Autonomous brand hit high end, and the bottom of the joint brand went up.
▪ Organizational change: break-up of listed + incentive reform + independent R & D system + employee ownership, and upgrade of group dynamics and efficiency. 1) break-up of listed companies to enhance their innovative capabilities. 2) Promote management incentives for market-based change. 3) Created the General Institute for Innovation Research and Development, driven by independent & flat organization structures
Technology R & D and industrialization of new energy smart-net cars. 4) Intellectual & zero-share employees increase organizational efficiency. • Technology layout: Power: Three Power Systems Autonomy; Smartness: Core Promotion Structures
Research, partial self-production of hardware. 1) Electricization: Three power systems are developed autonomously, synchronized energy, hydrogen fuel cells, phev systems are faster. 2) Smartness: zero beam development electronics architecture &soa platform, 24 years of area concentration + regional architecture; upper-end maps of subsidiaries
Products have supported limited L4 autopilots in commercial cars; the upper steam is the largest institutional shareholder of autopilot companies. At the same time, core hardware, such as capital participation chips in the gas industry, is used to create supply chain dimensions: core components are autonomously controlled, and global layouts are developed and produced.
Power system development & fuel cell development production subsidiary supply, lithium cell joint venture supply; intelligence aspect: software level values ownership of “brain and soul” and structure self-research. Hardware component self-production, core hardware joint venture & participation stock supply.
The rest of the supply chain: Chinese auto core supply, actively cooperating with external suppliers to secure the supply chain. Global dimensions: R & D + production + marketing, opening up overseas sales space. New branding channel dimensions: collaborative operations, focus on speed of expansion. 1) Smartass: cooperative operations experience.
Delivery centres. As of April 2022, ISPs have contracted 100 centres of experience and delivery, with the capacity to deliver to users throughout the country. 2) Flying vans: set up collective testing centres, delivery centres, and service centres with a “three-dimensional” layout. As of March 2022, 160 units were deployed nationwide.
The Upper Steam Group (600104): The User Experience Centre, which is expected to have 200 user experience centres in place by the end of 2022.
2) Upwind generality: Basic plate gl8 and other models are stable, uitium pure power platforms and factories are in progress.
Ring ratio + 118 per cent, recommenced production sequence  profit forecast and investment rating: traditional taps, new energy three systems for core technology + intelligence, total hardware and software layout, flying van + intellectual self-driven high-end branding, joint-venture electrical intelligence change
1.1. Sales & Reciprocal Reciprocal Discharges: Joint venture load reduction Voltage: three-cylinders released in 17 years, consumer acceptance was low & down in the whole city, up-circumstance sales were 9.8 per cent in 2017 - 2020, gradual abandonment of three-cylinder machines in 20 years, and chip shortages & slower pace of electrodynamic transition.
Volkswagen: Impact of the collision test at the end of 19 + 20 years of disease + 21 years of meb platform pattern with car: car-type competitiveness continues (21 years of glory i5 and mg5 are the first sales of glory and title); 2mg managed to get out of the sea (China number one); 3 new energy vehicles, Kolevi and ei5, performed well, making up for suv rx5
As a result of the sharp drop in sales due to increased competition, there has been a steady increase in the share of autonomous sales.
Growth in sales & improvement in product structure, resulting in a steady decrease in auto autonomy since 2018 (group net profit - the owner wants the subsidiary ' s net profit to be calculated); an increase in the share of vehicle sales, such as the Gl8/ct5 model, and an improvement in the overall profitability of the product structure.
Figure 3: Stewardship of Stewardship to Mother (Billions of Dollars) Figure 4: Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship Group to Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship Group to Stewardship to Stewardship to Stewardship Group to Steward to Stewardship Group to Stewardship to Steward to Steward to Stell to Steward to Steward to Steward to Stell to Stell to Stell to Stell to Stell to Steward to Stell to Steward Group (Bill in billions)
Totals: For seven years in a row, the upper-mortality group ranked first in China’s car company’s export volume, with its power to rob the international market overseas. In 2021, overseas sales amounted to 697,000 vehicles, i.e. 78.9 per cent of the year, and in Europe, Austranos, the Americas, the Middle East, ASEAN, and South Asia, sales out of 50,000.
In the Middle East, Chile’s top five markets enter the industry, and in India, Thailand, Australasia, Mexico, the Philippines, and Egypt, the top ten. In 2022, the overall overseas sales target for the upper gas group will be 800,000, and the mg brand will work towards the annual sales target of 500,000 to 600,000.
Structural level: The size of the vehicle has been gradually increasing, with the ratio of autonomous brands in overseas sales rising to 67%. The upper-mortality group exported the car pattern, dominated by the joint-car fleet, Ankowi+Novoscio, before the first half of 2019, and since the second half of 2019, the share of the autonomous brand name + 530 series of upper-meat car brands has continued to rise.
Autonomous brands continue to function. According to the energy type, in January-June, the autonomous brand exported about 40,000 electric vehicles, or +110% of the year. 2. The organizational change dimension: a full-scale upgrading of the organizational dynamism: 2.1. Positioning user-type high-tech enterprises and disbursing market-based + incentive reforms
The company will be able to further focus its operations by expanding its access to finance and increasing its research and development investment in innovative business, upgrading its corporate governance and increasing its overall competitiveness.
The plan was announced in November 2021, and the listing process proceeded smoothly.
The percentage of cadres will be “last-placed out.” Figure 7: A new corporate vision and values, vision, mission, June 2021 by the upper steam group
"Users for their own, partners for their own, and innovation for their own."
2.2. Establishment of the General Institute for Innovation Research and Development to enhance efficiency at the research and development level
Large data, cloud computing, cyber security, high-impact technology centres, offshore innovation centres (UK, Israel, North America), etc., mobilize their affiliates’ research and development capabilities to form a pool of more than 10,000 people of autonomous research and development talent.
(i) Integration of research and development resources and promotion of integrated architecture and common high-value modules: many of the innovation operations of the upper-mortality groups and their subsidiaries will be “connected” to ecological isolation, creating synergies to drive basic technology, whole-car architecture (inclusive software, hardware), common high-value modules, forward-looking technology research and development. (ii) Support for individual branding needs: research
The Institute can “marry” a wide range of innovations to different products, depending on the characteristics and needs of autonomous brands such as Wigent, Feifan, Yong Wai, mg, and overseas operations, with a strong push for differentiated R & D and innovation industries across the entire range of products.
Figure 8: Innovative Research and Development General Institute unveiled on 2 March 2022 Promotion of co-inventive model Establishment and research and development system: independent and flat organization structure, development and implementation of strong project management system.
The General Institute of Research and Development has an independent financial and personnel system, and explores a more flexible, efficient and market-friendly organizational system of flat flattening, with the Vice-President of the upper steaming group, the Chief Engineer, Joo Jie, also serving as President of the General Institute of Research and Development, and the Managing Director of the upper steam technology centre, Xiao Yong, as Vice-President of the General Institute of Research and Development.
Implementation of a robust project management system, with brands leading the establishment of cross-sectoral strong project teams, with overall responsibility for project progress, cost and quality in accordance with the harmonized gvdp process, and with the R & D General Institute providing appropriate personnel for technical services.
As of July 2022, 1) smart-ass cars: upper-air groups (54% shareholding), Zhang Gang Gokko (18%) and Aribaba (18%) shareholdings, esop (5.1% core staff shareholding) +csop (4.9% user interest holding),
(ii) Zero-bound technology: upper-mortality group shares 93.24 per cent and employee-stakers platforms with 6.76 per cent. Increasing the attractiveness of high-end talent for software, and building the brand ownership of companies with full-value chains. 3. Technology R & D dimensions: power self-researching and driving, intelligent cores driving structure self-researching.
Technology-level strategies: Fostering affiliates to master core technologies (core autonomous controls) + industrial investment enabling technologies to create new (extensive networks) + cooperative business partners (ecological co-construction). 1) 14 innovative firms with core technologies on board, emphasizing the autonomy of power-smart core technologies; 2) strategic directions around new energy sources, smart networks, etc.
(c) Actively working closely with cross-border partners such as Tseng and Ali to promote ecological co-construction.
Built around the new smart electric vehicle, the seven technology sub-headings of the supernova include the pure electron of the supernova, the whole of the superstar oil integration, the superstar hydrogen energy exclusive structure, the three whole-car technology sub-sets, and the blue core power matrix system, the platform-modified Cube battery system, the green core power drive system, and silver.
The four key systems technology substrates, such as the All-Back Smart Vehicle solution, basically cover the layout of the upper gas in the areas of pure electric power for fuel, oil power, mixing, hydrogen energy, batteries, power drives, intelligent driving, etc. 3.1.Sigma architecture: global modularized architecture for up-voltage intelligence
Upwinds position the sigma architecture as the "end height of the internal combustion age" and cover the mg and the glorified brands. Upwinds are officially released. The axle range is 2600~3050 mm, with a rotation range of 1550~1,700 mm, covering the level of the vehicle from level a to level D, covering the five major categories of suv, sedans, mpv, etc.
Full coverage. At the same time, taking into account overseas markets, the architecture pre-research phase takes full account of international regulatory standards. A new generation of vehicle-borne electrical structures, including a central computing platform and regional integration control, IUPAC architecture module
At the end of October 2020, the first item on the market, based on the sigma-based mpv-type Ryomax8, was the launch of a video camera, radars, blue teeth, lasers, high-precision maps, etc.
The first suv-type mgone of the architecture was listed in December 2021.
In May 2022, the launch of the public edug2+ hybrid system, which is expected to be on board in mid-2022, is expected to be the third generation of Emerx5, with a better acceleration than the competing model; the edug3 dual motor phev system has been launched and will be produced in 2023.
3.2.2. Three power systems are constantly changing, and performance is constantly improving.
The Consortium’s wholly-owned subsidiary, which focuses on the development of a new energy vehicle three-power system, has a general manager who is the deputy chief engineer of the upper-air consortium and deputy director of the company’s technology centre, Zhu Jun. The manufacturing system is a fast-starter for the upper-gas era created by a joint venture with the Ninder era and a123.
At present, the three-generation system for auto-owned new energy has evolved to a third generation, with power/safety increasing from generation to generation. The phase of standardization and systematization has improved, the battery bag sizes have been harmonized, and the battery package energy density has increased by 34% by using large module design.
e0 1.1kw/kg up to 1.97kw/kg in e1; stage 2 uses a new generation of fully self-researched pure electrical structures, back to parallel axis layouts, maximizing the advantage of having a new generation of power-driven systems of small size and high performance.
In 2020, the upper gas group announced the first hydrogen strategy in China’s automobile industry, which was planned to launch at least 10 fuel cell whole-line products by 2025. The core hydrogen technology as a strategic achievement was established in 2018 and, as of April 2022, the upper gas group.
In total, it holds 68.31% of the shares in high-hydrogen technology, which was broken down by the upper gas board in May 2022 through high-hydrogen technology.
In October 2021, ICHET released its first fuel power cell platform, m4, and simultaneously launched the platform's first fuel cell reactor high-hydrogen source, m4h, and the fuel cell system high-hydrogen source, p4h, p4l.
The perimeter will cover 30kw-230kw with a very long life span of more than 15,000hrs, with a rated power density of 4.2kw/l and a peak power density of 5.1kw/l. At the same time, the high-hydrogen technology will enable self-research of the core spare parts membrane electrodes of the fuel cell.
Figure 13: Imagineization: Core promotion structure self-researching, some hardware self-researching 3.3.1. Software level: Core promotion structure self-researching
Zero-beam technology is the main vehicle for upper-gas "software-defined cars." Zero-beam technology is positioned in the Platform-based Software Technology Division, which focuses on developing high-value-added products modules for smart cars to provide a full-scale or platform-based solution for the entire company.
In July 2021, the Bay-wide Galaxy solution 3.0 was launched to integrate domains and central computing units to fully support more than 14 smart drivers. The results will be in high-end smart cars in 2024. In April 2022, Zero-Block and High-Tech formally signed a contract for the development of the fourth generation of the Dragon Constellation Platform, with high-speed sa 8295.
High-precision map development and development applications will be the focus of the upper-gas subsidiary, the Central Ocean, which serves the entire industry chain of high-precision maps, as well as the country’s first class-A navigational electronic map company, which has access to the full-intensity map review number for compliance with high-precision maps.
Founded in 2016, with $146 million invested in 2017, with 51% of the SAC shares. In June 2021, China and China officially delineated the data products of the National High-Accurate Electronic Map of the Highway, completing the "full coverage" of more than 300,000 km of domestic high-speed highways.
Pilot driving, precise parking (~3cm), interaction with automated port equipment, etc., had been launched in 2021 as a quasi-commercial shipment. Figure 15: Underline of high-precision electronic map data products on national highways. Figure 16: China Sea Tribunal development history.
In 2016, the Central Sea Tribunal was founded by a coalition of China Haida, China, and China.
After the acquisition, the upper seating 51% 2019hd map production platform v1.0 & Ocean Hill Harbour autopilot pilot
The 2020 national high-speed hd map landed and became the first company to complete a full-scale mapping of high-precision maps.
High-precision electronic map of highways throughout the Central Ocean” 3.3.2. Hardware level: self-production of parts of hardware, core hardware provider of industrial capital participation holdings, C.O.V.E. as a core subsidiary of the Upper Automobile Smart Network Control System.
Founded in 2006, the general manager is Director-General Qiu Guo Guofao of the Automotive and Exterior Apparel Department. The company has now developed smart-direction systems ieps, smart brakes ibs, smart driving decision-control systems icu (May 2019), smart vehicle network combined terminal ibox (May 2021), smart tire safety systems iws, smart control systems.
The company's clients, in addition to the brands, include 26 whole-car factories and spare parts, such as the ideal car, the locomotive, the Wall, and Biadei. In 2021, the abs+esc product was delivered with half a million copies.
The joint venture secures the supply of the igbt power module. In 2018, the company was set up with the British.
4. Supply chain dimensions: Core components are autonomously controlled, core components are developed and produced in global layouts are autonomously controlled, and external suppliers are actively engaged in electrical aspects, 3-system development & fuel cell development production subsidiary supply, and lithium cells are co-located with Ningde
Some hardware self-produced at the hardware level, core hardware suppliers for industrial capital participation units. The rest of the parts supply supply chain: subsidiary Chinese auto core supply, actively cooperating with external suppliers.
In addition to the suppliers in the system, the up-scaling is accompanied by the introduction of well-known suppliers, both within and outside the country, to secure the supply chain.
4.2. Internationalization of R & D Production Deep-ploughing overseas markets, comprehensive distribution of R & D production and opening up the space for overseas sales.
(i) The R & D dimension: the upper steam group has a global design centre. The upper steam offshore R & D centres include the United States Silicon Valley Innovation Centre (new energy, connectivity, intelligent driving, etc.), the London Technology Design Centre (for pre-concept design development of major brand products), the Tel Aviv Innovation Centre (network security, software algorithms, consortia) in Israel.
(ii) Production level: complete layout of the vehicle and spare parts production base. By the end of 2021, the upper gas was deployed in three offshore production bases and one kd production plant, concentrated in the South-East Asian region; 100 zero components were deployed in overseas production research and development (R&D) bases.
5. Upwind auto autonomy: multi-brand full-price coverage, smart + flying-fung brands up, leading the middle- and low-end market of less than $200,000 in the fuel-car field, leading to the center-to-end market.
It's a new energy car. It's full price-covering the ladder and intellectuals take up the brand. It's a new place. It's a new place. It's a new place. It's a new place. It's a new place.
In terms of the structure of the sale of energy vehicles, a 60-million-dollar-grade pure electric train, Colevie, has a larger share of intellectuals and flying vans, with a higher responsibility for the upper-mortality brand. 5.1. Glory: location of the national vehicle and exploration of individualized transformations.
Cars start up, Internet car pioneers. In 2008, the first car of the Queen's brand was listed, followed by the first car of 550-350, which was launched in 18 years, with an excellent price of i5, and continued to lead in sales; in 2016, Ali joined forces to launch the first Internet, suv-Eonwayrx5, which quickly turned into an explosion, with sales amounting to 240,000 over 17 years.
In 2021, the series Me was launched, and the national car was rejuvenate and personalized. In April 2021, the entire new me series was released to meet the individualized needs of the national vehicle, giving products rejuvenation, individualization, and intelligent genetics.
In May 2022, Eon Wei whales were listed, leading in intelligence. Me was the first suv Eun Wei whale under the flag to shine around the world in April 2021, and was officially listed on May 2022. Eun Wei whales are fuel trucks, and in the design of their appearances, the Eung Wei whales use a kinky back-to-back pattern.
Ryo Wai is a space- and intelligence-leader, with a platform to ride horse-and-swipe skyfalls, compared to a competitive car type. The target group is an independent woman in the workplace, published in May 2022, and is the first smart hev-type under the flag of glory.
The title is the British sports car brand, which was founded in 1924 and has been acquired by the Automotive Group since 2007 and has been rejuvenated.
Supply systems, exports and single branding champions in China’s overseas markets continue to grow. According to the company’s expectations, in 2022, the mg brands will strive to achieve a target of 500,000 to 600,000 overseas sales.
Figure 25: Bronx sales (millions) 5.3. Flying van: high-end pure electro-intelligence mobile space in positioning, high-end new energy vehicle markets, with an emphasis on intelligence and technology.
Brands, the first-car-type pure sedan er6 was listed in August 2020, the pure electricity suvmarver was listed in February 2021, the flying car subsidiary was installed in October 2021, and the upper-car group took on board the r-brand of the car sub-company and came out independently to market the flying car in a light asset-based manner.
The organizational structure emphasizes co-creation, overall efficiency in development, and rapid response to user needs. There are co-inventive centers in the core business units under the flag of Flying car and Steam. The upper steam design department is involved in Flying Van design processes; the upper steam technology centre, the team of intellectuals and the upper steam software company 's zero beams, respectively, are involved in research and development of Flying Man vehicles; and the upper air use is located in Shanghai.
In terms of product planning, there is at least one new model per year, 2022-2025. Flying cars are planned for 2022-2025.
Flying R7 will be officially delivered in the second half of 2022, and a full new vehicle will be released in 2022. Flying Fár 7 will be the first vehicle to be launched after independence, and will be of strategic importance for building a flyer brand image.
It's going to be delivered officially in the second half of 2022. In the smart cabin, Flying 7 uses a multi-dimensional sensory interactive system with 43 inches of colour screens for the Trans-House; it carries a visual enhancement ar-hud equalisation system for the world's premiere. On the power side, Flying 7 will launch a single and double power four-roller, four-roller.
The maximum power is 400kw, the maximum torque is 700n m, and the range is more than 600 km, and in the case of smart drivers, the p-cem program is configured to be at the top of a line of new power brands.
Algorithms, with 33 visual hardware. The world's leading mass production is using the Lumiar high-prescriptive laser radar, with a premium 4d imaging radar, with a combination of a super arithmetic microchip, an enhanced version of the British darin hyper-intelligent microchip, 8 million pixels, high-quality cameras, high-precision maps, etc., to achieve a more accurate multi-scenes object identification.
5.4. Intellectual property: A high-end pure electric brand for positioning the user type Smart car was created in December 2020 as a joint user car brand. In April 2022, the first high-end pure sedan car was listed as wise ́l7 and the high-end pure suv vehicle is expected to be launched in 2022.
In April 2022, Wisdom1 was officially marketed at a cost of $368.8 million to $4.88 million. 1) In terms of power and continuity performance, the two-power power system of Wisdom1.7 has a combined capacity of 400kw, with a peak of 700n m,
Kilometre acceleration time is 3.9 seconds; 93kw batteries are marked with a continuous range of 615km. 2) In the intellectual field, smart-ass car imad is using the Soa atomic software structure, using the Domain Integration Centrally Calculating Digital Structure. The sensor level is not equipped with laser radar, and the chip is used for British Vidaxavier, with a L2+ level autopilot.
The ability of Daorin and three laser radars to upgrade. 3) In the interior, Wisdom 1-7 is equipped with 39 inches of lift and drop super large combination screens, with 12.8 inches of superfundamental central screens.
6. Channel dimension: The new brand uses a collaborative win-win model to rapidly expand its intellectual channel: the Cooperative Operations Experience Delivery Centre. In September 2021, the first Automobile Experience Centre landed in Shanghai, 13 brand experience centres were built in 2021, and as of April 2022, the Smart Automobile and 100 others were involved.
It is planned to complete more than 110 experiments and delivery centres by the end of 2022.
Flying channels: set up collective testing centres, delivery centres, service centres “three-dimensional” layouts. As of March 2022, 160 user experience centres were deployed nationwide, with 200 household experience centres expected to be deployed by the end of 2022.
Twenty-one cities have operationalized 100 brand chargers. Figure 31: Distribution/House (as of May 2022) 7. Joint venture brands: Power smart transformation positive, waiting to be improved
The car market, polo and Santana, occupies the entry-level car market, and the clearing and distribution of 7-15 million market areas, 200,000-300,000 market areas in Pasadebo and 300,000-500,000 market areas in Phuangbu;
The suv market is full coverage of 1.5 to 400,000 market areas. The popular id series on electric cars has introduced three models. The id.3 is young, tidal, performance-oriented and more suitable for the younger generation; the id.4x matches consumers who are pursuing their technical experience; and the high end id.6x is better suited for business people or consumers with higher demands on space.
Figure 33: Mass sales above (millions) Figure 34: id series sales (vehicles) 2025 as a critical year for mass electric smart layouts. Electrodynamic layout: car-type based on modular platforms (meb-)
(ppe-sp) Develops, extrapolates battery operations to self-drop, and actively deploys solid-state battery technology. Smart layout: Promotes the development of the corporate cariad, auto-drive investment in argoai. 2025, based on the ssp platform, e32.0 electrical structures, pre-loads vw.os, supports the first vehicles of the l4 auto-drive technology
Figure 35: Mass Group Electronic Smart Layout Planning volkswagen newaututoundeinekonsequientransforformationwerdenvolkswagenzueinemglobaltech
♪ Playermachen-mitspezialisiertenundhochagileenwetwertbewernfürjedeplattform volkswagen wettbewerb ♪
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Marken premium sport
stellentisxpeng (byd) sp
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to have to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
♪ moin Argo uber ♪
Solutions cruise otuavi
k-do, k-fc, k-gs, k-spcsd-clas: 0.2-2years electrical platform is constantly evolving, and the public is firmly engaged in a full-scale electric transformation.
(e) Meb-ppe-sp) Develops pure electrical products, has a strong overall idea of electric transformation, and is actively involved in battery operations, energy solutions, etc. 1) Meb platform: a purely electric vehicle modular platform, which was officially launched in 2019, covers all types of vehicles branded as Audi, popular, Scota and Syat, and products will be marketed in two batches in China, the United States and Europe.
The upper gas mass meb platform produced 300,000 vehicles per year, and was launched in October 2020.)Ppe platform: positioning large, pure electric high-performance platforms. Audi and Porsche jointly developed and will cover cars, travel vehicles, suvs, etc., in Benly, Audi and Porsche, and large, pure electric high-performance platforms in positioning. The first will be officially launched in 2024.
Launching. 3) Sp platform: The new platform will provide a higher quality experience in re-routing miles, charging speed and electronicization, and will support autopilots at the level of 14. Sps will be the only group structure in 2035, with the first ssp model of mass production time invested in quantumspace, locking in the next generation of solid battery technology. Mass groups will be moving to solid-state batteries in 2018.
Quantumscape, a start-up company, invested $100 million and held 5% of the shares. In 2020, popular groups increased their investment in the department by $200 million.
In September 2019, the public group and the Swedish battery company, northvolt, collaborated and won 20% of their shareholding. In 2021, the public continued to raise Euro500 million to support the expansion of its production.
The software company, Cariad, promotes the development of software platforms and adapts them to different generations of pure electric motors. The core technology for cariad is electronic and electrical architecture, auto software operating systems vw.os, and some key software applications.
By 2030, more than 40 million mass-group vehicles will be operational in the technology depots developed by the cariad. On April 28, 2022, the Cariad software company, under the banner of the Mass Motors Group, set up a Chinese subsidiary to promote the face.
To double the number by the end of the year, more than 90 per cent of them will be indigenous software talent, and the Chinese team will lead and participate in research and development involving 70 per cent of the new software platform technology warehouse and product lines, including indigenous research and development and adaptation.
The mass electronics structure is evolving. Version e31.1 is now in production and will be on a bus type such as popular id.4 and cupraborn (did.3 compatriots). Version e31.2 will be launched in 2023, with a vehicle entertainment system based on android; version e32.0 will be launched in 2025 and will be on vw.os.
Figure 39: Evolution of popular electronics and electrical structures Investment in autopilot technology companies, argoai. In 2020, the general public and Ford agreed that they both became strategic partners with autopilot technology companies, argoai. The general public invested about 16.6 billion yuan in argoai.
Argo’s founders, bryansalesky and peterrander, were previously responsible for uber and Google Unmanned Technologies.
Figure 40: Public and Ford co-invests in autopilot technology companies argoai collaboration withargoaiemsforindustryledsds1platform indexentgo-to-marketplans
inppendentgo-to-marketplans volkswagen ford
It's not like I'm going to have to do it.
I'm sorry, region-specifiecretsolations
7.1. Upper gas generality: distribution of pure power platforms, active transformation of electric intelligence Up gas general positioning of its sub-brands by brand value 1) Chevyland: Mainly low-end mass market, Kwodz Bub market of less than 100,000 sedans, Kwob market of less than 200,000 suv; 2) Bek: Main middle-end market,
The main sales are made up of gas. gl6, gl8, the market for less than 300,000 mpv, the market for less than 200,000 suv in Ankoweb, the market for cars in 6-250 thousand districts in England, Junwei and Jundang; 3) the Cadillac: the main high-end market, the market for more than 250,000 in ct series of car layouts, and the market for 200,000 suv in xt 5.
Figure 41: Up-load generic branding matrix Buickgl8 is a mpv market star, with a steady upturn in sales. After Bekgl8 was marketed, the market for medium- and high-end commercial vehicles, with a high-end interior and interior design and power level, became the preferred commercial mpv model.
With the subsequent expansion of the vehicle configuration, sales have continued to rise. Compared to the competitive model, gl8 is superior at the same level of size and axle as mpv at the same level; the power is strong and brings with it a good driving experience; the price range is wide enough to meet the demand for many combinations. With excellent product strength and accumulation and branding effect in the mpv market for many years, we expect gl8 to be sold.
The main features of the platform are: 1) highly flexible technology options. The platform is compatible with car models of different sizes and axle ranges, such as sedans, suvs, mpvs, pickups, and can also support different battery types and driver combinations through power.
Cells and power-driven systems are combined. 2) Smart: wbms radio pool management system is used in volume-producing electric vehicles, i.e. wireless connections are used to manage the core and battery modules in a coordinated manner. The cell management system can also achieve an ota rotational upgrade in conjunction with the new generation of vip smarts in the General Motors. 3) Security: the system meets the asil-d level of the system.
Up-air motor intelligence transitions are positive, and pure power plants are in operation. Up-air-dissemination and smart network integration strategies will invest RMB 50 billion by 2025 in new technologies for electricization, intelligence, and networking.
Landing and supporting the launch of more than 10 new electric car products based on the ALT platform by 2025. In October of 2021, the GAT Super Plant announced its official launch, with the GSM intelligent transformation continuing deep months into the market, offering a pre-sale price of $439.7 million, with delivery expected to start in 2022 q3.
It is expected that the average value of five companies, as upper-mortality companies, will rise as sales start. We maintain the company’s “buy-in” rating, given that the upper-mortality conglomerate technology + intelligent soft-hardware panorama layout, flying van + intellectual self-enhanced branding, joint-venture electric power, and intelligent change.
The growth of the new energy automobile industry has been slower than expected. If the new world crown epidemic is less controlled than expected, it will have an impact on the global economy, thus affecting the recovery of vehicle demand.
The supply chain of key components, such as chips/cells, is unstable. If the epidemic causes a global shortage of chips, there is a strain on the supply of key components, such as batteries.
The new platform is not moving as fast as expected. If it does not, it may lead to lower sales/performance than anticipated.
Three financial forecasts for the upper-mortality group.