In June there was a huge increase in sales.
In June 2022, the upper gas group produced 49.2 cars, a 50 per cent increase in the same year, and the ring 37 per cent increase in the same year; and the sales of 48.4 vehicles, a 47 per cent increase in the same year.
The ring grew by 33%. Of these, the upper-air car produced 8.3 vehicles, an increase of 87%, an increase of 16%; the sales of 8.3 vehicles, an increase of 76%, an increase of 17%; the new-energy vehicle produced 9.0 vehicles, an increase of 101%, an increase of 23%; the sales of 9.1 vehicles, an increase of 86%, an increase of 27%. The upper-air public sold 125,000 vehicles, an increase of 94%, and the higher-air general-use sales, an increase of 47%;
In June 2022, the national outbreak control was generally better. Most of the major vehicle production bases, such as Guangdong and Shanghai, and spare parts suppliers, have returned to full production and have fully released their production capacity. At the same time, good policies, such as a tax on the purchase of cars, a return to business at the end shop, and the automobile industry as a whole, have come to an end.
The upper-mortality group is expected to expand its sales growth space by adding a new car smartl7+Firfár7 to the recommenced positives. The smart-assl project is backed up by steam, working with Ali, Puradong, the global layout, positioning high-end, with the upper-mortality group, Pudong Shin, and the Alibaba group.
Together, they are committed to becoming “the implementers of change in the smart age.” The Vanr project is incubated from the upper gas, mainly with new brands, new zeros, new products, new experiences, middle-end positioning, with electric car + intelligent adoption of the “new retail without trade” marketing model, accompanied by new living spaces such as r-space, r-store, new product gestures, interactive modes of networking with consumers, and the display of cars in car experience, sales, sales, etc.
In June, continued promotion of the marketing of high-hydrogen technologies helped to raise the level of specialization, stimulate innovation, diversify resources, and improve corporate governance systems. Hydrogen technology was the tap of the hydrogen fuel cell. In 2019, it was 12.6%, and ranked fifth.
In June of the year, the application was accepted by the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The Autonomous New Vehicle Matrix is rich and the new product cycle is about to open.
Hwa, its first-car-type l7 is now being delivered on June 18th. In addition, smart-ass brands are expected to launch a new car Ls7 this year, and high-end smart-powered medium-sized suv is expected to be followed up by a more complete product matrix. 2) On board cars: according to the company, R-marks, Winnies, and Monsignor brands are currently developing at least 14 new models, with a clear distinction in positioning: r-ticks for the market of $200,000 to $300,000, emphasizing science.
The brand is well-prepared, new energy models are being followed up, and it is hoped that we will benefit from the opportunities of self-empowerment.
Keeping the profit forecast, the net profit expected from the parent company for 2022-2024 is $252.935.1 million. For comparable company valuations, we maintain a whole-of-the-car research framework: industry background, business operations, stock price performance.
Speed-up, pe's incremental elasticity will give priority to the response, determining the direction of stock prices over the medium and long term; profit (profits) will be validated over the course of subsequent order weeks to determine the extent of short-term stock price shocks; its impact will be from the policy environment at the industry trend level, economic conditions, cyclical attributes, to the enterprise's endowment level of products, management, raw materials, size, etc., for which the factors — disassembly, analyse, develop and capture the enterprise and industry
In June 2022, the country-wide outbreak control was generally better. Most of the cars and spare parts suppliers at the major automobile production bases in Guangdong and Shanghai have been able to build up a new product.
In June 2022, the upper-gas group produced 49.2 vehicles, a 50% increase in the same year, and 37% in the same year; 48.4 vehicles, a 47% increase in the same year, were sold.
The ring grew by 33%. Of these, the upper-air car produced 8.3 vehicles, an increase of 87%, an increase of 16%; the sales of 8.3 vehicles, an increase of 76%, an increase of 17%; the new-energy vehicle produced 9.0 vehicles, an increase of 101%, an increase of 23%; the sales of 9.1 vehicles, an increase of 86%, an increase of 27%. The upper-air public sold 125,000 vehicles, an increase of 94%, and the higher-air general-use sales, an increase of 47%;
The impact of the epidemic has been greatly reduced, and the output has returned to normal levels. By brand, 125,000 vehicles have been sold by the public, representing an increase of 94 per cent; 125,000 vehicles sold by the general public, representing an increase of 47 per cent; 83,000 vehicles sold by the upper car, representing an increase of 76 per cent; and 12 million vehicles sold by the upper car, representing an increase of 29 per cent.
Figure 2: Sales of new energy vehicles above (in units of vehicles) Figure 3: Sales of vehicles by vehicle (in units of vehicles) Figure 4: Monthly sales of upper gas to the public (in thousands), acceleration
Figure 5: Monthly sales of upper gas (millions), speed of increase Figure 6: Monthly sales of upper gas by vehicle (millions), speed of increase Figure 7: Monthly sales of upper gas (millions), speed of increase
On June 18, the “New World Flagship” officially launched a national user delivery. This delivery was delivered in the form of IQ1.7dynamic and IQ1.7pro, which will also open up the imcare service.
Quantifying key elements such as “the iconic characteristic of the level of motor intelligence development”, “the subversive experience created by intelligent technology”, “the inevitable need to trigger users in the 5g era”, “the bottom logic that drives the evolution of motor intelligence,” and “the greatest possibility of creating value in the meta-cosm”, exploring the creation of a new standard of motor intelligence in the new world, truly creating, from a practical point of view, what a smart-age car should look like.
The big suv flying at the 7th Sunshine State Car Fair on the whole new flag ship, opening the door for the first time under the line to show users the 43-inch wide-banded 3-scene screen of the multi-dimensional sensor interactive brain module, which is the largest Chinese brand size combined screen. The l+r enabling technology transition has improved the medium-end and high-end layout of the steam, and the new vehicle is combined to expand the volume of growth space.
Steam, working together with Ali, Kozi-Puradong, Global, positioning high-end, built jointly by the upper-bond group, Pudong-New Zone and the Ali-Baba group, is committed to becoming “the implementer of the changes of the smart age.” The r project (Flying Van) is a new brand, new retail, new product, new experience, middle-end location, hatched from the upper gas.
New spaces for life, such as r-store, connect with consumers in new product gestures, interactive modes, and demonstrate the business thinking of the upper car over the full life cycle of products such as car experience, sales, and services, leading to new performance growth for the upper gas conglomerates.
On June 29, the application to split the technology into a list of technology was accepted by the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The company held direct shares in 4.6211% of the technology, and the company held a combined direct/indirect shares in 68.3011% of the technology, and was an indirect controlling shareholder in the technology. On November 25, 2021, the company proposed to split the Shanghai Hydrogen Technology Ltd. to the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
The commercialization phase begins at an early stage. Listing helps to raise the level of specialization, stimulate innovation, diversify financing, improve the corporate governance system, and maximize shareholder benefits.
According to the White Paper on the Hydrogen Energy and Fuel Cell Industry in China, hydrogen energy will be an important component of China’s energy system, accounting for about 10% of the energy system in 2050, 60 million tons of hydrogen gas, more than 10,000 hydrogen-added stations, and 5 million fcv/years of production.
Twenty enterprises, the first five of which accounted for 87.4 per cent of the market, ranked fifth in the case of the high-hydrogen technology market, which accounted for 12.6 per cent.In May 2021, the high-hydrogen technology was put into operation in the Shanghai New Park, which has four main functions: R & D, testing and certification, manufacturing, hydrogen supply, line-covering membrane electrodes, fuel cell reactors, fuel cell systems, and whole series of hydrogen storage systems.
Figure 13: The main clients of the high-hydrogen technology have continued to improve on the new end of the autonomous brand, with long-term incremental potential The upper gas group has steadily advanced in the transformation of the electric intelligence, the new energy vehicle model of the multi-owned brand has continued to be launched, and the new end has continued to perform well, hopefully.
The Autonomous New Cars Matrix is rich, and the new product cycle is about to open. 1) Smart-ass cars: Smart-ass brands match the market of $300,000 or more, positioning high-end + luxury, and its first-end, l7-positioned, high-end smart and pure sedans, which is expected to become high-end, high-end, high-end, high-end electric cars that will be delivered on June 18th.
In the course of this year, the intellectual brand is also expected to launch a new model of Ls7 to locate high-end, pure electricity, medium-sized suv, with the hope of building a more complete matrix of products. 2) On board the car: according to the company, the R-mark, the R-Longway and the Monsignor brand are currently working on at least 14 new models, with a clear distinction in positioning: r for the 20-300,000 market, with an emphasis on technology plus high-end, the title brand is at a major price of 10-20 million dollars, with a major sports event.
In addition to the overseas market, the Rongwei brand, which is aimed at a market of $100,000-20 million, continues to focus on “comfort + space” and continues to focus on “comfort + space” in the direction of value for money, following the easing of raw material tensions, such as chips, the landing of the autonomous brand l+r project, the advent of a powerful new product cycle in the upper band, which is expected to take place throughout 2022-2025.
In 2021, the Great Wall and the Upper Car Group sold 230, 214, 127, 5.46 million vehicles, respectively, as autonomous brand leaders; in digitalization, electricization and transformation, the Changan Car, the Hiroshima Group, the Wall, the Upper Car Group were well-placed, and the blasting power was high.
Upper Steam Group (600104.sh) - In-depth report II: Autonomous brand transformation, smart electric propulsion - 2022-04-05 HMS - Upper Steam Group - mid-point evaluation: second-quarter performance with slight pressure, new energy vehicles and export performance - Schedule: Financial forecasting and valuation
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject