Yunnan White (000538), the pharmaceutical biology is growing steadily and continues to look forward to the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: Corporate business income of 2018q1, net profit return of mothers, net profit deductions of about $6.34 billion, $8.1 billion, $700 million, and growth rates of about 7.3%, 11.2%, 0.2%, respectively. Performance growth is stable, waiting for changes in the company. Corporate business income of 2018q1 is about $6.34 billion, a year-on-year increase.
It's about 7.3% long, and the rate of increase is about 7 percentage points lower. The parent company earns about $1.38 billion, and we think that the pressure on the company's pharmaceutical plate is still high, and it is expected that the income increase will accelerate after the product price increases and channels are completed. The net profit of 2018q1 is about $700 million, and the rate of increase is about 0.2%.
The analysis is as follows: 1) The overall Māori rate of the company is about 30.5%, which is the same as the same rate. However, it is about 0.7 percentage points lower than the annual report, mainly due to the fact that q1 business grew faster than industry; 2) the cost rate for the period is about a percentage point, and overall control is better. However, the financial cost is about 0.4% higher as a result of the payment of bank factoring charges.
The stock of the 2018q1 company is about $8.97 billion, an increase of about 18% in the same year, and the ring is almost equal. For example, the stock is mainly raw materials and stocks, and it is expected to improve when the channels are sorted out. We believe that the former stockholders reform has landed, that market-based incentives, etc., are expected to be strong and public.
The strategic direction of the division is based on medicine and medicine. It is expected that the company's fundamentals will continue to recover, continue to look at its performance, improve its performance, improve its performance, and gradually define its strategic direction.) The mix will continue to deepen, and strategic synergies will be taken into account.
Corporate governance and decision-making mechanisms have become more marketable. Independent directors' salaries have now been adjusted, companies have begun internal reforms, and employees' incentives are now strong; (ii) Health + Medicine strategic direction, targeting emerging areas such as “medical materials science, medical devices, slow disease management” has been introduced as a result of the introduction of the previous mix-up.
The funds also contribute to the growth of the group ' s outreach, such as medical care, equipment, etc.: Xinhuadu, fish, leap medicine or the provision of industrial capital for companies to experiment with new business areas such as solarization, bone injury, non-pharmaceuticals, etc.; 3) branding of drug-leading companies, leading the big health layout industry.a, long-term viewing of company pharmaceuticals, etc.
The growth of the Ministry of Industry and the competitive advantage of the white market has made it clear that it has a higher market share in its segmented areas and that its increased promotion of the generic drug market, such as the gas-breeding market, has accelerated its income growth; b. the performance of the Ministry of Chinese Drug Resources has increased rapidly, and the Ministry of Industry and Drug Resources has been characterized by a number of well-established cultivation bases, promoting “o2o” and so on.
The new business model is expected to be a new profitable growth point for companies in the future;c, large health operations are growing rapidly, shampoo, skin-care inputs are increasing, and power-market platforms are being actively expanded, with Xinhua participating in a strong alliance or promoting a new growth in large health businesses.
The emergence of drugs and the complete distribution of large health, and the mixed transformation of the group level, has made its prospects more promising, with catalysts such as product price increases, performance growth, incentives, outreach, and the maintenance of the "buy-in" rating.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.