Yunnan White: Reconstructed, new white companies have landed and market-based regime dividends are available; companies have come together to focus on medicine and medicine, and expectations are strong in the face of the upgrading of the pharmaceutical industry.
Yunnan Pharmacy published in 2017. During the reporting period, companies achieved 24,315 million yuan in operating income, an increase of 8.5 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies were 3,145 million yuan, an increase of 7.71 per cent over the same period; and there was a steady growth in almost every 1.4 major business plates, with performance largely in line with market expectations.
Annual Strategy Report for the Pharmaceutical Industry 2018 - New Pattern: 5 Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd. Gradually gain market recognition for products such as green shampoo, new types of shampoo products added by companies, raised eyes
The coverage of the target consumer population is expected to increase by about 20% on the basis of a 16-year low base; the sanitary scarf system; the pharmaceutical biology: the Chinese medicine product is growing steadily.
Zhang Waia has achieved income of $5,044 million, an increase of 2.56%. Central product (white drug series) revenue accounts for about two-thirds of the drug income, of which it is expected to remain relatively high for aerosols with strong consumption properties.
Increasing speed, stickers and ointments have been growing steadily. Den Zhouyu has achieved 14.494 billion yuan in medicine, an increase of 7.45 per cent, and market access is now in Yunnan's lead position.
As the two-vote system moves forward in the future, it will help to increase the market’s presence in the company. Currently, a two-phase project to build a logistics hub for the pharmaceutical business board has begun, and its future development base has been further strengthened.
The Ministry of Chinese Drug Resources has achieved income of 1,163 million yuan, an increase of 23.19 per cent. The Chinese Drug Resources Section has benefited from three or seven classes of Chinese medicine, the expansion of the supply of intermediate products, and the development of functional foods and products such as reproductive health.
Financial indicators remain robust: corporate Māori as a whole 31.19 per cent, an increase of 1.33 pp over 2016, of which 2. Pharmacy holdings are mixed and marketable dividends 10 per cent of the stockholding shares are equal to 2:2.
A more liberal enabling environment is created by the activation of the rule of law and the further release of business dynamics. Corporate management has been hired on a market-based basis, and market-based governance structures have been initially shaped, helping to increase the efficiency of major decision-making processes, promising to break the deadlock in State-owned enterprise mechanisms, and providing incentives for management to marketize to mobilize positive capital and further unleash the dynamism of enterprises.
3. Reconstructing, focusing on the core areas of medicine and medicine, and extending expectations strongly
Trends in industry, the focus on medicine and medicine, on the one hand, and the consolidation and upgrading of existing business portfolios based on the institutional advantages of financial advantage, brand advantage, channel advantage and full marketization, on the other hand, the creation of new competitive advantages and profitability in Yunnan white medicine through strategic cooperation, the development of import, investment mergers and acquisitions, and innovative services in the future.
The mission’s close to $30 billion in monetary funds provided a strong guarantee for the project’s advancement, with less than expected improvements, increased competition in the destination market and lower prices for medicines.