Phillipcapital Yunnan Pharmacy (000538.sz)
Recent market booms, corporate stock prices are falling, and opportunities for buy-in are emerging. We reiterate that the company's basics are good, with 7.26 per cent growth in business revenue per quarter, 11.18 per cent increase in revenue, cash flow generated by the campaign, and the target price of rmb 112.0 per cent (+7.66 per cent)
General stockholders (millions of shares): Growth slows, except for the strong. China’s Ministry of Commerce and Industry published the Analysis Report on Drug Circulation Operations 2017, which shows that the surge in pharmaceutical wholesalers has slowed, and the revenues of the top 100 drug wholesalers are equal to those of the business owners.
In the future, the country’s medical reform policies will be followed by implementation, and the drug circulation industry will enter a period of deep adjustment, and regional drug distribution companies will accelerate cross-regional integration.
In 2010-2016, the efficiency of salespersons per person decreased. In 2017, the public-owned owner, Yunnan White Pharmacy Holdings Ltd., introduced the private sector enterprises Xinhuadu and Jiangsu fish as strategic investors, further deepening the reform of mixed ownership. The efficiency of salesmen improved in 2017, with salesmen contributing per capita income.
Chart: Contribution per salesman (millions of US dollars)
The company’s public investors’ interviews show that, in response to the local strategy of Yunnan Province to build Yunnan as a healthy and living destination, the company is expected to receive support and support from the government’s policies. The company’s approach to expanding the medical service includes finding medical resources at institutions of higher learning, for example.
Source, or combination of brand features of white medicine, expands to bone injury treatment. It is recommended to focus on developments. Cost increases; circulation is affected by a double vote system; health products are highly competitive; and mixing is not as effective as expected.
Source: company, phillipsecurities chart: peer comparison, Yunnan white drugs (000538.sz)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . by . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . by
I don't know, this publicity nootbere producedinwholeorin part, distributedor publicised by yoouforanypurpose.philipsecuriushallonotbeliableforanydirecticist consequentiosalissalising fromanyuseofmatarealcontaininthispublication.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
If there's a problem with the possibility of the realization of the humanssuchdamages. people, forecasts, assumptions, estimates, valusandpricescontainingtheismalalareasofthedateindidicatedandaresubjecttochangeatanytimemenewoutpriororotice.
I'd like to thank you for your help, Mr. President, for your cooperation with the United Nations Office at Geneva, and for your assistance in this regard, for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UN-Habitat), and for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UN-Habitat), and for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UN-Habitat), the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UN-Habitat), the United Nations Children's Fund (UN-Habitat), the United Nations Children's Fund (UN-Habitat), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever been in the business, but I don't know if you're the one who's in the business.
I don't know, singapore malaysia phillipsecurities teltd
I'm not sure if it's true, but it's not true.
kualalumpur japan longkong
philipcapitaljapank.k. phillipsecurities(hk)ltd nagata-chobldg.
An exchangeparticipantofthestockexhangeofhongkong 8f, 2-4-3nagata-cho, 11/fedcentre95queensway
Longkong China indonesia
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do this, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Jakarta 10220 - indonesia
phillipsecurities (thailand) publicco.ltd king & shaxsoncapitallimited 15thplace, vorawatbuilding,
849 silomroad, silom, bangrak, paraisfrance bangkok 10500thailand
I'm sorry, I didn't know you were here.
Phillipfuturesinc 6thbroor, candlewickhouse, 120cannonstreet,
The chicagoboardoftradebuilding london, ec4n6as chicago, il6004usa
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Melbourne, Victoria 3000, australia