Phillipcapital Yunnan Pharmacy (000538.sz)
In China, the companyŌĆÖs pharmaceutical and pharmaceutical industry has grown steadily, and health products have grown significantly in the pharmaceutical industry. The sales price has increased significantly by the target of 112.0 per cent (+16.4 per cent).
In 2017, the company's controlling owner, Yunnan White Drug Holdings Ltd., brought the private business Xinhuadu to war with the river fish.
Slight investors, the change in the ownership structure of the White Drug Consort has changed to 45%, 45%, and 10% of the shares of the Yunnan State Property Commission, Xinhuadu and Jiangsu Fish, and the loss of effective control over human business by both the White Drug Consort and the listed companies. After the 2017 restructuring, we expect that this mix of changes will give rise to further entrepreneurial dynamism and increase corporate competitiveness in 2018.
The pharmaceutical industry is growing steadily, and the provincial pharmaceutical company is earning $14,494 million, an increase of 7.5 per cent. We predict that in 2018, with the impact of the two-vote system, the commercial sector is expected to be better.
The company now has a full-scale power station, and in the meantime, it's opening pipelines in micro-business, etc. The pharmaceutical industry is developing.
In terms of products, there is a growing demand for pharmaceutical consumption, and an increase in intra-departmental transfers is being promoted.
Source: alastocks, phillipsecurities(hk)research drug consumption systems; accelerated development and promotion of nursing industries, such as steam eye masks. (2) Health Products, with real revenues of $43,61.1 million, 16 per cent more than in the same year. Health Products Pipelines are now covered nationwide, with partial distribution.
At the same time, the company has been actively developing electronic commerce, creating an Internet market in Hangzhou, and entering major power stations in the form of a flag shop.
The companyŌĆÖs sales fees increased by 30% over the same period, mainly because of market maintenance and promotion. The companyŌĆÖs focus was on new media outlets such as Internet pipelines, building pipes, and the title of the event on which the young consumers were concerned, to raise the companyŌĆÖs brandŌĆÖs visibility among the young consumers.
In 2017, the company launched the Yunnan White Phenomenal Ten-mile Custom Series and Yunnan White Phenomenal Ten-Live Series and Yunnan Spring Wind Ten-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long.
A custom-made washing bag; a self-made big-ip sport event called "Runnan White Race 538" with partners from Changsha, Chongqing, Wuhan, etc. The sales bill for 2018 and 2019 is likely to rise as the investment in locks increases.
Our model shows a target price of $112.0. We predict the future growth of branch businesses, and, taking into account the CityŌĆÖs profit rate and industry valuation, we give Yunnan 33 times the target market rate, with a target share price of $112.0.
Chart: Income, speed increase and assumptions (rmb'000) source: company, phillipsecurities: peer comparison
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . by . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . by
I don't know, this publicity nootbere producedinwholeorin part, distributedor publicised by yoouforanypurpose.philipsecuriushallonotbeliableforanydirecticist consequentiosalissalising fromanyuseofmatarealcontaininthispublication.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
If there's a problem with the possibility of the realization of the humanssuchdamages. people, forecasts, assumptions, estimates, valusandpricescontainingtheismalalareasofthedateindidicatedandaresubjecttochangeatanytimemenewoutpriororotice.
I'd like to thank you for your help, Mr. President, for your cooperation with the United Nations Office at Geneva, and for your assistance in this regard, for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UN-Habitat), and for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UN-Habitat), and for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UN-Habitat), the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UN-Habitat), the United Nations Children's Fund (UN-Habitat), the United Nations Children's Fund (UN-Habitat), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever been in the business, but I don't know if you're the one who's in the business.
I don't know, singapore malaysia phillipsecurities teltd
I'm not sure if it's true, but it's not true.
kualalumpur japan longkong
philipcapitaljapank.k. phillipsecurities(hk)ltd nagata-chobldg.
An exchangeparticipantofthestockexhangeofhongkong 8f, 2-4-3nagata-cho, 11/fedcentre95queensway
Longkong China indonesia
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do this, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Jakarta 10220 - indonesia
phillipsecurities (thailand) publicco.ltd king & shaxsoncapitallimited 15thplace, vorawatbuilding,
849 silomroad, silom, bangrak, paraisfrance bangkok 10500thailand
I'm sorry, I didn't know you were here.
Phillipfuturesinc 6thbroor, candlewickhouse, 120cannonstreet,
The chicagoboardoftradebuilding london, ec4n6as chicago, il6004usa
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Melbourne, Victoria 3000, australia