Yunnan Pharmacy (000538) has grown steadily throughout the year, with clear strategic directions for the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
In 2017, the company earned about 24.32 billion yuan in business income, the net profit from maternity, and the net profit from withholding, respectively, the annual operating income was about 24.3 billion yuan, an increase of about 8.5 per cent over the same period. By segment, the pharmaceutical industry earned about 9.96 billion yuan, an increase of about 9.7 per cent over the same period, and the overall income from pharmaceutical commerce was about 14.3 billion yuan.
According to the Ministry, the provincial pharmaceutical companies increased their revenues by about 7.4%; the pharmaceutical industry increased their revenues by about $5.04 billion, or 2.6%, and the sales of core drugs are expected to continue to increase at a much higher rate; and the Ministry of Health increased its revenues by about 7.4%.
The analysis is as follows: (a) The company ' s Māori ratio is about 31.2 per cent, with an increase of about 1.3 percentage points, mainly due to a nearly 30 per cent increase in the cost of sales due to product consolidation and channel inputs, while the rest, such as management costs and financial cost control, are better. (3) The increase in the cost of a single quarter is lower than expected, resulting in a lower net profit.
There has been a revival of growth. So far, changes in mixed ownership of shareholders in companies have landed, market-based incentives and so forth are expected to be strong, and the company’s strategic direction is oriented towards medicine and medicine. We expect that the company’s fundamentals will continue to recover, looking at its performance growth.
• Optimization mechanisms after land transformation, with a clear strategic direction. 1) The mix continues to deepen, with strategic synergies. The shareholder structure of the holding stock is “45% in white: 45% in Xinhua and 10% in Jiangsu” and is expected to promote a more market-based governance and decision-making mechanism for companies.
Initiation of the internal reform process with a strong expectation of future staff motivation; (2) introduction of the strategic direction of medical + medicine, targeting of emerging areas such as “medical materials science, medical devices, slow-disease management”, and the introduction of funds from the pre-modification replenishment also contribute to the expansion of the group's incremental operations such as medical care, instruments, etc.; and Xinhuadu, fish.
Jumping medicine may provide industrial capital support for companies to try new areas of business, such as solarization, non-pharmaceuticals for bone injuries, etc.; 3) branding of drug leaders, leading the big health layout industry.a, long-term good corporate medicine, industry growth, and competition in the white drug market have clearly led to a higher market share in the area of generic medicine.
The expansion of the market has also led to an acceleration of income growth; b. the rapid growth in the performance of the Ministry of Chinese Drug Resources, which has been marked by a number of well-established farms and new business models such as “o2o” are expected to become new profitable growth points for companies in the future; c. the rapid growth of large healthy businesses.
The development of a healthy and whole set-up of goods and products, and the diversification of groups, have made it possible to look forward to the future, with a strong partnership between Xinhua and Xinhua.
"Bought-in" ratings are maintained by catalysts such as product price increases, performance growth, incentives, and outreach.
Yunnan Pharmacy (000538); Re-innovation throughout the year, with better cost control over the period (2017-04-23) No direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or observations in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.