Souther Air (600029) Transport q1 gain/loss, growth potential from inbound tourism
The Māori rate has been positive; in the first quarter of 2024, the net profit to the mother was 756 million yuan, reversing the loss.) By 24 years, the industry had maintained its leading position. 3) Since this year, there has been a steady increase in the number of arrivals, which is 209 per cent longer than the same period last year and 61 per cent higher than the same period in 2019, considering the company's route layout along the "one-way" route.
• China’s annual passenger traffic is the largest. South Air is the most developed and annual passenger-carrying airline in China. In 2023, the number of company passengers and the volume of mail and mail traffic, respectively, accounted for China’s civil aviation market.
By the end of March 2024, the company had operated 917 aircraft, and the Chinese civil aviation sector: from recovery to natural growth. In 2024, with the overall liberalization of travel policies and the gradual normalization of economic activity in the country, the civil aviation sector continued to recover, with the completion of a total transport week in January-March.
The volume was 34.93 billion tons, exceeding the same level in 2019 by 12.93 per cent. Flight arrivals in January-March 2024, 97.33 per cent, and industrial transport production and transport efficiency were largely restored to 2019 levels.
1. South Air (600029): accumulated in the first three quarters
In the case of China's China Air, China's East China and Sea Navigation Holdings, which are closer to China, a comparison of the company's 24-year profile: China's single largest passenger carrier, China Southern Airlines, Ltd., with its headquarters in Guangzhou.
On February 1, 1991, the company was officially inaugurated, marked by blue vertical tailings with red wood cotton, and is the most developed and annual passenger carrier in China. South Air is committed to building two integrated international aviation hubs in Guangzhou and Beijing. In Guangzhou, the “cantonroute” has been built steadily, promoting Guangzhou to become the mainland China.
In Beijing, as the largest base carrier at the Beijing International Airport, the largest aircraft hangar in Asia, the largest operating control centre in Asia, and the Aeronautic Food Production Base. In 2023, the company's share in the airport was raised to 11.8%, with a large domestic market share in the Great Happiness.
In 2023, the company won the World Brand Laboratory's five-star airline diamond award (the only domestic airline to receive this award) and for six consecutive years, it received the annual "Best Airlines Award" for Civil Aviation Passenger Services Assessment (capse).
In 2023, the company’s main additional routes or destinations included Sinakawa-Shenyang, Shenzhen-Sivian-Sixian, Harbin-Chansha-Sa-Sah.
At the same time, there are several international routes, such as Kunming, Dalian-Qingjia-Sangtao, Chongqing-Jungzhou-Dalian, Urumqi-Kunming, Tianjin-Sangtao, Beijing Dalian/Dang Lian/Kang Guangzhou/Harbin/Shangyang Shanghai/Shangyang-Shangsaka, Chongqing-Kuala Lumpur, Beijing Da Hing-Doha, Guangzhou/Hsing-Hun-Hun-Hong, etc.
By the end of March 2024, the equity of the company stood at $18.121 billion, the South China Air Group Ltd. held 66.52 per cent of the company ' s stockholdings by direct and interlocking means, as well as shareholders in the company; and the State Assets Supervisory Board of the State Council held 68.67 per cent of the South China Shipping Group ' s shareholdings and was the actual controller of the company.
The company directly or indirectly controls Xinmen Air, Chongqing Air, Henan Air, Guizhou Air, Pearl Sea Air, Kuoji Air, Hebei Air, Jiangxi Air, South Shipping 9 passengers, cargo and cargo carriers, and participates in Sichuan Air; has 18 branches in Xinjiang, North, Beijing, Shenzhen, Shanghai and 2 bases in Namyang, Fuoshan; 21 locations in Hangzhou, Nanjing, Xinning, etc.
Internal Affairs Department, 52 offshore departments in Los Angeles, New York, London, Paris, etc. Figure 2: Corporate equity structure (as at the end of March 2024) 2
Since 2020, public health events have had a severe impact on the development of the air transport industry, the population ' s willingness to travel and the fact that most air transport enterprises in the country have been operating at a constant loss. Since 2023, the country ' s civil aviation sector has been recovering steadily as a result of the overall liberalization of travel policies and the gradual normalization of domestic economic activity, with a total transport turnover of 34.93 billion dollars in January-March 2024.
Tons of land, exceeding 12.93 per cent of the same level in 2019; air traffic efficiency: 98.09 per cent and 97.33 per cent of the year-wide utilization of civil aircraft in January-March 2024; industrial transport production and transport efficiency largely recovered to 2019; passenger traffic performance increased significantly from January-March 2024, exceeding the same level in the same period in 2019.
11.47 per cent, but the domestic and international markets have been fragmented. On the domestic market, domestic routes have recovered with the effective release of the backlog of travel needs, with passenger turnover exceeding 20.2 per cent in the same period in 2019, of which the demand for family tourism between July and August 2023 contributed to a 15 per cent increase in passenger turnover during the month compared to 2019.
Since late August of the year, the volume of international passenger flights has stabilized at over 50 per cent in 2019 and passenger turnover has increased significantly over the same time, but the recovery of the international passenger market has lagged significantly behind the domestic market, owing to geopolitical, right-to-air negotiations and negative public opinion, with international passenger traffic returning to only 76.84 per cent of the same period in 2019 in January-March 2024.
Looking ahead, domestic public business trips will remain a necessity, and spring and other traditional festivals will catalyse large numbers of family visits and travel needs, and the domestic passenger market is expected to sustain growth; in international passenger transport, visa-free policies between China and the South-East Asia are frequent, along with concerns over negative developments in North and South-East Asia, such as in Myanmar and Thailand, and take-off tourism, business travel needs or one.
Guided by the high-quality development requirements of the civil aviation industry, the rate of introduction of our main air carriers slowed to 3 per cent during the “14th Five-Year” period. In 2020-2022, China’s combined fleet growth rates of 2.53 per cent and China’s fleet of aircraft of 1.34 per cent, respectively, slowed down the rate of introduction and the volume of air transport supply will contract, and the intensity of competition in the industry is expected to decrease.
With regard to the supply of passengers, following the liberalization of the 2023 policy, the supply of passenger flights has recovered rapidly, and the three major air traffic asks have increased significantly: Southern Air, China State Air, and China's operational passenger kilometres have returned to 91.92 per cent, 101.64 per cent and 90.64 per cent, respectively, of the same period in 2019.
At this level, domestic and regional passenger supply recovery rates were more than 110 per cent, higher than the recovery levels of domestic and regional rpk during the same period, and there was oversupply of domestic transport capacity; international routes were subject to right-to-air negotiations, etc. After the resumption of international flights, international passenger supply recovery rates were 45.25 per cent, 43.62 per cent and 45.25 per cent respectively for South, China and East China, respectively.
43.77 per cent of international passenger traffic resumed largely in parallel with the same period, with a slight shortfall in supply. With the current international flow of international routes, excess domestic capacity will return to the international market and its structure will be significantly optimized.3 Southern aviation: to improve the quality of its operations and focus on strong ownership.
In 2023, with the gradual recovery of production operations, Souther passenger turnover rose significantly over the same period, with air passenger revenue rising significantly, leading to a growth of 83.70 per cent in corporate gross operating income over the same year; operating costs increased by 39.41 per cent over the same period, less rapidly than operating revenue, mainly due to higher fixed costs, such as depreciation, in the air transport industry; total corporate profits increased significantly over the same period, but were invested
In January-March 2024, corporate gross operating income increased by 30.97 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother increased by $756 million, reversing the loss. In 2023, company passengers transported more than 140 million times, compared with 127.03 per cent in the brigade.
In 2023, the cost of company-owned operations rose by 39.52% in 2023, mainly because of the rise in the price of oil and the gradual resumption of production operations.
The combined effect of the increase in the volume of refuelling, aircraft landings, etc., has been an increase in the cost of aviation oil and landing fees. According to the 23-year-old report, annual corporate exchange losses of $687 million, compared to $3.619 billion in the previous year, have had less effect on the financial costs of the change in the exchange rate of the United States dollar against the renminbi.
During the same period, the company’s fair value was valued at $874 million, mainly as a transferable derivative, which recognized a fair value change gain of $801 million. In 2023, the company lost more than its investment, mainly 2,344 million from the Sichuan aviation investment.
Looking ahead, companies will aim to maximize their total marginal contributions, increase their domestic market capacity and improve the quality of international airline-line earnings. According to the International Air Association, the global aviation industry is expected to continue to grow in 2024, and the aviation industry is expected to grow in its entirety.
The annual income level and the number of global travellers are expected to continue to grow. According to data on airline tickets, there has been a steady increase in the number of arrivals since this year, from 209% in the same period last year to 61% in the same period in 2019.
According to China's Inbound Tourism Markets Report 2024, Asia, as a traditional major force, is leading the climate index, and as China's international influence grows in “one way” countries and regions, South-East Asia and South-East Asia and South-East Asia.
Countries like Asia and West Asia still have better markets to tap into, especially in South-East Asia. With the revival of China’s entry tourism market, and the promotion of favourable policies, including measures to facilitate the arrival of foreign nationals in China, visa-free agreements with many countries, it is expected that the entry tourism market will continue to warm.
The company is expected to benefit fully from the route layout along the route “and its status as the main air carrier” Scenario 3: The cost of aircraft rental and depreciation is mainly related to the size of the company's fleet: the cost of landing and landing and of airfield services, the cost of labour, maintenance, the cost of food and meals for the airline, the cost of the civil aviation authority and the company's operation.
Taking into account the company’s operating model and market positioning, take closer shares from China’s State Airlines, China’s East China Airlines, and China’s Sea Navigation Holdings as dollars, and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Macroeconomic cycle volatility risk: developments in the civil aviation sector are closely linked to economic cycle fluctuations.
Downstream demand consists mainly of business, trade, tourism, etc., which is vulnerable to fluctuations in the economic cycle. On the other hand, the civil aviation sector is vulnerable to interest rates and exchange rate fluctuations due to higher general asset-liability rates and higher foreign-currency liabilities; and, on the other hand, the cost of crude oil as one of the major costs of aviation operations, and the volatility of crude oil prices affects corporate costs.
The industry is highly affected by fluctuations in the economic cycle. Risks of changes in policy in the aviation sector: the China Civil Aviation Authority, in its industrial supervision, deals with the safety standards of airline operations, the management of clearance for open rights of navigation, the management of operating licences for the legitimate operation of airlines, aircraft procurement and leasing, and the management of aviation personnel
Changes in aviation policy in the areas of air traffic management, domestic and international route layout, flight timing, etc. will have an impact on the company’s future growth in new, encrypted routes and fleet expansion. Moreover, as aircraft are purchased and leased with the approval of the National Development Commission and the Civil Aviation Authority, the company’s fleet expansion plans will also be subject to the State’s regulatory approach to the civil aviation industry.
Risks from fluctuations in the price of aviation oil: The oil is one of the major components of airline production costs, and fluctuations in the price of the oil market have a greater impact on airline production costs and hence on airline profitability. Risks from exchange rate fluctuations: some of the company’s aircraft purchases and procurement of shipping materials are denominated mainly in United States dollars and will be affected by exchange rate fluctuations.
In the event of large fluctuations in the RMB exchange rate, exchange gains and losses will arise, resulting in no direct or indirect compensation for the financial position and business performance of the company, either for reasons other than, or for reasons other than, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.