The performance in 2021 was in line with expectations, with steady long-term growth.
2021 year-round performance meets expectations, with a smooth start in 2022: total corporate income for year-round, brand structure optimized, brand value continuously highlighted: sub-operational, income of 49.1 billion for five-fruit liquid products, incremental contribution, overall structural lift-up-led tonnage price increase of about 7.4 per cent compared to year-on-year; alcohol series generated revenue of 12.6 billion
The sum, equal to +50.7 per cent, represents an increase of 15.3 per cent to 152.6 kilotons, resulting in the elimination of 7 brands, 509 products and the successful introduction of new products such as the spring of the five grains, the sharps of 1911 and the Tiger Year's wine, with a structural improvement of 30.7 per cent in the average ton price, and a series of wine products that have focused on five grains in recent years by insisting on a "triple " phase.
The four national strategic brand strategies of Spring, Five Food Springs, Five Food Specialties, and Stewardship have proved to be effective, with success in rejuvenating and rapidly increasing prices after years of deep-skinned branding. The bottom adjustment combined cost is $969, with an expected 5.3% increase in prices throughout the year in 2022, and the classic five-food fluids continue to grow.
Shaping brand scarcity and raising factory prices to 1599, up 14.3% over the same period the previous year, and setting the basis for a year-long increase in prices as a basis for performance. The recent outbreak in local parts of the country has caused some perturbation with the consumption scene and end-marketing, but given the low-season season of white alcohol consumption in March-April, the annual impact is relatively limited.
Food and liquid product operations are expected to maintain a high price. The branding of the fragrant series of wines has achieved a phased outcome and is not expected to continue to accelerate the concentration of self-employed, medium-priced, or dominant brands, subsequent product and channel performance will continue to be released.
Business reforms have continued to improve, and long-term performance has been on the right track: recent management proactive stoppages across the country \triangleright \triangleright
In the long run, companies continue to make branding a central goal, strengthen consumer opinion leaders and consumer circles, and intensify their deep reforms of marketing systems, long-term sustainable development planning is clear, business reforms are beginning to yield significant results, and future brand values are expected to accelerate.
On the channel, as companies gradually increase their overall control over shipments, enhance market price inspections, and market low-price buy-backs, it is expected that future market-channel price control and profit security will also become apparent, and that corporate brand values, terminal prices, and market confidence are expected to grow into a virtuous circle that will lead to companies and distributors.
Longer-term co-winners. So we're looking at the ability of companies to continue to improve their business performance, with a projected 2022 - key risk: 1) food security; 2) price hikes below expectations; 3) the impact of the epidemic exceeding expectations.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd.
This report is prepared by Shanghai First Securities Company Ltd. (“Shanghai I”) for general review by institutional investors only.
No material, content or hard copy shall be copied, reproduced, quoted, altered, transferred, transmitted or distributed to any other person in any way. The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided for your information only, and do not constitute an offer or offer to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments, or an offer or offer thereof. You may not rely on anything in this report for any investment decision.
You shall make your own independent investment decisions, taking into account, inter alia, your own investment objectives, risk assessment, financial and tax status. Sex or correctness does not make any explicit or implied statement or assurance.