National gold foliage cuities Centre for Upgrade and Recreational Studies
On May 27, the company held its 21-year annual stockholders meeting. 1) At the end of performance, the company emphasizes 22 years of double-digit growth, with a sound backbone. 2) At the end of the product, catch a steady price increase of P5
It's got four strategic brands in a series of wines, and it's a change in the grid. The stage counters are still in motion, and the flexibility to pay back has accelerated.
In terms of returns, there are rumours that some parts of the market will be able to pay back for the entire year by the end of June, after a large number of businesses have used paper.
With full annual payments, we know that q2 returns are in progress, but there is a flexible adjustment to the return policy, 2. Successful collection in 21, valuation repair with space-based, partially channeled cash flow pressure to delay completion of the full year ' s plan and increase in the number of small and medium-sized businesses in the south-west region, etc.
Financial company paper support and enforcement, where financing costs are within a reasonable range. We expect that by the end of the second quarter, the company will have made a 60 per cent return at the end of the second quarter, but the pace of delivery is still lagging, though it is still slow.
In May, the ring was faster than the shipment, but the virtuous development thinking did not push the channel and did not shake the actual channel base of 2.21q3, with a focus on long-term high-quality, quantitatively balanced counter-priced targets.
More resilient, focusing on new growth curves in the medium to long term. According to the rum headlines, the company’s major shareholders, 5. “Performance is what is expected, and the volume is on track,” would reveal that 50% of the target had been achieved by the end of April, 11 districts were on the rise, and 2 regions were on the move.
It is expected that there will be a drop in double-digit sales so far in Shanghai at the beginning of the year, and that the market for low marriages in Jiang Zing will be disturbed, and the logo will be relatively excellent. In the short term, post-epidemic repairs are expected to result in a recovery period for the next stage of sexual demand, and the company will increase its efforts to warm profits under the strategy, the classic five-food fluids will be run by the quota system, and the brand will be able to add new contributions.
A long curve. The current valuation has a high security margin and sufficient upward elasticity. Liu Yutao@gjzq.com.cn
The macroeconomic downside risk, the risk of recurring outbreaks, the channels are not as clear as expected, food safety problems, and the relevant report rating ratios are analysed in the market, and then the final rating is calculated on average, as an average market investment.