In the evening of 29 May 2022, the five grain fluids took place in the city of Yibin, Sichuan province, in 2021.
• Medium- and long-term targets remain unchanged, with improvements expected in the second quarter on a monthly basis
Over 100 billion; working to build product excellence, brand excellence, innovation leadership, and governance of the world’s modern world’s leading alcohol companies. Shareholding companies achieve the 2118 Development Goal: 1) original wine production capacity of 200,000 tons; 2) key alcohol storage capacity of 1 million tons;
Business objectives: Gross operating income continues to grow at a steady double-digit rate. The epidemic has affected the white wine plate, and the company has made steady progress across the country in January-April, reaching more than 50% of the target for sales and 50% in the east of the country.
We believe that with Shanghai’s return to the market in an orderly fashion, recovery is expected to accelerate throughout the country, and improvements in the second quarter are expected to take place month by month. The productive capacity continues to build on its roots, and it continues to build on its strengths.
In recent years, the company has accelerated the construction of a number of projects, which have continued to be short and long-formed. The projects have continued to be used, including the production of alcohol (100,000 tons of eco-breeding).
Liquor Phase Construction, Campus Beverage Refinery Rehabilitation Project, etc., Auxiliary Productive Capacity Building (Purpose Grain Renovation Project, Refinery Storage Project, Smart Packing Stores One-Short Assessment Report on Five Grains (000858) Events: New Management
After the completion of the project as a whole, it is expected that the company's brewing capacity will increase from 100,000 to 100,000 to 100,000 people, with active and effective communication — 2022-03-13 tons to 200,000 tons, composition from 100,000 to 200,000 tons, and storage capacity from 100,000 tons to 200,000 tons.
The five-food fluids (000858) incident assessment report: 2021, a forward-looking layout to protect the company against 1455 targets.
The basic objective of the eighth-generation five-generation food fluids is to jog, increase steadily, and move towards a steady increase in wholesale prices. Companies use digital marketing, 15 silos, and rob.
By making up for the consumer, by phasing out the caterer ' s development, by sustaining the new zero sales and high-end purchases and by organizing the battle zone masters, first-line marketing teams are fully equipped to balance the price.
Strong model markets, enhanced terminal construction, expansion of power suppliers and ka channels, and enhanced consumer culture have resulted in a shift in sales from an increase in sinks to a structural increase. Classic five-food fluids are currently in the process of product import, mainly in high-end consumer-breeding (through
One big, one small position achieved) and brand influence raised (through participation in influential activities and advertising in the core business circles, core areas, core media)  Continuing steady progress in 2022, with four main points of view for the future
In 2022, the company will continue to do its marketing work, maintain its steady and steady work, maintain its overall focus on alcohol as a major player, continue to push for new and innovative transformations, further advance the long-term approach to short-boarding and long-term work, and create a new one.
Keeping high-quality upgrading at its core, accelerating the construction of new supplier relationships, enhancing supply chain stability, channel transformation, market expectations, and ensuring that new developments are across the board and on track.
The future company has four main points of view: first, the main brand of the "1+3" product system remains the same, and it continues to advance its strategy of promoting the classic five-food fluids. Second, on the channel side, it continues to promote the channel of group purchasing.
State, Shenzhen, Chengdu, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Chengzhou, 8 highland markets and 14 provincial priority markets.
Over 20 billion yuan in sales: the top target is $10 billion, five ol and five groceries, and the spring target is $5 billion, and the five quettoric target is $2 billion. Fourth, the current price of the huts is steady at over 2,500 dollars, and the price of the five hydrates in 2022 is stable at 1,000 dollars.
Not much, and it is hoped that the prices will continue to rise at a higher level, with a higher degree of certainty of performance. We believe that companies have taken a number of steps in recent years to reform and improve brands, products, prices, channels, etc., with significant results and higher market recognition.
The valuation is undervalued, the quarterly report continues to grow steadily, and it is hoped that repairs will be accelerated. My macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic is slowing consumption, the classic five-food fluids are growing less than expected, the prices are falling short of expectations, and the group purchases are growing less than expected.
Sunshan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, comprehensive coverage of food and beverage industry, clustering, in-depth study of white wine industry, etc.
Short-term potential shares; thinking about white wine plates, with deep market-based thinking and insight into Soo's wine. What's the word: Shandong University, Bachelor of Law, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, has a double master of law and economics that reflects my research?
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is used only by customers of Chinese securities.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.