A double-digit start and a steady increase in profitability has been achieved. 21q4, the company collected $16.488 billion, equal to \triangleright + 11.2%, the mother ' s net profit of $6.05 billion, equal to +11.83%, which corresponds to the performance forecast.
At the beginning of the forty-fifth and the beginning of the 2022 season, the company maintained a steady double-digit growth, followed by a high-quality roll-out, allowing more than 30 million large businesses to pay on the currency bill, giving them a certain cost advantage of hundreds of millions of yuan, the highest level in history, precisely because of the increase in receivables and the quarterly cash flow statement.
The sales return fell, and the contractual liability was at its lowest level in nearly three years. The price of the five grains rose slightly, the series of wines rose by 10 billion. In 2021, the five grains and the series were collected \triangleright
The price increases will contribute about 5 percentage points, and the classic five-food fluids will be revalued in the adjustment process. Although short-term demand is not enough in the face of the epidemic, the effects of the company's measures on channel price control and profit growth will be evident, and the five-food fluids will increase without change, and a series of wines will be on the product.
Five grain fluids (000858.sz): The chances of a collapse continue to be strong on the basis of the return of card values and structural optimization.
In the East, West, Central, North and South markets, the company achieved revenues of $18.8 billion and $17 billion respectively (000858.sz): 21.1 per cent of the high quality and robustness, with the Eastern market maintaining a 30 per cent + or more acceleration for the second year in a row, with five grain fluids and a series of liquor.
Strong performance, mainly in the North, South and Central markets, where the prevalence of the epidemic was lower during the same period of the previous year, was good and higher in the current reporting period. The five-food fluids dropped significantly in the western market, from -21.73 per cent in 2021 to -9.64 pct to 22.74 per cent in sales, with a series of wines divided by nearly half in the west.
In addition to the average growth in the sector, the growth in the East and Central markets has nearly doubled, and the performance of the market has been impressive.
There is a net increase of 36, 12, 20, 14 and 11 in the East, West, Central, North and South markets, and a rise of 9th House, 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing.
A net increase of 87 liquor dealers in the series. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: in 2022, the company ' s business goal was to continue with two of its total operating income \triangleright
A steady growth in numbers, consistent with the overall thrust of the effort, and looking for space for price increases. We expect risk factors: the risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; the risk of recurring epidemics \triangleright
In Shenzhen, the National Commission for Land Planning conducted a study on the evaluation of the real estate tax base (National Social Fund) focusing on macro, real estate, and fiscal issues.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.