Investment rating: buying (for the first time) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The company is a conglomerate of new-energy automobiles. Eight years of new energy research q1 has made a profit. The company’s core product has been focused on the aito question line, surrounding the 250,000-600 million limo price belt, with a focus on the suv type of vehicle at the level of b/c/d.
The core business focus is 25-600 million luxuries of the suv market, most of which are traditional product lines and are shrinking strategically, with the new product being the Blue Power Series.
The market of $40 million to $600,000, with the company launching the flagship model m9 and setting up a new logo for the limo. The company’s price compared to the trend of 300 miles deep, with its own capacity for R & D and governance, and with its full capacity for soft/hard power.
The company is more autonomous in power-driven, power-controlled research and development, and has launched a new generation of magic platforms. Its modern management is efficient, and its mechanisms are flexible in increasing corporate motivation.
Marketing strategy, ipd consultancy, supply chain management and resource pool, and product manager functions.
The scale effect and product structure are optimized to increase corporate profitability; and the core products are designed, produced, and made more efficient and profitable. New car sales are below expectations, risks in the car industry, and cost controls are not as high as expected.
1.1 The company develops a new energy vehicle business based on a model of cross-border cooperation The company is an integrated manufacturing enterprise with a new energy vehicle as its main business. The company was established in 1986 and its first major business was electrical springs, mini-car mats, etc.: a joint venture with East Wind was established in 2003 to formally enter the military.
Car Industry: Launched in 2007 of Chongqing Xiaokang Motors Group Ltd.: Released in 2014 of windlight 360. This is an important milestone for East Xiaoqing in a passenger vehicle; in 2020, the company and China jointly launched the Sileslaw sf5; by the end of 2023, the M5, m7, m9aito brand model had been published successively
The company’s main business can be divided into two main areas: full-car operations, products, traditional and new-energy vehicle models, which include m5, m7, m9, small east wind, Conec 3611, ec35, windlight 380, etc., and supply chain operations.
The company has a stable equity structure. The company effectively controls Zhang Xinghai holds 50% of Chongqing Xiaokang Holdings Ltd. and indirectly holds 13.37% of Cyrus's shares through Chongqing Xing Xiaoqing Holdings Ltd. and Chongqing Jing's AutoIndustries Ltd. The East Wind Motors Group Ltd. is the second largest shareholder, holding 21.72% of Cyrus's shares, corporate control.
Figure 3 Corporate equity structure. Corporate affiliates are well structured and managed. Major subsidiaries include Chongqing Newcombs International Holdings Ltd., Julx Motors Ltd., Chongqing Kokang Power Ltd. and Chongqing Kokang Motors Services.
The main operations include general machinery, the sale of electronics, the development, production, sale, import and export of goods and technology, category II automobile maintenance and advisory services, and investment operations.
Corporate management is stable and has many years of experience in working together. Corporate management cores are closely connected to actual control, and the top team structure is stable.
Figure 5 Senior Inspector General (part) After eight years of new energy research and development and three years of cross-border cooperation, the company experienced significant growth in q4 in 2023, with recalcitrant effects and a decline in corporate operating income; as the effect of the new energy transformation of the company gradually became apparent, 2021
Given the company ' s continued high investment in new energy and its boldness in cross-border commercial cooperation, the public administration suffered a significant loss in 2020-2023, and with the company ' s core aito series of hot sales, the company became a new pole in the new energy luxury car market and gradually moved towards business success, with a net return of $202q1 to its net profit of $22 million.
Figure 6 Revenue from business in recent years (millions of yuan) Automobile operations have been the main business, with a significant increase in the share of offshore operations over the past five years. In the company’s product operating income structure, automobile operations accounted for more than 90%, with 73% of the contribution of new energy vehicles in 2022, followed by fuel cars.
The scale effect, efficiency enhancement, innovative design, and the improvement of the Luxury car bonus company ' s Māori ratio, which controls the cost of active acquisition, have been under control since 2021, with the gradual release of new energy vehicles, the company ' s Māori ratio and the company ' s precision control over model design and production processes, the Luxury car profit dividend began to emerge in 2024.
The Māori rate is 21.51% in a quarter. In terms of cost rates, the company has a high sales cost, which has begun to decline with the effect of scale, in addition to the special business model of cross-border cooperation during the high-growth phase of its operations; the company has an excellent level of governance, and the management cost rate has been consistently reduced, with a low administrative cost of q1 to 1.7% in 2024.
The three-fee rate for company figure 12 in recent years, the Māori rate for company 11, has been consistently and rapidly increasing in R&D innovation, R&D costs and R&D personnel in recent years.
q1 companies spend 954 million yuan in single-quarter R&D, more than half of the total R&D cost of 23 years. Companies increase their R&D investment in new energy, whole vehicles and specialized products, including platform architecture, whole vehicle integration, power cell systems, smart networks, autopilot, chassis, etc.
The cash flow improved to provide companies with a lasting life in the competition for a new energy track, and to help companies to develop their future high-quality performance.
1.3 With the new energy transformation and high-end upgrading of the entire vehicle operation, the company's early deployment and extensive product lines, the current flag-loading pattern has been focused on the aito question line around the 250,000-600,000 limo price belt, with a focus on the suv type of the company b/c/d level.
With a joint venture with the East Wind Company, we started a full-scale operation, which, over the years, led to the creation of a line of commercial car products, represented by Ruiji, a line of commercial car products, and a line of car products, represented by the East Wind. Following the company’s advance in new energy sources and cross-border cooperation, the launch of the aito question line was well received.
The Division’s follow-up product strategy will also focus on $2.5-600 million in luxurious suv. Quakers publish the delivery-led new energy vehicle sales to climb. Quakers’ release and delivery of m5 at the end of the 21st and beginning of the 22nd years have seen a rapid rise in new energy vehicle sales and reached a peak of 71.89% in August 2022.
In September 2023, M7 of the New Enquiry World was released, after a huge increase in sales in October of the same year, new energy vehicles performed robustly. In late 2023, the launch of the flagship model M9 was followed by interest, with a cumulative order of over 80,000, followed by a delivery of more than M9 than is expected.
Figure 17 Production (car) Three smart factories provide protection for products delivered. The two rivers and Phoenix smart factories are built according to industry's 4.0 standard and are responsible for the delivery of m5 and m7 respectively, with an annual capacity of about 150,000 vehicles.
The plant's critical process was automated at 100%, and was evaluated as a "lighthouse plant" in Chongqing in 2021. The Cyrus superintellectual factory, which was launched in February 2024, is currently primarily responsible for the delivery of m9, with an existing capacity of 150,000 and a planned capacity of 400,000. The Cyrus superintellectual plant occupies approximately 2,000 acres, making it a fully-platform vehicle.
In the super-intellectual factory park, core suppliers like Ninder, Wen Chan and others set up production lines to ensure a secure supply chain and effectively save logistics costs. The company’s real capacity has a strong potential, with double capacity being released in double shifts, and Phoenix’s plant is almost half the way.
The year’s intensive delivery period is robust, operating on a double-shift basis, with nearly 70,000 vehicles delivered in one quarter. With the full release of capacity, it is expected that the two rivers and Phoenix plants will each produce 300,000 vehicles per year, the super-plant capacity is expected to be 700,000, and the company’s combined luxury vehicle capacity is expected to reach 1.3 million.
The Cyrus Smart Plant is based on digitization, intelligence, and networking of things. The Cyrus Smart Plant uses advanced manufacturing operations management systems and manufacturing processes to quickly and accurately customize production in real-time online responses. The plant enforces strict product control standards, giving high-level intellectual power for high-quality delivery.
Chart 20 Carys Smart Plants with sufficient capacity, stable supply chains, and a strong delivery potential for super-plants, gradually shortening the delivery time for new models from m5 to m9.
m7 delivery time has been reduced to 51 days and m9 delivery time has continued to be reduced to 40 days.
21.2-400,000: m5/m7 of the dower, with strong product strength forming the mooring river. Figure 22.2-400 million for car sales (millions). Figure 23.2-400 million for car sales.
The ratio of 200-400,000 dollars to the share of new energy vehicles has gradually increased, with wide penetration space. The price of $200,000 to 400,000 dollars has remained dominated by traditional fuel vehicles, but the volume of new energy vehicles has increased from 209,000 in 2018 to 2.41 million in 2023, from 5.1 per cent to 38.9 per cent.
Figure 24.2-400 million worth of new energy vehicles, relative trends (millions) Figure 252-400 million worth of autonomous brand sales, relative trends (millions)
The price of the suv is 55%, followed by the sedan 38%, and mpv only 7%. In the suv, the b-student is 52.37%, followed by the a-square, which is around 20-400,000 yuan, and the Cyrus Series is based mainly on Totom5/m7 b/c suv, 23 years.
The sales of the 10,000-dollar track are ranked seventh in total, and the sales of the suv are ranked third. The names of the first five years of the year 23 were large, Toyota, Tesla, Honda, Biadei, or 50.15%. Of these, 839.3 million, or 1.5%, were sold by the general public. In the first quarter of 2024, the aito series had entered the 200-400,000-dollar track.
Ten major brands, in the suv category, are sold after the general population and Tesla. Of the second-stage new energy sub-suv between $200,000 and 400,000, Teslamodery has a significant advantage in sales, and the company ' s second-tier m5 has much room for growth. In the first quarter of 2024, the second-tier energy sub-supplier is 200,000-400,000 dollars.
A total of 217,000 retail sales were made, of which Teslamodely sold 10.26 million, or nearly half of the total. Questioned. Question. Question. Question. Question. Question. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q.
The driving system and sales are expected to improve significantly.
During the 19th week of 24 years, from 6 May to 12 May, a total of 392 m5 sales were expected to increase significantly. On 15 May, the new item m5 opened a large national delivery.
New item m5 has been designed for family integration, with all the smart driving systems installed, and the price has gone further than the old ones. The new item m5 has been redesigned, and it is younger and more moving. On configuration, the main game and the driving, the structure and chassis are solid.
The top incremental version is powered by a 100-km acceleration of 4.3 seconds. The new item m5 is a high-grade smart drive, and the price is more competitive than the old one.
I. In the first quarter of 2024, a total of 18.14 million large new energy suvs were sold out of a total of 200,000 to 400,000, with a total of 7.49 million, or 41.3 per cent, sold in m7, reflecting a fall in weekly sales of company-type products, but still at a high level.m July sales, after re-prioritized in September 23, are still at a high level.
A significant increase, reaching a high of 313,000 in the recent month in January of the 24th year. M7 weekly sales have recently declined with the large-scale delivery of m9, but have also remained at a high level in industries of around 2,300 per week. m7 TDW has prepared a new version of the vehicle, which will be subject to further refinancing, and sales are expected to return to higher levels.
In April of 24, the details of the m7 conversion vehicle were posted on the Ministry of Information and Communications website, and the revised m7 was based on an integrated familial design that could be fitted with a smaller air-engineer grid. On May 16, in Weibo, the remaining easter said that the m7 was about to be released and the follow-up officer announced that the new m7 would be released on May 31st.
Quick succession, hope to dig up new orders again and restore m7 sales.
One hour ago, from Haaweipura70ultra, editor, and since the launch of the Quest 7 last September, more than 180,000 users have gained trust and recognition, won a new power car, made the biggest sales miracle. We want to keep grinding our product experience, causing the Quest 7
Suv, a national of the smart car era. Ask for a new version of the new m7 soon. Please vote this time to see which of the following upgrades are your most desirable? $22.4 million+: Flagship model m9, defining a new luxury car.
Year after year, the price of more than $400,000 increased continuously in size, from 1.1 million to 1.63 million, with market share.
Prices of over $400,000 with new energy vehicles have risen year by year, 67.6 per cent year by year in 2023, and sales of over $400,000 have continued to be dominated by traditional fuel vehicles, but sales of new energy vehicles have increased year by year, from over $42.4 million in 2018 to more than $42.4 million in new energy and fuel vehicles (millions)
In 2023, nearly half of the sales came from the vehicle class of Suv, Suv. The price was the highest 49% of the cars, and the annual sales were about 800,000, followed by cars at 36%, and mpv only 15% of the cars.
High, 62.67 per cent, with nearly half a million vehicles sold, followed by class C vehicles, with about 21.47 per cent, and class A vehicles, with a minimum of 0.13 per cent.
In 2023, the top five sales names were Audi, BMW, Benz, Buick, Ideas, and 73.26%. Of these, Audi sold 34.19 million, or 20.97%, followed by BMW, with 31,560 in 2023, or 19.36%.
In the first quarter of 24 years, the cumulative volume of delivery has exceeded Lugger’s full-blown vehicle-type delivery. Charts 45.4 million and over 2023 brand sales (millions) Chart 462.4q1.4 + brand sales and ratios (millions) in the whole product category Chart 472.4q1 + sales and ratios (millions) in the various brands.
Question area m9 as full-size d-suv, for $469.8 million-56.9 million, for 400,000, of which level c/d sells a total of 74.2 million. Question area m9 as full-sized d-suv, is very competitive at over $400,000.
Payment of 5,943 units and commissioning of 1,810 units, consisting of 7,753 units, which are already the third largest in class c/d suv above $400,000.
In April of 24th year, M9 was able to rapidly climb the slope, and the recent M9 weekly retail sales have been a significant leader in the competition. m9 entered a new round of large-scale deliveries in April, with weekly sales climbing from about 1,000 to about 3000 per week. The major competitions, BMWx 5, and the ideal 1.9 weekly sales, have recently stabilized at around 1500.m9.
To become the best sold suv at the current level of above $400,000 c/d. Chart 49m9 and the most recent monthly sales of the competition (car) Chart 5024 m9 and weekly sales of the competition (car)
On that day, in Weibo, the rest of the world announced that 136 days after the M9 was listed, there will be a cumulative breakthrough of 80,000. There will be plenty of orders in hand, and a build-up of further orders. It is expected that the next M9 will remain at its current delivery level for a longer period of time, and that the leadership of the m9 in the area of luxury cars will be further consolidated.
Figure 51 is posted on Twitter on May 14th, and published in Guangdong by Haaweipura 70ultra.
For 136 days only, the world's M9 has made a huge breakthrough of 80,000 cars, peaking at over half a million luxury cars in April, and refreshing China's Luxury Car Market sales record! Thank you very much for your support and trust!
Users of all orders that have not yet been produced can contact your sales consultant for reprogramming by 2400 hours on May 17.
While it benefits from the intellectualization of the system, such as high-level intelligent driving, smart car light, smart cabins, etc., it also comes from the sophisticated design of the vehicle in terms of safety, comfort and practicality, which allows it to take into account the commercial and household needs of high-end users.
The configuration and functionality of chart 52m9 (partly) is as follows: the traditional product line strategy has contracted, the blue power has assumed the responsibility of transitioning, the company's traditional product lines are small, the eastern wind is bright, the new energy layout is low at a price of less than $200,000.
As corporate strategies shift to new energy luxury cars, traditional product lines contract to varying degrees, reducing the inefficient consumption of public-sector resources. Sage’s new energy has been virtually stagnant in recent years, with a certain monthly sales going down again in December of 23 years.
Figure 53: New energy sales (car) Figure 54: Small trade (car) Figure 55: Wind sales (car)
The company launched a blue electronic brand in the new energy transition, with $150,000 and the following markets. In March 2023, the company launched a hybrid car blue power e5, and in November 2023, it launched a pure electricity blue power e3.
Five or seven layouts, 4760 mm super-long body and 2785 mm super-long axle range, with 90.63% space transformation in the vehicle;
Section 24e5 complements the more price-effective version, with a price range of $998,000 to $1228,000. Chart 56, Blue E5, with its appearance and interior e5, has an excellent ability to continue the voyage and make the system interconnected. The Blue E5 uses the Cyrus Group.
The de-i super-electrically-driven smart platform, with a combined range of 1,150 km and a full-time distance of up to 110 km, will be the first vehicle to be loaded on a depth of huaweihicar 3.0, bringing in an interconnected intelligent ecology for the user;
The Blue E5 chassis design uses advanced architecture and materials. The Blue E5 pre-suspension is a McPherson stand-alone, followed by a multi-string stand-up with manoeuvring stability and comfort. The chassis is soft and provides a more comfortable ride experience and a better hang-up for household use.
School is more suitable for home use. Chart 57, the chassis of blue power e5, the competition for blue electricity e5 is mainly the Biadezon Plus/Pro series, Long An Quen q05, etc., and the hottest competition.
By contrast, blue-electrified e5 products have a certain advantage in space and comfort. Blue-electrified e5s have an advantage in price and space in comparison with hybrid models at the same level or with price zones. e5 is highly configured for comfort, intelligently working with China, and the combined product still has an advantage in the highly competitive $10-15 million price band.
Figure 58, Blue E5 match, Blue E3 is the company ' s pure condensed suv, which was launched at the end of the 23rd year. e3 is currently selling two cars at a cost of $139.98 million and $145.58 million, each using 50 kw batteries and continuing 405 km, respectively.
The difference is the power/torque power. Blue e3 is currently not active on the market end. Chart 59, Blue e3 looks and interiors. Blue e3 is still on sale at 23.
Prices have been changed, and the current price of section 23 e3 does not have an advantage. The competition for the Biadian dollar series, the Broad Gas Eyan y series, was re-funded in 2024, and the price was further explored, and a more advanced version of the voyage is available. The current strategy of the Public Division is in the area of luxury cars, so that e3 has not yet been updated in time for a more priced version of the current paragraph.
e3 is not competitive with core competitions. Chart 60 is a comparison of blue electricity e3 competitions, the sales of blue electricity e5 are steadily climbing and e3 has not yet opened the market effectively.
The main pusher type is blue e5 and e5 has been steadily climbing since it was launched. e3 is not yet an effective market-oriented field, and sales are now negligible.
The blue electricity series has a high sales potential that needs to be explored. The blue electricity series is located in a market of 150,000 yuan and less, with a high space capacity. The 150,000 and less market is still in the process of replacing new energy vehicles, and the space for new ones is expanding.
This also means that participants in the race are being cleared. The current brand of the mixed, pure power suv market is Biadi for $150,000 and below, and there is a big difference between the blue power and the head car. The blue power e5 has a stronger product power and a high value ratio, and it is expected to dig further into the new energy market of 150,000 and below.
Figure 6323&2401 Blue electricity e3 sales (millions) Figure 6223&2401 Blue electricity e5 sales (millions) Core advantage: R & D and governance advantages, super-credited as enabling
3.1 With its own capacity in research and development and the future of the Cube Platform, the company has continued to increase its investment in new energy sources since the establishment of the New Energy Automobile Institute in 2014. By the end of 2023, the company had nearly 5,000 technology developers, leading new energy vehicles and departments.
Research and development for specialized products. The company has established a global research and development agency and has developed a systematic research and development capacity covering the areas of whole vehicle integration, power cell systems, smart network networks, etc.
The company released on December 2, 2021 a purely power-driven smart incremental platform with features such as high performance, low energy consumption, quiet and safety. The de-i platform supports a four-second phase zero-percent acceleration, with a long range of more than 1,000 kilometres.
Introduction of an industry-initiated smart incremental control system for multiple scene recognition to define the platform ' s control strategy with a landscape that automatically identifies 864 scenarios with a full-season adaptive capability.
Figure 65 Smart incremental control system Chart 67de-i Pure power-driven incremental platform Auto-research smart generator sets and optimal power combinations to enhance motor performance. Corporate integrated smart hair.
The power plant, which produces 3.2 degrees per litre of oil, is 20% higher than the industry. It uses a combination of gold power, which is highly integrated, small-sized, torque-like, and provides a more dynamic, less energy-consuming and quieter driving experience. The company has developed its own supply chain operations and accumulated a wealth of product technology.
A number of research and development institutions, such as the Technology Centre, have developed a comprehensive corporate R & D system.
For batteries, using sfmotors' original power-driven technology. Sf developed high-energy-density batteries with a patented system with a range of more than 500 km and a leading safety feature. A new generation of batteries can use intense light welding to fast connect a single body to a battery template to achieve rapid manufacture and significantly reduce user costs.
Chart 71sfmotors Battery system Electric control, companies use advanced and unique algorithms for electrical control. The electron controller uses algorithms that allow instantaneous torque control and better control performance optimization. At the same time, vehicle controllers provide four-wheel-drive torque output, secure.
The gateway will also provide vehicles with stable data protection barriers and air software (ota) upgrades. The company launched an autonomously developed magic platform at the Beijing International Car Fair in the spring of 2024, gaining market access, diversity, room for change, and wisdom to lead the four concepts, achieving industry leadership in a number of areas.
In terms of security, unlike the general concept of safety in the industry, the Cube platform takes into account the security of life and privacy, ensuring the security of client information in the age of smart network. The Cube platform can cover more than 150 scenes, bringing together more than 200 security functions; and, on the one hand, training aeb and so on to maintain active security for life.
On the other hand, using 9,000 tons of integrated pressure casting techniques, 12 use 2000mpa-type steel to ensure the passive safety of the body of the vehicle. For user information data, a “detection only, do not collect” strategy is used to ensure that the data is isolated between different account numbers and has vehicle and cloud data one-key clean-up features.
On the power side, the Cube platform is the only one in the industry. The Cube platform is at the same time compatible with the super-increment, pure electricity, and super-mixed power model, covering the current mainstream of the new energy power model.
In space, the Cube platform can cover cars, suvs, mpvs, and a single, multi-sized, multi-type vehicle design and production under the Cube platform. Under the Cube platform, the B-d class car, suv, mpv.
Co-line production can be achieved under a unified structure, and once the platform has reached a certain level of exit and sales, it can result in significant cost savings, increase efficiency at the end of the manufacturing and supply chain and, to some extent, increase the bargaining power of the mainframe plant over the supply chain.
On the basis of the current chassis configuration, it can be raised to a plate that is compatible with the bi-ctic air suspension and cdc shock absorbers, which can further boost the luxury of the next model of the vehicle.
In terms of intelligence, the Cube platform further enhances the power of the Cube car over the smart web network, with the electronic rack being further iterative and system applications continuously upgraded. The Cube platform’s central computing structure can support the ari numeracy of up to 1,000 tops. Optimizing the design of the electronic architecture by reducing costs, increasing efficiency and stability from hardware.
Ecu has been reduced by 50% and the use of beams has been reduced by 30%. Automobile systems end-of-life, fast-track ota upgrades, can now support more than 5,000 applications. 3.2 Mechanisms are flexible, good governance, and improve operational efficiency across the board.
The company issued a stock incentive scheme in August 2022, which provides incentives for up to 36 million stock options, or 2.40% of the total equity stock of the company. The scheme covers 3,254 employees, including directors, executives, core technical/business personnel, etc.
The remuneration of the company’s internal directors, internal supervisors, and senior managers is based on an annual base salary. The base annual salary is the annual base remuneration, which is primarily linked to the company’s business performance, i.e. based on the annual performance appraisal.
The company uses a digital manpower project, which, from the point of view of the manufacturing system, pulls all the manpower from factories, workshops, and production lines. The project can combine production plans with the workforce’s skills matrix, based on the available manual and employee skills matrix.
The digital manpower optimization model is divided into four parts. The static data (staff basic information, skill matrix) is provided.
Dynamic data (production plans, attendance, leave), rules of restraint (workshop restrictions, skills shifts), optimization of objectives (satisfaction of production plans, minimum costs, maximization of daily work for the same person), final output of monthly manpower plans, day schedules, training advice and manual intervention.
Figure 81 Digital Manpower Project 3.3 is hard-powering, technologically competitive, and China is building partnerships with automobile manufacturers through a variety of modes of cooperation.
The cooperation model is divided into three types: one is the provision of smart components, such as laser radars, seating systems, etc., or the provision of bottom hardware, algorithms and development platforms to allow vehicle companies to build solutions on their own; and the other is the provision of a full-scale solution, working with the depth of the vehicle, to provide a holistic solution for smart cars: the third is the Hong Ming Jian Bian model, which is providing a full-scale solution.
At the same time, the program was accompanied by product managers, ipd counselling, marketing strategies, supply chain management, marketing channels, long-term, close cooperation between companies and China, and three years of cross-border exploration of the smart selection model to achieve mutual benefit.
In December of the same year, the question world was launched as a new m7 and was widely recognized by the market and users. The two parties worked together to add a full-scale strategic cooperation agreement between the company and China, which means that, apart from being wise, China is a full-fledged enabler.
The parties will work together on a comprehensive strategy in the areas of new-energy car smart components products, new-energy motor platform technology development and applications, new-energy car charging networks, and the internationalization of new-energy cars. It is expected that the company’s own products will also be backed up with smart parts or solutions.
In the field of intellectuals, Haaweiads 2.0 achieves a no-map smart drive, asking for a large-scale update of the intelligent version of the series of cars in ota in March 24, and ads 2.0 has launched the industry’s first-ever laser integration god network.
The accuracy of barrier identification has been improved to enable vehicles to travel safely in complex traffic scenes. On the basis of multisensor integration, combined with high-performance smart driving platforms and the humanization of intellectual driving algorithms, the high-level intellectual driving system of China has significantly improved functionality in urban areas, high-speeds, parking, etc.
In addition to intelligent driving, the question community is carrying a self-researched huaweidats system, which enhances the driving comfort and continuity of the vehicle. By dynamic self-adaptation, the system achieves a millisecond level of road perception and response speed, smooth and stable road traffic performance, and a stable and reliable curved drive performance.
The system uses dynamic linear designs that can dynamically reduce electric power and effectively boost vehicle continuity. Smart and terminal ecology, based on the Hongmonos 4.0 system, is rich in ecological networks and excellent cabin systems, and enhances the comfort and utility of the company's vehicle type.
It provides a variety of innovative functions and full new experiences. It has increased the configurations of the ar-hud, the one-ring 3-screen, and the back-of-the-screen projection, resulting in a multi-screen, multi-screen, multi-facilator, and multi-equipment projection.
In the power-driven area, Dwiveone combines electrical electronics with digital technologies to create a pure electric field solution that combines "extremely simple, safe and reliable, excellent experience, iCylon." The solution consists of a mass-production and efficient power-driven system designed specifically for a b+ car, which allows more mileage per degree of power.
A multi-combined super-integrated field module for a level-a vehicle market will enable a zero-km acceleration of 3.5s and a zero-km repeat acceleration of 20 times. In addition, China has launched a power cloud solution that will provide 24-hour advance warning of heat loss of control and allow a million-kilometer vehicles to be online at the same time.
Figure 89 is digital energy pure power solution (level a) multi-combined, super-integrated architecture power area solution.
The power cloud solution, I've got it, I've got it, I've got it, I've got it, I've got it, I've got it, I've got it, I've got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it.
As a whole new model of cross-border cooperation, Hong Meng-Bing, in addition to cooperation based on parts and components, solutions, has given the company the soft power of China as an end-of-business commercial attribute. Under the Hong Meng-Bing cooperation model, the following five functions have been performed at the commercial level: marketing networks, marketing strategies, ipd counselling, supply chain management and finance.
In terms of the distribution network, China has a wide and deep line of sales channels, and has an online business town, where Hong Ming Ji-car type leads, while Hong Ming is actively expanding its exclusive shop as a unified brand for the smart car model.
By the end of 2022, China had set up more than 60,000 shops and cabinets around the world, more than 5,500 experience shops, over 2,200 authorized experience centres, service centres covering 47 countries and territories, and Hua's business supershops could be a source of excellence for Hong Meng-hyun's business.
Chart 90 is a sales channel under its own lines, Chart 91 is an online marketing hub, and it's a 4a advertising company for the team, in brand authorization, marketing strategy, new product development.
On the one hand, China has endorsed its own branding as an enabling car company to be branded by the "Hong Ming Ji-Bing" company, and on the other hand, it has supported the team with advertising strategies, publishing new items, and so on, for example, promoting the 24-year viewing evening of the M9 title.
At the regulatory level, China provides the company with ipd advice to fish and enhances the efficiency of the company’s operations in all its aspects. ipd, the integrated product development, refers to the process, philosophy, methodology of a system of product development, which helps the firm respond quickly to market changes and shortens its operations.
The ipd process is divided into concepts, plans, development, validation, publication, six stages of the life cycle, each with a good opportunity, review, decision-making mechanisms. To empower partners in the ipd field, it provides companies with the best project management methodology in the industry, and helps the public to help them to build their own businesses.
While developing its existing products, the Division optimizes the company's operating mechanisms, providing the company with a great deal of life and helping with the 93ipd process system The supply chain, on the one hand, provides a full-store solution and, on the other hand, assumes a number of second-tier spare parts suppliers
The management of China, on the other hand, provides its own supply chain pool and, on the other hand, a cooperative vehicle in supply chain management, the product manager function, and the consumer electronics sector has proven itself to be excellent at the end of the product.
The power is released. For example, m5/7/9 covers three tiers of a price band of $250,000 to $600,000.b/c/d. Different types of vehicles, different locations, and carefully designed for different target groups. m5 is more inclined towards younger users, with a relative sense of motion, fashion appearance and colour. m7 meets the needs of the new medium, in internal space, comforting.
It's uniquely designed. m9 meets the needs of higher-end users for business, household use, and further optimizes the second row of the zero-gravity seats. The current hot sales of the company's flag-loading model demonstrates China's ability as a product manager. Figure 95 asks m5/7/9 for skin, interior, functional design.
4 Drivers: Quantified upscaling to achieve business success 4.1 Scale Driver 1: Deep-Aspecting World Series, Change/News is constantly rejuvenating
High-quality market space. Synchronize with each other, clear the track, and the company, as a pioneer in the cross-border model, has a 2.5-600 million household/administrative suv track with a scale effect and a luxury car dividend. The aito series has now begun to release its sales potential since the release of the new item m7 in September 23, with market recognition of its product power.
You know, brand power is growing, and for aito, there is still much room for a quarter to six million dollars in the suv track, using the market as a reference for a quarter to one million suv, which has been growing at an accelerated pace in recent years, but the track has grown from 1.6 million in 2018 to 2.81 million in 2023.
Growth has accelerated in the last two years. With the start of the autonomous branded Luxury Cars, it is expected that the Luxury Car Market, dominated by imported cars, joint ventures and more than $500,000, will be re-established; the flagship product m9, which is based on its own, is expected to compete for between half a million and one million dollars in value, over and above its product strength, and on the deluxe car track at the D level.
So, despite the company's two-and-a-half million-dollar model, it's actually the market where the original quarter to one million-dollar model is located, and the company's core dynamic is expected to sell about three to three-and-a-half million cars a year. Under this market, the seven pre-2023 brands have only the ideal car, and the company will work with its friends to make a big, autonomous brand in the luxury area of suv.
Chart 9.725-1 million Suv sales (millions) in recent years The efficiency of the company’s core model re-routing has given a sustained boost to the current model. The company’s past cross-border collaboration with China has optimized the ipd process, adding to the company’s own governance, efficiency, and efficiency of the company.
The core model is constantly changing. Efficient re-financing efficiency allows companies to quickly modify existing performances or design deficiencies, for example, by rapidly renovating old m5/m7 sales with limited sales, and creating new hot-market models. It is also rapidly adding life to the company’s current model.
In addition to the existing m5/7/9, the company will further develop the new model in line with the needs of its clients, and further explore the personalized consumption potential of the b-d suv. For example, the company is expected to introduce a cross-car model between cd and cd.
4.2-Smart Drive 2: Enabling brands, opening up overseas markets, companies working across borders, sharpening efficient decision-making, governance systems, and building up high-quality production.
Business chain resources, good branding. For example, the release period is one year apart, but the overall size, appearance, interior, configuration, supply chain is optimized to reflect the ability and efficiency of the company and the Chinese ipd process. The result is, on the one hand, a significant increase in sales and, on the other hand, the company's collaboration.
China's five functions, both fish and fish. The company's current capabilities, supply chain resources, brand image, are all conducive to the expansion of its own branding and to the creation of aito series's second-growth song.
The company’s model of collaboration with China is upgraded, and the branded model of the company’s own car is expected to use either Chinese parts and components or Chinese ecology. Reference is made to the cooperative model of the company’s friends, which uses the Hi model in Aveta, while the Deep Blue model is used for spare parts;
When Jiang Huai became Hong Meng Ji-hwan, he was launched in the Rui Feng series: the North Blue Valley uses the Hi model on the polar foxes, and the Hung Meng Meng Ji-car fleet is launched. Figure 101 is a multi-dimensional model of cooperation between friendly traders and China.
There has been a steady increase in the volume of automobile sales in emerging markets, and there has been a contraction in the volume of automobile sales in countries or areas where the indigenous auto industry is well developed. Global major market sales fluctuated over the decade from 2013 to 2012, with regions with more advanced automobiles, such as North America and Western Europe, showing a marked decline in sales, with North America selling 8.34 million vehicles from 2013.
The volume of automobile sales (including the Chinese market) has increased in volatility, from 26,499,000 in 2013 to 32.6 million in 2022. The data show that the size of the off-sea market, which is either well developed in the indigenous auto industry or sensitive to corporate cooperation patterns, is shrinking.
The company is expected to contribute steadily to the process of sailing out of the sea, with selective and deep farming projected for overseas markets. In 2023, customs exports and imports showed that China exported about 3.6 million vehicles by car. The leading countries were Russia, with 70.25 million vehicles, Mexico, with 29.950,000 vehicles, and Saudi Arabia, with 147,600 vehicles and the League of Arab States, with 13,850 vehicles.
These countries, which are aware of China’s brand, have a high potential for limo consumption, which is a good option for the company’s core model to go out. Companies are expected to open their markets abroad as the country enters a period of development stability.
4.3 Profit driver 1: The scale effect, improved product structure, caused a change in profit quality, and with the heat of m9/m7, the overall sales of the company grew rapidly, with a significant increase in the single-car revenue. In wholesale volume, the overall sales of the company during the new energy transition in the last five years declined; and in the fourth quarter of 2023, more.
Tens of thousands, with annualized sales in the last two quarters, reached and exceeded annual sales in the early part of the transition in 2019. The smooth transformation of new energy sources and high-end has led to a significant increase in average single-car revenues, which were measured at $481,000 in 2019, and increased to $25.24 million in the first quarter of 24 years.
In recent years and the last two quarters of the year, the company's revenue collection (US$ 10,000) is based on an assumption of US$ 600 million in total revenue. After the new energy transition, the company's Māori ratio has recovered with the size effects of the new energy vehicle.
The increase in amortization, with the Māori rate reaching a low of 3.77% in 21 years. After the introduction of the brand name, Māori rates began to follow the sales of luxury cars, increasing by 10.39% over 23 years, while Māori scores of 23q4 and 24q1 companies will benefit from a decline in the cost of bicycles and an increase in the Māori rate over the long term.
Data on international large-car companies' overseas sales, as sales scale increases, the average single-car cost first increases, with the lowest-cost annual sales spread between 5 million and 8.5 million vehicles, with a sharper rate of cost reduction associated with scale effects. Corporate car owners are more energy-efficient, with a larger distance from 5 million to 8.5 million vehicles.
Billing firms will remain permanently in areas where the scale of sales is related to the negative cost of bicycles, and the Māori ratio will increase with scale.
After the release of the new m5, rejuvenate m7, the company’s core product will be designed in a family integrated fashion; the company will want to be based on a magic platform, deep-ploughing the core track, and increasing profitability. In the new energy transformation, the company’s road is blue, and it will begin to adopt a family integrated design that represents the strategic intent for the company to move gradually into platform-based production.
The release of the Cube platform, adapted to multi-level and multi-type models, using a platformed production model, will significantly enhance the efficiency of companies in vehicle design, manufacturing, supply chain integration and further reduce costs.
The case of overseas head-car companies shows that car-platform design, production, helps car companies enrich product lines, efficiency, and profitability. Mass groups have fully exploited the advantages of platform design, production, and even the integration of cross-sub-brands, such as the creation of different brands under the same platform, and efficiency.
Toyota is a vertical, deep-drawn platform value, along with multi-type, multi-scale, alternative layouts and iteratives under the platform. Figure 112: Multi-level/multi-type vehicle under the Toyota Tnga platform
5 Profit projection and investment recommendation p. Valuation: the company has a scientific and technical identity, core products are highly competitive in the area of luxury cars, should have a certain value premium, and the pe valuation centre should be more than 20 times higher. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “buy-in” rating.
New car sales fall short of expectations, risks in the car industry, and costs are not controlled as expected. Ma’s and Swe’s voice technology has occupied positions in the core business sectors of strategy, markets, products, and research, with multi-year experience in primary and secondary markets, a multilatitude research perspective and in-depth insight into electronics + automobiles/industry – finance, and full coverage of the automobile industry.
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.