Export + smartness, two brands making the best new energy.
The Department has been involved in the auto business since 2003, and has gained more than two decades of experience in the manufacturing of the entire vehicle, and has acquired the eighth new energy production qualification in the country in 2017, starting with the early start of the new energy transformation.
To form a matrix of car products from Cyrus + East Wind (blue power, wind light), which asks, "Definition of a new global energy brand, use of power as a smart selection model, intelligentness is at the forefront of the industry."
Since then, more than 70 countries and regions around the world have sold their cars, cumulatively more than half a million vehicles to sea, and in 2023 the number of Cyrus brand exports increased significantly to 0.77 million, leading to an increase in the average price of exports and an increase of 23.5 per cent to $3.913 billion in foreign revenues. Through a two-brand strategy, the company has grown into a fully organized product.
Questioning the world for a new market segment of the stock market and a new power in the head of the luxury car market. Questioning the first product, m5, was first published in 2022, and then it was released t7 but because of increased competition in the market and the first generation.
The technical maturity of the product, which had fallen into a short-term slump, in September 2023, asked the world to rejuvenate, relying on the industry's leading intelligence level to quickly become a phenomenon-based explosion, with over 170,000 orders in seven months on the market, and in December, when the company released its flagship new product, m9, it succeeded again, with 86 days to make a big breakthrough of 60,000.
The Luxury branding of low-selling companies has always been clearly asked, relying on technology and the market to accumulate in new, relatively deep 300-skinned products that have succeeded, to jump into the head of the Luxury Market, and to help companies reverse their performance dilemmas.
The scale effect of the rapid growth in high-value and sales of luxury products, with a revenue of q1 in 2024 and a net profit of 220 million won by the mother, has been successfully reversed. A series of products from the world of inquiry is now gaining significant market competition, dominance, product performance is outpacing foreign luxury brands, and a quarter of m7 sales is in the large and medium-sized suv market.
Next to Modedy, which is a clear leader in other hybrid products, m9 is a two-week champion of more than 400,000 luxury suv sales, and a fast-growing brand reputation is expected to boost the company’s performance.
In terms of smart driving, China's city ads are now leading the way in spreading the country's cities, and the technology has been progressively improved. On April 24, China brought about the launch of a new smart car solution - China is a dry car.
Adds 3.0 based on end-to-end architecture to facilitate the re-evolving of smart driving technology; in the smart cabin, China builds a smart ecological system with mobile phones at its core, 1+8+n, and the engine is an important part of the smart ecological system. In addition, the dry brand-driven smart module is synergized to the full-scope device.
In terms of power systems, the power systems of hybrid products in the question world have been brought together into the power-enhancing systems of the Chinese power-driven system and the public sector, leading the technological power industry. In addition, Question 9 has taken the lead in using the state-of-the-art technology of the basalt body, the integrated casting, and the chassis, which consolidates the technical strength of the product in all its aspects.
The world series is leading the market with technology, and its volume is rising. The differentiated competitiveness of products brought about by China's technology empowerment will continue to drive the world of inquiry to a high level of sales, and it is expected that the series will be sold in 2024. One, a full-blown vehicle will be built for more than 20 years, and Cyrus will grow into a domestic home-grown energy host.
(i) Tolto is now growing up as a high-end head manufacturer of the smart web network, a technology-based manufacturing company with new energy cars as its core, with well-developed R & D, supply, manufacturing, sales.
The company's predecessor, the Phoenix Electric Springs Factory in Chongqingba County, was established in 1986 as a generator of electrical springs, microcar seats, etc., and then moved into the military shock absorbers and motorcycles industry. In 2003, the Tung An Group (the predecessor of the Cyrus Group) and the East Wind Company created the East Wind Cars Company Ltd., which officially joined the motor vehicle industry. In 2007, the Chongqing Koang Motors Group was established and renamed Xiao Hong '2011.
The company was the country's host plant for the early energy transformation, the eighth new energy production qualification in 2017, the first new energy product, Seressf5 in 2019, and the launch of the Siles sf5 in 2020, in partnership with China, for the creation of a smart selection model. In close collaboration with Hua, the firm created a solid basis for opening the market for the company's products.
The company has a well-developed product layout, with domestic + foreign double-barrelled full-car operations. The company is now developing an interrogatorial + Cyrus + Blue + Wind + Four branding matrix, which defines a new global energy brand, Cyrus + Blue + Wind positioning economy.
With respect to commercial cars, the company has two major brands, namely, the East Wind and the new power source, which are mainly commercial models such as van vans, microsurfaces, etc. Since 2005, the company has accumulated 500,000 cars exported to more than 70 countries and regions around the world, and the two brands of smart electric cars exported to Germany, France, the United Kingdom, Italy, etc.
In addition, the company has power systems such as electric power drive, power control, super-exposure system, which are made for the entire vehicle. Figure 2: The company develops a complete product matrix of vehicle + commercial + power system, deep layout of the domestic + foreign market, asking the community to use the Chinese-intention model to support the growth of the company as the leader of the new domestic energy mainframe.
In 2021, the company published the high-end smart car brand aito and the pure power-drive platform (de-i) and the first product m5, followed by the first product m7, m9. After a period of technology deposition and market exploration, the conversions of m5,m7 and the new product m9 became the product of an explosion with market-led performance, and the support company entered the lead in a new energy mainframe.
By 2023, Cyrus had accumulated nearly half a million cars and over 70 export markets. In June 2023, Séres 5 was opened.
Europe delivers, breaks high-end markets, and the offshore market accelerates. In June 2023, Cyrus launched Europe’s 10,000-mile campaign, and the new energy-source strategic vehicle, Séres5, will travel around 21 countries, including Norway, Germany, Italy, Spain, France, for 25 days, over 10,000 km of journeys, and will experience power, performance, safety, continuity, power supply, etc., in different environments, different road conditions and actual use scenes.
Quality tests for driving, intelligence, etc.. The first European terminal delivery was completed in Norway on June 21. As one of China’s high-end smart new-energy brands, smart electric cars have been exported to countries in Europe such as Germany, France, the United Kingdom, Italy, etc., and have suffered from overseas markets, companies have sold out more than 70 countries and territories across the globe, and two brands, Séres and dfsk, have exported to Germany.
In France, the United Kingdom, Italy, etc., and along the “one-way” route, Indonesia has built a whole-car smart factory. On 5 December 2023, Chongqing issued a circular on the Chongqing City “Ring Out to the Sea” action plan. By 2027, the entire city's annual exports accounted for 10% of the country's total annual exports: one or two of the country's leading smart-networked new energy car exporting firms and brands.
In 2023, the company was able to export more than 120 billion yuan per year. More than 35,000 vehicles, more than 0.77 million of the Cyrus brand, improved product structure, higher average prices for exports, growth in the foreign collection of aid companies, and 4,966 million yuan abroad in 2023, compared to 26,91 per cent, faster than export sales. In the first quarter of 2024, the power of the races increased.
S-brand exports of 0.170,000 vehicles, the percentage continues to rise, asking about the initial success of the brand rejuvenation in the country, the prospect of a rapid opening of international markets and a higher level of corporate exports. (ii) The intention is to revive State finances, improve the shareholder background and optimize corporate governance.
In April 2024, the company announced that it would issue shares to purchase the Chongqing Industrial Investment Masters Fund (the limited partnership) (the Chongqing Industrial Mothers Fund), Chongqing Qing Xinjiang Development Investment Group Ltd. (“Kingjiang Qi” and Chongqing) and Chongqing.