Businesses are sound, and next year ' s high growth can be expected -- billion latitudes of lithium can be reported in the third quarter of 2020: corporate incomes increased by +17 per cent in the first three quarters of 2020 and net profits increased by -18 per cent
Lithium billion latitudes can publish the tri-quarters of 2020: during the reporting period, the company achieved business income of $5.34 billion, compared to +17 per cent, and net profit on maternity of $950 million, compared to 18 per cent. The Māori rate of 30 per cent, compared to +1 pct, was assessed as having fallen but expected to be stable throughout the year, with steady growth in consumption, power and a steady increase in electronic smoke.
Although the epidemic has disrupted the company’s normal pace, the company is actively adjusting its response, and the company’s business loop ratios appear to be in a sound upwards path, providing a solid basis for a high-growth reserve next year. Lithium primary batteries: the first three quarters generated about $1.1 billion (about $1.3 billion over the same period last year).
The third quarter of last year saw an outbreak of demand in etc., which established year-round high performance, and the third quarter of this year showed a slight decline compared to the same period last year, but the ring comparison shows a quarterly upward trend in lithium prototypes, which are expected to level over the last year with the release of orders in four quarters, including smart watch, smart security, etc.
Lithium batteries consumed: Lithium batteries consumed in the previous three quarters generated about $2 billion, or +10% of the year. Small soft bags, bean batteries, remained almost the same as in the same period last year, and will benefit from gradual warming in the future, while cylindrical batteries are at the lowest/highest in a year:
Lithium Power Batteries: The first three quarters generated about $2.2 billion, or +50%. Companies actively promoted downstream customers, with multiple routes including squares, ifp, squares, and soft bags.
So far, the company has entered into supply contracts with Daimler, Modern Chea, and Little Peng, and has received letters from the BMW and BMW from Germany that will continue to expand its high-quality domestic and foreign customers in the future. E-smoking: the international contribution of Seymour in the first three quarters was about $420 million, compared to about 690 million in the same period last year.
At the operational level, the net profits of the participating companies Smoor International in the first three quarters of the year were 2.6, 10.5 and 11.60 billion yuan, totalling $2.47 billion, or 34 per cent of the year, but were reflected in a decline compared to the same period in the last year ' s statement as a result of the non-deduction of Smoor Port shares.
Based on the super-expected growth of the electro-smoking plate, the smooth advancement of the power lithium cell operation and the steady stabilization of the lithium prototype, the high growth of the power cell block, the maintenance of the electro-smoking business 2020-08-24
The energy automobile industry has less than expected demand for storage, less than expected demand for electronic smoke, public.
BMW Supply Agreed Point Letter 2020-07-22.