The BMW 48v project has a high power cell potential. On October 15th, the billion-latitude lithium energy announcement received a message from the German BMW Group for an agreed point letter with the name "bk48v".
For the first time, the BMW Group fixed-point project, the three-dollar battery high growth certainty,1 and the company's previous announcement of 21 July that it had received an agreed point letter for the BMW vehicle supply, officially entering the BMW supply chain, with a projected bulk supply of the three-dimensional square starting in 2021, and this 48v project landed with BMW.
2. In the context of macro-policy orientation and the tightening of fuel consumption regulations and the transition from a common fuel truck to a new energy vehicle era, market value in circulation (millions of dollars): development of 48v light mixing has the greatest potential. 48v battery capacity is generally within 1 kwh, distinct from 12v shutdown.
The BMW currently has a fleet of 5 and 3 systems with 48v blended systems, but seven, x 5 and x7 have not yet been loaded, and it is expected that 48v will be replicated in the future.
3. The company ' s trio battery has entered the Daimler, modern Chea, BMW, Ping supply chain, and the company ' s power cell has entered the first-class echelons. 1) Daimler ' s overseas sales are relatively stable, with a 24/27 per cent increase in the ring in August/September, and more than 15,000 vehicles are expected to be sold throughout the year; 3) 2019
The company's billion-latitude collection received a call from a modern Kia supplier for a six-year purchase order, which was reported at the mid-point of U.S.S.S.S.S. Study -- billion-billion-latitude Lithium (3000014) 2020, and is expected to generate 2.55 billion yuan in three-dollar power cells in 2020; and is expected to be in the middle of 2021.
Remark: Small continues to be over-expected, triple-packs become growth poles, demand starts to spread, and triple-power battery revenues will continue to grow at a high rate in 2021. tws batteries enter the millet supply chain, and customers are expected to expand on a sustained basis.
U.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.E.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.
Pulse, zmipurpodspro can continue for eight hours in ubiquitous mode, up to a maximum of 32 hours at a price of $399 when noise reduction is shut down for 10 hours, and is expected to be a popular product.) Tws Battery has 48 patents, circumvents the Walta patent blockade, and enters the Samsung supply chain to prove the R & D system.
One billion-latitude lithium power cells enter a profit period, highlighting the tws batteries as a source of lighting for the consumption of lithium. Since pmta applications from the United States are available for sale for one year, then electricity will be banned if it is not certified.
The Smoky brand order continues to be over-expected, and we expect Smoll's net profit to continue to be over-anticipated, and the author is expected to be profitable throughout the year, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. I am committed to reporting using data from compliance channels, analytical logic based on author's professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.