Three-quarter review in 2023: q3 battalion up, gas heavy card, October 31, 2023.
Keywords: # underperformance: announcement point: company discloses three-quarters of 2023, q3 achieves 15,108 million dollars in revenue, same ring ratio rises with industry, company sales/revenues significantly up in three quarters and operating losses are clearly realized
Narrow. 1) Company q3 has achieved 55,000 commercial vehicle sales, with overall reheating in the commercial car industry since the same ring comparison, with a major decline in the ring ratio due to seasonal factors; of these, heavy card sales were 42,000, and the same ring sales were +79.66 per cent/-26.75 per cent, which was higher than the company ' s commercial sales.
Overall, with low down-stream gas prices catalyzing, gas heavy card sales are on the rise. 54,000 q3 gas heavy card sales, with a penetration rate of 35.3 per cent, of which 19.2 million were released, with a market share of 35.5 per cent higher than their share in the diesel heavy card market.
With the growth in the penetration rate of the industry ' s gas heavy card, liberation is expected to benefit the core, and the share of the total market heavy card continues to rise. The q3 company has an average of 274.5 million dollars per bicycle for the same ring ratio of +24.09 per cent/+5.69 per cent, the increase in the weight card ratio and the increase in sales of high-end car type j7 within the heavy card, and the product structure continues to be optimized.
2) Core financial indicator dimensions, with the q3 Māori ratio of 7.72 per cent, and the same ring ratio +3.01/- Core factors of the same scale +3.01/- Usage rate, with the rapid increase in the scale of sales below the base of the same dimension leading to a rise in Māori rates and a drop in cost rates, with the decline in Māori rates and an increase in cost rates as a result of the scale of the ring dimension sales
High, with relatively small absolute fluctuations in spending, such as corporate marketing and research. 3) Company q3 net profit from the mother: q2 Māori ratio rises in the ring ratio,  for the future. In the short and medium term, it is clear that industry gas heavy card penetration continues to increase.
With 35% of the market share in the gas heavy card area significantly higher than the diesel heavy card, benefiting from the gas heavy card structural opportunities, the company’s share is expected to continue to grow, with the gas heavy card becoming more profitable. In the long run, the company continues to build a coded smart transition around pure power/change, mix, fuel.
One Gas Emancipation (000800): In 2023, technical routes such as batteries worked together externally to promote new energy products and create a differentiated mix of products; and in collaboration with China's deep strategy, to embrace China as an enabler and to further join forces to create Suzhou.
The annual report’s performance forecast: o2 net profits give affiliates such as technology to speed up the break-through of digital markets and artificial intelligence.
The three financial forecasts for the liberation of the three pillars are based on the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) of Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.