A steady increase in performance, proxy, self-researched two-way energy, and an evaluation report of the Twilight Flying Biological (300122) on 21st of 2021.
1) On April 20, Chi Fei Bhai published its annual report for 2020, and the company has been operating throughout the year.
Corporate performance has increased steadily, with agency, self-research, and in 2020, with the impact of the epidemic, the company maintained a steady growth in performance, with both agents and autonomous products active in both directions.
The bulk issuance of sugar vaccines increased by 703.18 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the volume of Hib vaccines increased by 764.13 per cent on a year-on-year, and the volume of ac combined vaccines increased by 558.10 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
q1’s performance in 2021 continued its rapid growth, with a four-priced, nine-priced Hpv vaccine increasing by 46.90% and 195.12% respectively, and a larger sales of autonomous products. The size of the Hpv vaccine market continues to expand and autonomous products continue to grow.
In a dynamic market environment where the population ' s awareness of vaccines is raised, it is expected that the company ' s performance in 2021 will continue to maintain a steady increase in the _aaa_Intelligent (300122) issue evaluation report.
The R & D pipeline is rich, and some of the products will be covered for the first time during the harvest period by the aaa smartfly creature (300122), and as of 31 December 2020, there are 27 autonomous R & D projects.
Bacillus vaccine (used by the tuberculosis infected population) is in the declared production stage, and once placed on the market together with ec-protein will increase corporate income and profitability; both the influenza virus fission vaccine and the 23-price pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccine have completed clinical trials: 15-price pneumococcal combination vaccine, frozen rabies for dry people
Projects like the disease vaccine (mrc-5 cells) are in the clinical stage, and some of the products are expected to arrive during the harvest period. From the pre-clinical project, companies are actively reprogramming large varieties of herpes vaccine, rsv seedlings, and the rich R & D pipelines provide a solid foundation for the company’s subsequent development.
Reorganisation of the new crown vaccine is expected to lead to a significant improvement in its performance.
The State Council’s letter on the research and development of vaccines for the Joint Control Unit of the United Nations has been approved for urgent use in China. The product is the world’s first-ever re-engineering of a new subunit vaccine, with low production costs, easy storage, and transport.
A significant improvement in performance is expected. Profit forecasting and investment proposal: not taking into account the impact of the new crown vaccine on the company ' s future performance, projected risk factors: product R & D is not as fast as expected, product quality and sales are not as fast as expected
Risks, industry policy changes.