Microcard vaccine has been approved by the Drug Enforcement Authority and has entered the "agent plus autonomy" double-drive phase.
▪ Events: According to the National Drug Monitoring Authority's Parliamentary Services Portal, the Cow sub-couple bacterium vaccine (used by people infected with tuberculosis) was issued with a medical authorization document.
Tuberculosis is currently one of the world’s ten major neglected infectious diseases, with new cases of tuberculosis (only reported cases) reaching nearly 800,000 people each year, and hundreds of millions of people in latent infections.
Tuberculosis control, led by WHO, is a common global initiative, with countries giving high priority to tuberculosis control. Moreover, while tuberculosis is a curable disease, the adverse effects of therapeutic drugs are high, the use of self-charged liver drugs is also required, and in tuberculosis screening, the company has another item.
The marketed product ec diagnostic reagents, which effectively address the relatively high level of pseudo-positive use in the hands of the ppd, can be used in conjunction with the micro-card vaccine.
We are expected to see a peak of more than $4 billion in the sale of micro-card vaccine plus ec diagnostic reagents.
Multibody rabies: expected production in 2021; 4) 4-priced influenza vaccine: expected production in 2021; Performance Supermarket expected, new crown vaccine industry 5) Frozen triple seedlings: Non-aerobic type expected production in 2021.
ii. Ji Fei Bian (300122): The new crown vaccine is about to materialize: as of June 9, 2021, the new crown vaccine was purchased by the new province.
With a crown vaccination of 825 million doses, and a new crown vaccine for the Twilight Life in mid-March, the crown vaccine is now in use at 2021-03-23, and we are expected to make a significant contribution in 21q2.
Performance exceeded expectations, new crown vaccine development fast  profit forecasting and investment rating: no consideration for new crown vaccine performance contribution, taking into account Hpv vaccine acceleration 2020-10-19
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board