Twilight Flying Organism (300122): Cow branches, 11/06/2021.
On June 10th, the website of the National Drug Surveillance Authority (NDSA) revealed that the company, Cows, was the leader in the development and marketing of the vaccine industry.
The company, which sells products, includes the sale by proxy of a heavy-pound variety of 4-priced cow branch bacterium vaccine (used by the tuberculosis infected population) (hereinafter referred to as the microcard for prevention) as the company's nodule matrix.
And a 9-priced hpv vaccine, as well as an autonomous product, ac group meningitis, accew combination vaccine, acew 135 group of meningococcals, one of the heavy-pound products, combined with the ec diagnostic reagents used for the diagnosis and treatment of those infected with the latent tuberculosis.
Sugar vaccines, etc.. The company has a rich pipeline layout, including four preventive interventions. Market space is available in the context of the high burden of tuberculosis and increased anti-control efforts.
The number of tuberculosis cases in China is the third highest in the world. Who has a tuberculosis control target of 90% reduction in morbidity and 95% reduction in deaths by 2035.
The country’s emphasis on nodule control has increased significantly in recent years, with the joint launch of the Tuberculosis Disease Control Action Plan (2019-2022) in 2019 by the eight departments, whose Government’s determination to combat it has been demonstrated. Between 2017 and 2020, our national tuberculosis control project has been budgeted at an average annual compound rate of 23 per cent.
Interventions by people with high-risk latent infections are essential to achieving the goal of control, and tuberculosis latent infections intervene in large areas of expansion. The number of people infected with latent tuberculosis (ltbi) in the country is about 350 million. On average, 5-10% of people with latent infections suffer from disease.
Sexually conduct ltbi surveillance and preventive intervention, noting that the goal of ending tuberculosis is unlikely to be achieved if the ltbi problem is not resolved. Currently, only about 36% of new HIV infections and 23% of people under 5 years of age and under are engaged in preventive tuberculosis treatment, and there is a significant expansion in the number of people who are exposed to latent tuberculosis infections.
ec and the prevention of the use of microcards as two heavy-pound varieties of the nodule matrix, which are used for the diagnosis and drying of those who have a latent infection, the market size is expected to reach $4.9 billion. 1) ec provides an optimised programme for the screening of those who have a latent infection: my country currently uses tst tests for nodule screening and ec diagnostic reagents to address the falseness of the existing screening tool tst
Positive problems, easier application of igra to provide an optimised programme for screening of those who have a latent infection, with a market size of 1.1 billion yuan. 2) Prevention of micro-cards to prevent the first latent infections in the world.
East Hing Securities Corporation (ECSC) reported that Ji Fei Bis (300122): The administration of the cow branch bacterium vaccine, the availability of the nodule matrix product, pre-tuberculosis preventive intervention, the main measure of which is the preventive use of tuberculosis, which results in operational use due to the length, cost and toxicity of the drug programme (sub-effects)
In December 2020, the company began three clinical trials for the combination of pneumococcal vaccine, and the recruitment of those currently tested has steadily advanced. 3) Four-priced influenza vaccine and twice-digit human rabies vaccine.
Clinical trials have been completed and production is expected in 2021. Profit forecasts and investment proposals: high growth in sales of corporate agent products, autonomy during the harvest period, and increased performance in the marketing of a series of heavy pounds of nodule matrix products.
East Hing Stock Company reports that Ji Fei Bian (300122): The cow branch bacterium vaccine was approved and the nodule matrix product was released over a period of time.
Hubo-Jubo-Jubo-Jubo, a specialist in pharmaceuticals, has 10 years of experience in medicine in the securities industry, and has been a core member in the new wealth team for medicine.
In July 2019, he joined East Hing Portfolio, where he studied medicine.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.