Ji Fei Bian (300122): Keeping up with high growth, expecting new crown vaccines to be released, pharmaceutical organisms to collect $4,141 million, an increase of 41.74 per cent over the same period; net return to mother 823 million
Billion dollars, an increase of 81.69 per cent over the same period. Corporate performance has remained high. • The high growth of agent products has driven overall performance. During the reporting period, agent products generated 13,955 million yuan (+51.9 per cent), contributing 92 per cent of operating income.
In December 2020, a contract was renewed between the company and Mercado for agency products.
During the reporting period, 1.2 billion yuan (10.19%) was collected for autonomous products; 1,198 million yuan (-9.5%) was earned for vaccine products and 2.77 million yuan (-79%) for non-vaccine products.
There were no approved issuances throughout the year; acyw 135 more sugar vaccines amounted to 6.06 million (+703%), or 54.38%; heb vaccines to 3.7 million (+764%), or 33.17%; ac combined vaccines to 4.4 million (+558%), or 59.24%.
The multi-sugar vaccine is 2.16 million; the heb vaccine is 2.16 million; and the ac combined vaccine is 1.84 million, with a good bulk distribution. The non-vaccine product is micro-ca and Iyka, with a winning target in each province, and is expected to contribute to this year’s performance.
• The new crown vaccine is expected to increase its performance significantly, and there are a lot of pipelines to develop. The company and China were included in the emergency operation in March 2021. The product was injected with three needles, with good protective effectiveness and safety, and is now covered by Chongqing, Jiangsu, Anhui, etc.
The company’s products have an advantage in production capacity, with a rapid release of the new crown vaccine of $1 billion, an increase of 85.61%. The cow-to-cow vaccine is in the production stage, the flu vaccine and the 23-priced pneumonia vaccine have been clinically tested, and there are five more diseases.
The new products are expected to be marketed and released in a more autonomous manner.
▪ Profit forecasting: not taking into account the impact of the performance of the new crown vaccine, we predict the company’s failure to meet the expected risks; safety risks in the vaccine industry. Qualifications. This report is produced by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers of Chinese securities.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.