Prophylactic microcards have been approved, and self-research capabilities have further highlighted the Quantico Biology Assessment Report (300122) of 15 June 2021.
According to information from the network of officials of the National Drug Control Authority, the company ' s autonomous development of a cow branch bacterium vaccine (used by the tuberculosis infected population) has been approved. The country has a higher burden of tuberculosis and a wider market for preventive microcards.
The number of new cases of tuberculosis in the country is about 8.33 million, and the incidence rate is around 1.40 million.
58.10 million deaths, approximately 31,000 deaths, about 2.2.10 million deaths, the third highest number of new cases in the world, with a heavy burden. In addition, some of the organisms infected with bacterium bacterium bacterium, which is still active but is under incubation without active tuberculosis.
According to WHO, the number of people infected with latent tuberculosis accounts for about one fourth of the total population, and the market space is huge. The size of the market is also significant, according to the 350 million people infected with latent tuberculosis in the country, with a penetration rate of 1%.
The “mode of tuberculosis diagnosis, prevention and treatment” has been further refined The company's products in the nodule control plate have been better configured, the products on the market have been micro-cards and ike, and there has been a steady increase in performance, both agent and self-research.
Cards, which are currently under study, include frozen dry recombinant tuberculosis vaccine, pine injection of BCG and pure protein derivatives of BCG, and the approval of preventive microcards has resulted in further refinement of the corporate tuberculosis product matrix.
BCG (bcg) was previously the only vaccine against tuberculosis, but the BCG protection period was relatively short and ineffective for those infected with latent tuberculosis, so we believe that after the company's preventive micro-card products were placed on the market, the first coverage was reported by the _aaa_Twilight Flying Organism (300122)
Ec integration of protein diagnostic reagent testing is expected to lead to rapid release and significant improvement in corporate performance. Profit forecasting and investment proposal: not taking into account the impact of the new crown vaccine on the company’s future performance, projected risk factors: product development progress is less than expected, product quality and sales are less than expected,
Stetch, make a good look at him.