The company reviews the pharmaceutical industry, the surrogates are growing at a very high rate, and they're doing well in the pipeline.
The event company publishes the 2020 and the 2021 quarterly reports. In 2020, it realized the income of five dollars (including taxes) in Mondung Wei's dividends. In the first quarter of 2021, it achieved the income of 3,927 million yuan (+49.0 per cent).
Long-term posture. Of this total, Hpv, Hpv, Hpv, RV5 was issued with 7.22 million (+30%), 5.07 million (+52%) and 3.9 million Hpv were issued with 40 million domestically, corresponding to 9-45-year-old women.
The penetration rate is less than 4%, and there is still much room for use. The 4/9 price of hpv vaccine is high, the price of 2 is limited, and the company’s proxy varieties have developed a good lead.
Income from goods amounted to $1,198 million (-7.2 per cent), slightly affected by the ac-hib triple seedlings, but the company used the a+c conglomerate, acyw 135 congee glucose, heb single seedlings, etc. to upgrade packaging and fast-discharge the level of autonomous products.
Steady. In 20 years, there were 4.4 million batches (+558.1 per cent), 6.06 million autonomous products with ac-combined seedlings, acyw 135 cerebral multi-sugar saplings, and about 140 per cent.
The new crown vaccine has been acquired by eua, which is expected to further improve the company's performance by October 20, with key data on the safety and immunoplasm of the clinical trials of i and ii, and the co-development of a new coronary virus vaccine (cho cell) acquired domestically in March 2021.
The company is actively expanding the vaccine production line to match the need for the vaccine, and is expected to contribute more income and benefits.
Research and development investment continues to grow, with research and development inputs from companies moving well for 20 years to optimize autonomous product research and development lines. The ec diagnostic reagent was approved for the market in April 20, and the preventive microcard is in the final stage of the review of the listing application, with 23-priced pneumonia.
Sugar vaccine, 4-priced influenza vaccine, 15-priced pneumococcal combination vaccine, double-digit rabies vaccine is in the clinical iii phase and will be approved for sale in the coming years or years, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Mon Yung Wei, Doctor of Biomedicine at Beijing University, has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. The professional competence is high, and the doctor is engaged in research and development of innovative medicines, deep involvement in pre-clinical research and clinical declarations of innovative medicines, familiarity with the industrial chain of innovative medicine development and innovation services, and understanding of changes in the landscape of the pharmaceutical industry and the industrial chain.
Liu Xing: Master of West Economics, Beijing University, Hong Kong Business School, and Bachelor of Life Sciences College. Joined the Chinese Galaxy Securities in 2018.