CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
行 全
les.
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
BUY (Maintain)
2Q20 profit a strong beat; Lift earnings est. & TP
Target Price
RMB9.56
(Previous TP
RMB6.85)
Up/Downside
+22%
Zoomlion released a positive profit alert vesterday, stating that net profit in 1H20E
Current Price
RMB$7.82
will reach RMB3.8-4.2bn, representing 47-63% YoY growth. This is a surprise as
the earnings range implies 75-100% YoY growth in 2Q20E. We raise our 2020E-
China Capital Goods
22E earnings forecast significantly by 24-42% (14-27% above consensus), and
Wayne Fung, CFA
lift our TP to RMB9.56. We see Zoomlion entering into a new growth trajectory,
driven by the solid upcycle of concrete machinery and tower crane, as well as the
aggressive expansion into attractive sub-segments such as excavator, aerial
working platform (AWP) and hydraulic components. Near term catalysts include
Stock Data
earnings revision by the market and strong machinery demand in 3Q. Reiterate
BUY.
■ New assumptions. The strong earnings growth in 1H20 was driven by strong
demand for concrete pump truck, tower crane and construction crane, as well
Source: Bloomberg
as the lower expense ratio thanks to the operating leverage and stringent cost
control. We revise up our revenue and margin forecast in 2020E-22E. Our
new forecast includes the potential dilution effect arising from the share
placement and the new capacity expansion plan released by the Company
last week.
Source: HKEx, Shanghai Stock Exchange
Attractive valuation (9.8x 20E P/E) suggests significant upside potential.
We switch our valuation methodology from asset-based to earnings-based
Share Performance
approach, in order to better capture the robust earnings growth outlook. Our
new TP of RMB9.56 is based on 12x 2020E P/E (previously RMB6.85 based
on 1.2x 2020E P/B). In 2011, the year when Zoomlion's earnings reach a
historical high of RMB8.3bn, the stock traded at a valuation range of 10-12x
Source: Bloomberg
despite the high earnings base. We benchmark our target multiple (12x) to
12-mth Price Performance
such valuation. We believe our target is not aggressive, given our EPS growth
estimate of 37%/18% in 2020E/21E.
■ Risk factors: (1) Unexpected weakness on infrastructure spending; (2) Slow
recovery of property construction; (3) Risks of new business expansion.
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: KPMG
Related Reports
China Construction Machinery &
HDT Sector - Raise industry sales
forecast in 2020E-21E; Solid
Zoomlion (000157 CH, BUY) -
Dividend cut a surprise; Positive on
Please cast your valuable vote
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
for CMBIS research team in the
2020 Asiamoney Brokers Poll:
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Share placement plan a positive
Last week, Zoomlion announced a non-public share placement plan. Zoomlion will issue a
maximum of 1.25bn new shares (A-share) to four strategic investors, raising up to
RMB6.6bn.
Details:
The four strategic investors are Huaijin Cornerstone, Taiping Life Insurance, Hainan
Chengyisheng and Ningbo Shituo. The lock-up period is 18 months.
The new shares will account for 15.8% of the existing o/s shares. The issue price is
RMB5.28.
The capital will be spent on four areas: (1) intelligent manufacturing project for
excavators; (2) capacity upgrade on concrete mixers; (3) key components intelligent
manufacturing project; (4) intelligent manufacturing project of key hydraulic parts
(hydraulic valves).
The share placement plan is subject to the approval of shareholders and CSRC.
Analysis:
The share placement plan will help remove the overhang as market had expected a fund-
raising exercise. We see several positives in the share placement plan:
First, the strategic investors have strong background. In particular, Hainan
Chengyisheng is held as to 24.48%, 6.49% and 6.49% by Zhan Chunxin (executive
Director of Zoomlion), Qin Xiuhong (senior manager) and Yang Duzhi (senior manager),
respectively, each as a limited partner. The subscription of shares by senior
management should enhance market confidence.
Second, the lock-up period of 18 months is long, which should not exert pressure on
the share price in the foreseeable future.
Third, the new business areas are attractive with good potential of import substitution,
offering new growth drivers to Zoomlion. Zoomlion estimates that the IRR of the four
projects will range from 22% to 28%.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company estimates, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this research
report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.