Performance is consistent with the expected long-term growth dynamics. Annual report for 2020 issued by the high-profile (002475.sz) event company, yielding $92,501 million a year in revenue, a year-on-year increase.
47.96 per cent long; net return return of $7,225 million, an increase of 53.28 per cent over the same period; realization of Fuch-chul with a few more flowers in business, with 2020 performance in line with the expected benefits of the airpods.
Upgrade, import of iwatch and iphone, expansion of Andre's business, consumption of electronic business Billion dollars, increase of 33.60 per cent in comparison with 33.60 per cent, net return to mother, gain of 2.546 billion yuan, and increase in comparison The difference between net profit to parent is mainly due to exchange gains and losses and government subsidies.
The ring is down 7.4 pct, mainly because the share of airpods, iwatch assembly operations has increased, and changes in accounting standards have resulted in transport costs being charged to operating costs. Prior to 2020, companies benefited from the expansion and vertical integration of their product categories, consumer electronics would remain fast.
The rapid growth of airpods this year, despite the downwards, is now expected to be fully released, and the next half of the year is expected to lead to an increase in the volume of deliveries with the introduction of new cash headphones. At the end of the spectrum, the company acquired the iPhone assembly operation at the Tsakayama latitude in 2020, and is now moving well, in share.
The company will benefit from the nuclei of Apple's new magsafe wireless charger.
The company will continue to grow rapidly in the future in consumer electronics by accelerating its growth in structural software operations through the replenishment of high-speed computers. Communications and automobile operations are moving smoothly, opening up long-term growth space companies in communications hardware.
The product layout continues to extend horizontally, involving antenna systems, filters, radio frequency modules, etc., as well as cutting-edge technologies such as the layout of light connectors, which are expected to provide one-stop service to customers in the future through a two-line strategy for the whole machine plus core parts.
Manufacturing platforms and good customer channels, based on whole-line and connector products, extend to vehicle communication modules, and products such as smart network networks have entered the domestic and foreign supply chain. We believe that the company’s core processing and assembly capability in consumer electronics will be restored.
In the area of telecommunications and automobiles, while companies insist on basic research on imitation technology, new materials, new technologies, and incremental operations such as communications, automobiles, etc., will provide companies with long-term growth momentum.
The company, as a consumer electronic leader, constantly expands its business boundaries, grows jobs over the long term, and is expected to continue to be excellent.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
At the macro level, the investment opportunities that exist from the top to the bottom in the various branches of the industry chain and in the different industries; understanding the industry landscape and changes in the industry chain well enough to manage marginality, change and cyclicalization; and exploring potential investment targets with a unique perspective.
The Institute of Diplomats, which specializes in electronics, science and technology, was a member of the Space Science and Technology Group.