• Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) issued on the evening of 30 August, company performance report for 2022, and company 22h1 achieved operating income/
• A strong break-down in the category of goods led to growth, with a new retail distribution channel for the layout 1) by products: 22h1 company liquid milk/milk/cooked milk/cold drinks/other business, respectively.
The profits have continued to rise, with 10 billion monolithic yogurt milk growing rapidly, 1 billion monolithic milk, more grains, qq stars, etc., with cheese growing by more than 50 per cent on a year-on-year basis, organic milk, dairy nutrients increasing by more than 20 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and business income from new company products accounting for 12.48 per cent.
Future development provides sustained dynamic energy. From the point of view of the city, the retail share of infant and child formula powder increased by 3.5 pct over the same period last year, while the share of adult milk powder market was higher than during the same period last year, pcccc; 2) by region: 22h1 company North China/South China earned business income separately.
During the same period, 4879 more than at the beginning of the year, 3703 more. Companies are actively engaged in deep distribution, working to explore a model of stylized co-operation with online channels, capturing special development opportunities, such as power-market platforms and community group purchases, where liquid milk is sold on the same basis as new retail outlets.
The Māori rate increased by 16.8%, with a breakdown of the product groups increasing their marketing effort. The overall Māori ratio of 22h1 companies was 33.7%, an increase of 1.67 pct over the same period.
The increase of 18.3 per cent in profitability and 0.92 pct over the same period is due to increased marketing costs in the second quarter and increased brand input for some fast-growing products, such as milk powder and cheese.
3. The industrial cycle combines the internal dynamics, the performance rate, and the second quarter of the epidemic has caused the company to show a certain resilience, and we expect the disease to spread in the second half of the year.
Gradual release and expected improvement on the demand side. Robust growth in corporate fundamentals, rising product structure 1) cost pressures and industry competition: significant increases in raw material prices, pressure on transport costs, unsatisfied company developments and increased industry competition;
(b) Risks to food safety: food safety incidents. This report is presented independently and objectively using information on legal compliance. The data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.