-Ely's incident evaluation report (600887.sh) published semi-annual report for 2022: 63,463 million won in 2022h1 ($1055052111005).
Sonss@cfsc.com.cn's performance is in line with expectations and has briefly affected profitability as a result of the increase in profitability and the merger of the Ao Yu dairy industry. The administrative cost rate is 4.38 per cent (ibid.).
The milk powder keeps growing, the new product is moving well, the product is broken down into 2022h1 liquid milk/milk powder and dairy/refrigerated products/other products.
12.48 per cent Subregionally, 2022h1 North/South China received 1 of the report of the China Securities *Eli Stock Exchange (600887), an event evaluation report with a clear target.
Subtract macro-economic risks, epidemic consumption, increased competition, higher costs of raw materials, less than expected growth of core products, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.