Ely (600887.ch): Why is 1h22 outperforming the Lin Jia period and reducing the year-round net interest rate guidelines?
Eli's income and profitability performance were better than expected. However, Eli steered the net interest rate on his home-grown business for the entire 2022 year down from the original year-on-year expansion of 50bps to the same level.
Sliding. This undoubtedly casts a shadow on Eli's performance in the second half of the year, and may also have a negative impact on short-term market sentiment. However, we believe that the fundamentals of corporate power have not changed. We will analyse below the possible reasons behind Eli's downward guidance.
• The high growth of milk powder drives 1h22 performance expectations: excluding the impact of the presentation of O-Yo, the income from Eli's business grew by 9% over the year, and the net profit expanded by 15% over the same year, better than market expectations. In the case of liquid milk income, which increased by only 1% over the same year (close to Monx), the income from Illinois is higher than that from the market.
Growth is driven mainly by the high growth of the gold crown (more than 30% over the same year). The higher share of milk powder revenue also optimizes the company’s product structure, offsets the pressure on raw material costs, and helps to expand profit margins. We estimate that the same ratio of 1h22 Māori in Illigne.
Expanding 110 bps, increasing the sales rate by 60 bps on the same year, expanding the net interest rate by 50 bps on the same year, while 2q22 Illigne's Māori rate, the sales cost rate and the net interest rate are almost equal.
Inner business (excluding Oyu) income of 2h22 increased by double digits, with the same net profit rate for the entire year of 2022 (a 50bps expansion compared to the previous year). This means that the net profit rate of 2h22 Ilinium business has the potential to fall by the same margin.
1h22 maintained the goal of expanding the profit margin by 30bps for the whole of 2022, implying a significant increase in the profit margin of 2h22 operations by 130bps over the same period, and we believe that the main reason for the difference between the two companies ' profit margins of 2h22 is the difference between the two companies' profit margins.
The difference between the Māori base (2h21 Iri Māori ratio rises by 130 bps on a year-on-year basis, while the growth in the milk powder of Monx has slowed considerably over the same year, limiting the continued expansion of profit margins.
But it has been effective in lowering market expectations, and it has given companies greater room to invest in market costs in the second half of the year. So we believe that in the second half of the year, both income and profit margins, Eli has a greater chance of exceeding market expectations.
We believe that Eli has the ability to maintain a similar net interest rate of 2h22, and that the future profit rate will continue to expand. But because of the weak outlook for Oyo, we have a separate income of 2022-24e.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571), the first (Systems Trading) and the fourth (Provision of Comments on Securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.