Food and beverage milk products Eri shares: product structure continues to be optimized, profits are raised, the company issues the mid-2022 report, and the first half of the year has been collected, paid off to the mother, deducted from the mother's net profit.
With the exclusion of Oyo, h1 achieved income of $61.6 billion (+9.0 per cent) and net profit of $6.1 billion (+15.0 per cent).q2 achieved revenue, parent net profit, parent deduction non-net profit of $32.42 billion,
Analysis: double-digit revenue growth in the first half of the year, with milk powdered milk products and cold drinks growing at a sharper rate. 1) Sub-group: 22h1, slow growth of corporate liquid milk due to the epidemic, H1 liquid milk income, total market value/flow (million yuan)
The cheese business has increased its share by 3.5, 1.3 and 4 percentage points, or more than +58.3 per cent, compared to the same period last year; the cold drink business has benefited from increased brand concentration and a family scene of €6.18 billion, the sale of milk powder and dairy products of $6.68 billion, and the sale of €4.50 billion.
Number of distributors: H1 distributors increased by a net of 4879 to 18878, of which North, South, China, China, East and the rest of the world increased by +31.5 per cent, +32.8 per cent, +41.6 per cent, and profit analysis: product structure optimization led to increased corporate profitability.
During the first half of the year, the company achieved a net return of $6,133 million, compared to +15.23 per cent, a non-net return of $5,888 million, compared to +17.51 per cent, with non-net return increasing faster than income, mainly due to the higher share of high-mori products such as milk and cheese cold drinks and stable raw material costs (the original milk price is low).
In the first half of the year, Ely’s share: product structure continued to be optimized and the level of profitability increased. The cost during the company period was 22.4% (+1.0 pct), mainly due to the q1 Winter Olympics’ input and speed.
The increase in brand inputs for milk powder, cheese, etc., and the impact of the marketing structure have led to a sales rate of +0.9 pct. In summary, the company ' s net interest rate for the first half of the year was 9.7% for mothers, and +0.2 pct. Vision 2022: double-digit income increases throughout the year and profit margins are maintained.
Body milk, the advantage of the corporate matrix structure of the "2+2+x" product mix, the constant fluid milk will continue to stabilize, steady growth, low-temperature fluid milk is expected to resume growth as demand recovers, yoghurt is consumed in the first half of the year, the cost of missing and the cold chain will be limited in the second half of the year, with the easing of constraints and the company not.
The new products are expected to grow faster than in the first half of the year; for milk powder and dairy business, companies will continue to increase market breeding and consumer education, and the business is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the second half of the year, and the in-house milk industry is expected to grow by 20% over the year.
Overall, double-digit growth is expected at the end of the company’s earnings in the second half of the year, and profit margins are not expected to decline throughout the year. Long-term logic: a modern milk industry cluster, continuous product innovation, full-channel distribution, etc.
The modern milk industry cluster: the company is moving forward with the dairy industry and its integration with other industries, has built up the modern milk industry cluster, while strengthening synergies in the integrated planning and operation of global supply, production and distribution, the modern milk industry cluster and global supply
The chain network helps to improve the overall efficiency of the company; continuous product innovation: the company continuously innovates its products by introducing new products, such as gold-coated superfiltration milk, gold-coated organic bulls, milk, ammush-0 sugar series, which satisfy consumers.
Consumption demand upgrades. 22H1 receipts are 12.48% of new items, and product innovation is an in-house engine for sustained business development; full-source layout: the advantages of deep distribution under the company lines are prominent, while also actively developing emerging channels such as mother and child, catering, power-market platforms and community shopping
A deep convergence of channels on the bottom line has effectively contributed to the acceleration of corporate business. Profit predictions and valuations: our dairy consumption per capita is at a lower level, there is much room for improvement in the future of the industry, and the company, as the leader of the dairy industry, will lead the rapid growth of the industry.
Ely shares: The product structure is improving and the profit level is improving.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.