In the first half of the year, performance grew steadily, and the milk powder business grew faster.
In the first half of the year, the company grew steadily. In the first quarter, 2022q1, the company’s product end-of-life sales were good. The stock of core products was good, and it was on schedule.
In June 2001, s03401210 was gradually improved. Given the company’s increased promotion of grants following the return to normality of the epidemic, the company’s net profit on q2 was generally slower than the increase in revenue. 2022q2, the company achieved operating income.
Huangdongyi@dgzq.com.cn’s milk powder and dairy business q2 increases faster.
Less than 4.53%. Other products are relatively less affected by the epidemic. Q2 milk powders and dairy products are growing faster in the company ' s operations, benefiting from Ao Yu. 2022q2, the company ' s milk powders and dairy products generated $6.676 billion in operating income, an increase of 83.41% in the same year.
His product q2 collects $4,499 million and $126 million, respectively, an increase of 29.28% compared to the company’s first half-year penetration rate. Sub-channels show that the company is now stepping up its full-source campaign, and building on the system’s availability, it is expanding its new channels, and it's leaking through its channels.
In the first half of 2022, the distribution channels and the direct lines of the company achieved, respectively, consumer research data show that 2022H1 liquid milk has grown in the same year as in the new retail channels.
The long-term goal of “global milk first” is to be achieved by 2030. With a combination of factors, such as slower upstream cost pressures, demand-maintenance and optimized product structure, it is expected that there will be further room for corporate performance and high-quality development.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.