Events: This week, we participated in the company ' s Investors ' Day 2022, where the company ' s executives attended all the time, where the Ily shares (600887), and where the current and future of the Ili are explained from the point of view of the industrial chain, product categories and strategy.
In terms of goals and strategies, companies are expected to achieve the fourth global milk industry this year, and the first global dairy goal by 2030 is expected to be achieved ahead of schedule. On the path to that end, companies will be bypassing the main industry by 2025, focusing on achieving the third largest global dairy industry by 2025, while continuing to research and explore the possibility of a global milk industry.
Along with the track and the new growth points, which will lay the foundation for development after 2025; internationalization will also be one of the real underpinnings of public development, but limited to the current complex situation, where real power will be achieved, or where companies will lead domestic pastoral development with regard to the 2025 milk source.
The country’s largest supplier of raw materials and the country’s largest special source of fresh milk produces nearly 2 million tons of good quality and fresh milk each year. At the same time, it is also a company that covers the whole chain of livestock, and many of its activities, such as breeding and feeding, are ranked first in the country.
For example, Eli has been a leader in the industry. At the end of the product, Eli has 2+2+x.
At the end of the pipeline, companies have multiple channels of integration across the line, covering different channels, such as supermarkets, convenience stores, grocery stores, o2o, power suppliers, and canals, to meet the diverse needs of consumers.
At the management level, on the one hand, companies have for many years built an innovative, strategic and highly effective team of managers; on the other hand, they are actively building digital platforms to digitize the liquid milk supply chain, production and channels, and to guarantee the continued healthy development of the liquid milk business.
Low-temperature milk is growing faster in the case of low-temperature dairy products. Eli's low-temperature products cover low-temperature yogurt milk, low-temperature milk, and beverages, which have grown faster in recent years.
On the one hand, the low-temperature milk has been integrated, and companies have been able to capture opportunities such as o2o, daily power suppliers, and self-build channels, and have continued to receive customers, increasing consumer stickyness and interaction.
\triangleright, the number of newborns in the country continues to decline and the pace of growth in the industry is constrained. But after the epidemic has subsided, the gap between delayed births during the period of the epidemic will be filled, and the number of newborns is expected to rise.
In this context, Eli built through a variety of products, brands, channels, etc., the first half of the year, February 15th, 2022.
On the product side, the company introduced a new line of care and industry, registered through the new national label, organic a2-child powdered gold with the crown of Sena. On the other hand, the mother and child channel is the core channel for infant flour.
The company, on the one hand, through the construction of a canning club, effectively empowers mothers and children, and, on the other hand, by focusing on the low-line urban mother and child system, laying the foundation for the long-term growth of infant powdering.
In the first half of the year, the company's mother and child channels grew by more than 30%, keeping the industry at the top.
According to Nelson, as of May of this year, child milk powders had increased by 52.4%, and the Ili child powdered qq star had increased by more than 200% in the first half of the year through joint cba marketing. The Ili adult powder was consistently ranked first in the industry, and it was also achieved in the first half of the year.
The growth of industry is first. Adult powder brands are signed and are fine-tuning their products, developing functional milk products, upgrading them and upgrading them according to the characteristics of different groups of people. Eli continues to take the lead in cold drinks. In the industry, the industry as a whole remains small and robust.
Growth, rising consumption, is the driving force behind the growth of the industry. The competitive pattern is that the market is medium, and Eli has an absolute lead for 28 years, with the number one, more than twice the number two. For brands, of the top five brands, Eli has three seats, and Cholertz.
It's a well-deserved first brand for the industry. On the one hand, there's a boom in cold drinks, there's a convergence of online and offline channels, and companies work hard to consolidate traditional channels, while at the same time focusing on incremental channels, on the other hand, on opportunities to tap online channels through digitalization, and on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other.
In the case of cheese, the market share is the second highest. Compared to our East Asian neighbors, Japan and Korea, our per capita consumption of cheese is low, and the market is potentially hundreds of billions of dollars.
After three years of rapid growth, the market share has jumped to the top of the industry in May of this year.
Second, in the second half of last year, the company set up a good cheese company to fast-track market opportunities through more flexible mechanisms. In terms of channels, the company is investing in expanding access to the o2o channel and the downside. In the first half of this year, the company ' s access to the o2o channel grew by 200%; in terms of access to the public channel.
With the newly introduced warm cheese last year, the Division completed 500,000 network coverages in the first half of the year, thanks to excellent channels in the various sectors of group fluid milk, milk powder, and cold drinks, which are expected to break through millions of shops by the end of this year. In terms of capacity, last year’s company launched a new cheese factory in the health valley of Eli.
Over 50 production lines will be laid out in the future, creating the largest, most technologically advanced and automated cheese processing base in the country. In terms of targets, companies will be able to achieve profit predictions and investment ratings over the next five years: low-level layouts, wind sizes, and attention. Short-term outbreaks will affect consumers.
There is a slight impact on the frequency of shopping in supermarkets, but the medium-term business milk market has risen. With the stabilization of the epidemic in the second half of the year, the demand for liquid milk will continue to thrive, the price of milk will continue to fall, the Aoi channel stock will be good, and we will look forward to the company’s future.
Risk factors: Food safety and increased competition in the industry. \triangleright planned a study by the Land Commission in Shenzhen City on the evaluation of the real estate tax base (National Social Fund), focusing on macros, macros, macros, and macros.
Real estate, fiscal issues. In 2015, I entered the country with a sales + research experience, with a focus on breaking through industries and shares, with in-depth research and follow-up on white wine, leisure foods, spices, frozen foods, etc., and with a focus on valuations and security margins.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.