The epidemic has affected the short-term pressure on liquid milk, and the long lead is strong.
Eli's share of 2022q2 is $32.42 billion, an increase of 11.2%; the mother's net gain is $2.61 billion, an increase in the same share. Multi-operational layout, with a steady increase in profitability over the long term, maintains a “buy-in” rating.
2022q2 company liquid milk revenues of $20.570 billion, or 4.5 per cent less, mainly due to the short-term effects of the epidemic; milk powder and dairy products of $6.68 billion, or 83.5 per cent more, of which: (1) the contribution of the Oyo dairy industry; (2) the growth rate of internal milk powder; and cold drinks of 29.4 per cent more than the previous year, except for the traditional liquid milk business, other businesses such as cheese have grown rapidly.
Strong, 2022h1 cheese business is 40% higher than the previous year. The company continues to drive product innovation to satisfy consumer diversification, compared to upgrading, mainly in terms of the optimal structure of its business, with a higher share of milk powder in its high Maori business; sales costs are higher than the same, mainly because of: (1) increased brand input to fast-growing products such as milk powder and cheese; and (2) the merger of the Australasia dairy industry.
With the exception of the olympic milk industry, the sales cost rate of 2022q2 has been largely flat. Foresight 2022h2, the original milk price forecast is relatively flat; rates are expected to drop slightly under the scale effect, and the company’s profitability is expected to improve.
"Performance is overexpected, opening doors are achieved - corporate letter The company's market share is rising steadily, with 2022h1 liquid milk market increasing by 0.1 pct on a year-on-year basis to secure industry number one; infant powder market increasing by 3.5 pct on a year-on-year basis, adult powder market increasing by 1.3 pct on a year-on-year basis; cheese market increasing by a year-on-year.
Spring Day has been opened, multi-operational layouts have increased by nearly 4 pct. On the one hand, the Ely shares have continued to build up their stereo-channel advantages to ensure the rapid development of existing operations;
On the other hand, continuing to open up new potential businesses like milk powder, cheese, multi-business, full-channel layout, corporate development, steady growth in performance, multi-business layouts, etc.