Ely shares (600887); targeted, positive feedback (for the first time) On 28/07/2022, the company held an investor day event and invited it
Investors are invited to participate in the modern, intelligent and healthy valley of Ely.
The first goal of the company’s global dairy industry remains unchanged and is expected to be achieved by 2025 or around.
The advantage of liquid milk is clear, the trend towards cold drinks, milk powder and cheese is positive. In liquid milk, there is a national milk-sourced advantage, with the largest volume of milk in the country. The company has formed a matrix of "2+2+x" products, the first of which is gold medallions, and the first of which is gold.
The Ammush mix, with more than 20 billion annual sales, and the second, Elysium cards, yogurt milk, with more than 10 billion annual sales, and x, with more than 1 billion brands, such as saturated milk, more fruit and qq-stars. For milk powder, first half of the year.
The Department's entire pipeline grew by more than 20%, and the country's product medals grew by the first, with the launch of the new gold collar, the crown of the Grand Monument and the Sena Herd, and the innovative creation of the “BabyCard” platform to create a new ecology for mothers and children, with the goal of becoming the first in the industry.
In cold drinks, there is good feedback on company layouts that are rare and enjoyable, as well as on the introduction of products adapted to outdoor scenes, such as miniature ones. The cheese business, the company introduced warm cheese last quarter.
Good feedback: 500,000 network coverages were completed in the first half of the year, and the shop is expected to break through by the end of the year.
Sun Shanshan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, collection of hot beverage plates, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, for not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.