The outbreak disturbed the short-term pressure of liquid milk and showed the accelerated expansion of Otomo milk powder recommended for the first time to cover the company's release of the 2022 mid-year report, bringing the total to $63.46 billion in the reporting period.
As a result of the q2 epidemic, transport is not well flowing, consumption is missing, liquid milk performance is slightly more pressured, milk powder, cheese products are on a high level of growth. By category, 22h1 collects $428.9/120.7/73.0/200/200.1 million for liquid milk/milk/cold drink/other products, respectively.
Due to the disruption of logistics transport under the q2 epidemic, and the lack of some of the consumption scenes, the terminal recovery began in June and the stock returned to normal. The breakdown shows that the end-end feedback base is higher than the high-end white milk, which we believe is mainly due to the epidemic.
The result is an increase of 32% after q2 and an acceleration in the harvest of milk powder and dairy products, which is expected to grow by the same 32%, against a background of a general depression in the milk industry in the first half of the year.
Disruption of sales. 18,878 cooperative distributors at the end of company 22h1, 18% ring + 18% ring, continued to be fast-tracked, and liquid milk received the same 16.8% increase in new retail outlets during the reporting period.
The company ' s ratio of māori to h1 was 32.45%, compared to +0.8c, with a small fall in milk prices in the first half of the year
In the first half of the year, Aoi focused on inventory and the net interest rate. q2 net interest rate is 8.1%, compared to 0.4 pct. Focusing on double catalyzing, the terminal is expected to stay warm.
In the long run, the company is looking forward to achieving its first goal in the milk industry, along with the improved brands of milk, milk sources, and product lines, which are expected to accelerate the recovery in the traditional marketing season and, especially, to slow the growth rate in the first half of the year.
At a time when the high Maori milk powder harvest ratio will continue to improve the company’s Māori ratio. The upgrading of the class ratio, the possible small fall in the price of structural upgrades and original milk, and the net profit rate of the company are still expected to increase slightly, taking into account the company’s historical valuation and the average price of the tap in the catering industry, will continue to improve the company’s Māori ratio.
The cost of original milk has risen, competition in the industry has increased, demand has fallen short of expectations, risks such as food security