Erie shares (600887), food beverages, breast milk has a strong edge, and the world is leading the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: Recent company-organized Investor Days, management and investors have taken a full step forward on five major corporate developments, development strategies, etc., to create the first goal of the global dairy industry. 1 - Continuous lead-up to warm fluid milk with 2+2+x brand matrix, continuing to lead the industry with billions of brands, including gold medals, Ammush, yogurt milk, and Ilemori brands.
Taking advantage of the rising demand for consumption, and introducing new products such as ostrich organic milk, a2 organic milk, and anamush yogurt milk, with a rich mix of products.
Electricians, etc., build private area flows to interact with consumers through digitally enabled traditional milk stations. Three, cheese, hundreds of billion-grade market space, the epidemic opens up the consumption of cheese for meals; new products are introduced with warm cheese sticks, which are more suitable for child leisure and snacks, and the food space is expanded. The cheese industry will be more concentrated.
Upgrade, the company's target for the next five years is first in the category. 4 - With the new country sign, infant milk powder formulas have decreased significantly, and the share of the head country's products has risen rapidly; gold crown products have a significant advantage and have the sole patent formula for the entire industry.
High-quality milk sources are well distributed, and scarce livestock resources are captured. The country suffers from a chronic shortage of milk, which is accompanied by demand for dairy products.
The livestock sector will gradually become scarce resources.
Two million tons, providing Elie with an adequate source of quality milk.
By 2025, companies will have maintained their current operations rapidly internationalized as a new support for their growth. In addition, companies will be able to optimize their structures, operate and invest in resources.
2. Eili shares (600887); product upgrades plus costs (600887); overall performance is re-innovated.
On schedule, Ily shares (2022-03-11): holding hands is good for each other, and the vanguards continue to be consolidated (2021-10-31).
The Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.