Incidents: Eli published the mid-2022 report. 22h1 achieved 63,463 million yuan, or 12.31 per cent of the year; net profit on maternity was 6,133 million yuan, or +15.23 per cent of the year; net profit on non-motherhood was achieved, formalized and q2 growth was robust. Q2 was formally incorporated into the Ili statement.
Apart from the income and net profits contributed by Oyu, the company earned $30,529 million in q2, i.e. + 4.76 per cent in the same year; the net profit from q2 was approximately $2,596 million, i.e. + 4.22 per cent in the same year.
33.7% of the same year + 1.67 ppts. On the cost side, increased inputs in the growing categories of items such as winter Olympics and milk powder, cheese, etc. resulted in a slight increase of 0.92 ppts, or 18.34%, in the cost of company sales; the management rate was 3.85%, compared to 0.31 ppts. Therefore, the company 22h1
8.06%, corresponding-0.49 ppts, but after the elimination of the income and net profits contributed by Aoyo, there was a slight decline and a structural increase of q2. 22h1 achieved $42,892 million, or +1.14%, in liquid milk camps; and 22q2 liquid milk camps were collected as a result of the second quarter of the epidemic.
White milk grew by more than 20%, and gold-column organicity maintained a rapid growth trend; low-temperature fluid milk declined by double digits, but low-temperature milk increased by more than 40%. Low-temperature and pyrolytic milk was affected by the epidemic and the properties of the product, which declined in the first half of the year.
In the first half of 2022, the company collected 12,071 million yuan, or +58.28 per cent, of milk powder and dairy products, in the face of a contraction in the whole industry. After the exclusion of Ao Yu, the amount collected was $10,184 million, or 33.54 per cent.
The rate of increase was the highest in the entire industry, with gold crown protection and organic serna ranching growing by more than 40 per cent; adult milk powder markets increasing by 1.3 pptts, leading the segment of the market; and cheeses, rising by 4.0 ppts, achieving a significant increase of over 40 per cent at the end of the harvest, and a jump in the market share.
Second, as a company's medium-term strategy, milk powder is still expected to grow at a compound rate in the coming years, and cold drinks continue to expand, with a greater lead.
The medium relative upturn of Sinda Securities Inc., with 22h1 making $7.295 billion in cold drinks, compared to the cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
+31.71 per cent, of which q2 is the same as +29.46 per cent, the company is in the position of long-term stability in the industry.
In the first half of the year, while maintaining the advantage of traditional channels, companies were actively looking at channel changes and hugging, liquid milk rose by 17% in the new retail channels, 30% in the catering channels, and milk powder by far in the mother and child channels.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: security margins are adequate, wind is good to look at. Short-term epidemics reduce the frequency of \triangleright consumers entering supermarkets, but the medium-term strategic operations milk powder market is very high
The company is pragmatic and active in communicating with investors, showing the good governance of the company. Given the uncertainty of the current epidemic, we're making a slight downward revision of the company's revenue and profit expectations for this year.
\triangleright has been working on the National Social Welfare Fund in Shenzhen.
Ideas of valuation and security margins. Personal public: Walking out of food drinks research. No talking, depth, depth, slowly coming out. A solid industry study of temperature, combined with stock understandings, working for investors. Master ' s degree, graduate from the Central University of Finance, two years of food and beverage research, two years of bond research.
Pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, multi-chefs, up-to-date foods), spices (acquainted with seafood, millet foods, culinary foods, natural foods, Qinghai International, etc.), are covered primarily by pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, multi-coloured foods), and two years of experience in food and beverage research at the Wang Yanan School of Economics, University of Xiamen.
To cover recreational foods (in-depth study of odious foods, weekly black ducks, brilliant, salted-and-salts, glycerine foods, etc.), and wine in the An Qui region (acquainted with the Gui Gon, the glorified wine), Zhao Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from the Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Liquor (in-depth study of Guo Dai, five grain fluids, Penang State cellar, Shanxi wine, tea industry, alcoholic wine, riverine shares, present-day fate, sauce plates, etc.) Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science and Research, graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States of America, followed by two years of U.S.A.
The milk giant Saputo is engaged in research and development, with a one-year experience in food and beverage research. It currently covers mainly dairy products (in-depth study of the shares of Elie, Montagnard, Good Bluedo, Kabyo, etc.). The components are neither relevant nor relevant, nor will they be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.