On 20 February, the company released its fast-track performance report for 2019: $13,241 million, an increase of 10.5 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $1,458 million for the mother, an increase of 45.7 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of $1,403 million for the non-retroactive mother, an increase in the same year.
Performance meets expectations, business continues to improve \triangleright 1 and results are consistent with wind expectations.
7.8 per cent; net return to the mother is $416 million, an increase of 118 per cent in the same year, with a 0.5 per cent increase in the ring.q4 single-quarter net gain2 and performance growth largely benefited from: a sustained recovery in the copper slab industry and better demand for downstream orders; and product balance, the Unit compared to the trend of 300 depths
(a) Optimization, with a significant increase in the Māori ratio over the same period; the effectiveness of control over raw materials and manufacturing costs, with a clear scale effect, with a sustained increase in profitability; and a significant increase in the performance of 5g capital build-ups, with full profit e-orders;
In 19 years, downstream pcb companies have continued to expand, the copper sheet industry has been recovering, and with a 5g-led pcb demand, the company has been able to get more orders in hand. In the long run, the copper sheet competes better than the pcb as a domestic company.
The company will benefit from increased profitability, driven by the recovery of the brassboard industry, and a trend towards high- and medium-end national production of the copper slab. There will be a significant improvement in profitable electronic operations, and high-frequency high-speed copper slabs are progressing well.
\triangleright benefits 5g capital trends as high-speed high-frequency copper plates continue.
Uphill, the company will continue to benefit from the 5g-sized capital trend. Equity incentives are implemented to highlight long-term development confidence.
48-fold overall, taking into account the fact that the company is the lead company in the country in the pcb field, for the first time, competition has increased in the industry: 2; production capacity is not as fast as expected: 3; risk of price fluctuations in raw materials: 4; Wang Fang; head of the electronics industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Co. Ltd., and acquired the jurisdiction of the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.