The pcb business is bright and the profitability has increased significantly - the 19th Annual Report Review (600183.sz) March 26th, 2020
Corporate ratings: increase (maintenance) by 44.81 per cent; q4 quarter growth in operating income of 3,771 million yuan, or 25.40 per cent over the same period; mother ' s net profit of 406 million yuan, or increase over the same period
113.52 per cent; Roe (average) 19.02 per cent in 2019, a year-on-year increase in performance in the q4 quarter, higher than expected year-on-year performance and high profitability Research Assistant: Wei Dae-chul
2.q4 A significant improvement in performance resulted from the over-expected and profitable pcb operations Billion dollars, +49 per cent year-on-year and 28.9 per cent Maori, an increase of 2.9 pcts year-on-year;
On the demand side, downstream communications operations with multi-storey pcb orders, single product volume increases, combined with the expansion of productive electronics plants, resulting in higher incomes. On the other hand, corporate product structures are further optimized, influenced by downstream demand, and high frequency.
1. Explicit scientific depth study - 5g HFccl High-speed coating plate production capacity increase and low-end ccl production line partially shut down; core target with growth greater than cycle - 190905
At the end of the raw materials, the prices of copper and epoxy resins have declined steadily, the price of the fibres has been maintained, the three-quarter assessment of the technology for profit - performance has accelerated, and the cost of the products has been stabilized. On the whole, the 5g order has brought the product.
The increase in the Māori rate and structural optimization have led to increased profitability. 3. The purchase orders are expected to be significant in the context of the new infrastructure, and the merger of subsidiaries is expected to yield a lifetime of technological gain of 600183.sh compared to depth of 300.
China's movement indicates that 5g-related investments in 2020 HNT and China Connect indicated that a 5gsa new project will be launched in 2020, with a combined collection of wireless main equipment of a projected size of 250,000 stations, high frequency and high speed.
The ratio is close to 30%, and the parent company has full confidence in its subsequent development, and if the score is removed and placed on the board, it will further enhance the company’s valuation.
Copper plates and glues are the company’s core business, with a current principal ratio of 75.54%, and companies have continued to increase their production capacity and technology in recent years. Assuming robust downstream growth in the pcb industry, driving the ccl industry to grow by 10% in the future, HF high-speed products are growing faster with 5g commercial accelerations.
In the next two phases of the Xijiang capacity design, a total of 30 million square metres per year, with a total investment of 2 billion yuan, in 2019, with an end-stage capacity of 12 million square metres per year, in 2020, with a further expansion of production in the Xinxi and Guangdong regions, it is expected that 130 million square metres of copper will be achieved by the end of 2020
Production. Business revenue growth is expected to be 10% in the three-year period 2020e-2022e. The construction peak of 5g, coupled with the company ' s expansion of smart production lines, is expected to lead to further improvements in production efficiency, considering that the company ' s printed circuit board operations are largely e-contributed by subsidiaries.
It is proposed to invest $2.5 billion in an expansion of production in Gian, with an annual production capacity of 700,000 m2, expected to contribute to performance in the second half of 2020, affected by new infrastructure, and a marked increase in downstream demand for pcb, with no higher bargaining power expected to be up and down, maintaining an “uptake” rating.
The profit scale in Schedule 1 (millions of yuan) is a public compliance channel, and the analytical logic of the report is based on my professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.