The performance for the year ended 25.03.2020, with the new capital increasing the need for copper coatings.
In 2019, we reported a high rate of innovation in 2019q4 and a recovery in the Māori rate for all products.
Quarterly revenues are newly high. For the year 2019, the revenues from the company ' s coatings and stickers were $10.02 billion, equivalent to the market value in circulation (million yuan): 2,41 per cent higher than the growth in the production of circuit boards, 3,042 million yuan, 49.42 per cent higher than the increase in both categories of production.
New infrastructure increases the demand for corporate products At the national level, new capital 5g is being pushed forward, and the coating board, which is an important upstream pcb raw material for equipment such as base stations, data centres, etc., is expected to grow significantly in 2020.
Global pcb output will increase by 3.3%. Meanwhile, the demand for high-frequency copper plate products rose in the 5g era, and supply-side companies were active in building new capacity, disbursing corporate top-ups, generating technology.
The fixed assets of the company in 2019 were $5,033 million, an increase of 44.75 per cent over the previous period, mainly due to the firm's solidification of construction projects, and the company's ongoing construction at the end of 2019 was $963 million, an increase of $113 million over the previous year.
After the break-up of the three-quarterly electronics company Research-Survey Technology (600183), which brings the company to the market, the electronics will be connected directly to the capital market - the profits will continue to be high in the first quarter, and the 5g commercial companies will start to grow.
"Step 2019.10.31 " Chandler Wins " .
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, produces the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts it.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.