Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre Annual Report 2019, which announced that in 2019 the company would have earned $13,241 million, i.e. + 10.5 per cent for the year 2019, and a net profit to the mother of $1,449 million, i.e. +44.8 per cent for the year.
The business-wide Māori rate increased significantly, mainly as a result of increased unit prices and regulatory efficiency: The company ' s Māori rate in 2019 was raised from $105/m2 in the first half of the year to $108/m2, and the unit direct material cost decreased.
As a result (low price of fabrics in 2019, enhanced material use control by companies); and as a result of the increase in unit productivity, the pcb Māori ratio was increased from 3.
(manufacturing costs fall by 4.2 pct to 19 per cent) and although there has been a decline in the ring ratio for pcb operations in the second half of the year, it is mainly due to the increase in depreciation due to the consolidation of new production capacity, with short-term costs absorbed into future growth savings. 5g/data centre demand is strong and levels of operations are growing: 5g equipment will be laid up on a large scale over 20 years.
With the high demand for additional servers, the 5g network triggers a wave of re-routing, and we first judge the entire electronic demand for 20 years, and the market climate rises, with the corresponding benefits of the coating as a base material; and secondly, the company actively collaborates with communications/server customers in the development of high-frequency high-speed coatings, the volume of which is expected to increase significantly in the year (Gang).
In the light of the relatively high unit price and the Māori rate for this class, the rise in Piti will make a significant profit; finally, the company ' s profit-generating electronics is the main supply of the domestic communications class pcb board.
The company, which has a high share in equipment purchases, will provide an incremental basis for 20 years of new production in Jiangxi.
Yoo Yeon-yeon 34x/27x/23x, taking into account good corporate patterns, the scarcity of high-frequency ccl, lower downstream demand, and the higher-than-expected decline in the shareholding ratio of productive e-marketing parent companies.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment