Science and technology (600183) Information technology hardware and equipment (IT)
Events: The company issues a fast-track report on its performance, which in 2019 is expected to generate business income of $13,241 million, leading to growth in its performance in three dimensions: production capacity, average prices, and raw material costs. The growth drivers of the company this year can be summarized into three dimensions of production, average prices, and cost: (1) increased production.
Good discounts are available, and the capacity of hard-coated coins (including ptfe) has increased appreciably compared to the beginning of the year, and there has not been a significant recovery since the fall in prices in the second half of the year, with lower cost pressures, and companies have achieved effective control over the creation of capital and increased overall profitability.
5g, server-led upswing, and growth is expected to continue in 2020. For the company's 2.19q4 - 2020q1-based Jiangxi phase and the 2020q3-expected Gian project, idc construction is expected to drive the high speed and demand for high-frequency ccl products such as hydrocarbons and ppo continues to rise.
The company ' s product structure is expected to be further upgraded, and at the same time this is why the consumption of such products will result in a monthly increase in part of the price of the product; for the pcb, the share of high-value products in the company, driven by the construction of 5g, still has the scope to increase further; and (3) the cost of raw materials
On the other hand, in the last price-raising cycle, the company ' s single-season Māori rate was maintained at a better level (20 per cent or more), which is an excellent reflection of the company ' s ability to track upstream raw material price trends, sound storage strategies and transfer of costs that have accumulated over the years in the ccl industry.
Companies will continue to benefit from better cost-control. Based on the above analysis, companies are expected to continue to grow better when the 5g base station and the idc-led ccl and pcb markets are on the rise.
High-end copper plates replace lead sheep. The company develops the production processes of hydrocarbon plates, po and high-speed plates, buys the full package of processes, technologies and equipment that have evolved into ptfe products in Japan, buys the coating line of Korea’s lg to produce soft-plate production and uses the technology to produce lcp.
And mpifccl, with the advent of the 5g, the demand for high-frequency high-speed boards is expected to grow rapidly, and the companies mentioned above are expected to gradually open up new, forward-looking layouts at both the hardboard and soft-plate ends, which will drive the demand for copper coatings, semi-stabilized tablets and pcb, and the company's output in ccl and pcb.
This will continue to expand over the next two years, and there will be a continuing upward trend in the product structure, which will have the most direct pull effect on the growth of the company ' s income and performance, with the company ' s station construction expected to be less advanced than expected; and (3) the additional capacity will not climb as expected.
Profit projection and financial indicators: Institute, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.