The income growth rate has been steady and positive, with new products and second-growth curves - stone technology (688169) + 28.43 per cent in the tri-quarters of 2021; net return profit of $1.016 billion equal to 12.98 per cent.q3 quarter total business income of the company.
Respond positively to maritime pressure, q3-quarterly high-base pressure for income growth loops relative to warming. H1 in 2021 was affected by the lack of capacity caused by the closure of the epidemic, adding higher revenues from overseas markets and slowing corporate incomes and performance rates.
By reducing the pressure on maritime transport, and with good results. o 3-quarter total corporate income is +22.88%, taking into account the high base pressure for the same period in the past year, and the steady recovery of revenue growth reflects the firm’s strong operational resilience.
\triangleright \triangleright or affected by the rise in the price of core parts, such as chips, 3 sales ratio of 6.26 pct to 48.50 per cent; on the other hand, the company launched in late August from clean ground robotsg10 and smart land washing machinesu10,
Improved product lines and increased sales cost inputs for dynamic marketing, continued brand promotion, and sales costs ranged from +4.04pct to 14.98%. Ovie data show good results since corporate domestic marketing, and in September, the market share of retail sales on the company ' s land sweep robot line ranged from +6.22pct to 14.72%.
q3 R & D inputs +65.1% year-on-year, commercial products are steadily building a second growth curve q3 quarter R & D investment costs $112 million, +65.1% year-on-year, driving R & D costs from +1.94 pct to 7.58% year-on-year. Through high investment in R & D, companies continue to expand their technology moats.
Small batch trials have been completed and started in October for the winter Olympic complex in 2022, and it is expected to open the b-end market in the future, leading to a second-growth curve for companies. The valuation level is below the comparable company average. Given the continuous increase in penetration in the field of robotics, companies act as industry dragons.
The s01012100013 head is expected to continue to benefit, adding a strong product innovation capability, a deep technology moat, and maintaining a “recommended” rating. The pressure on maritime transport is less than expected, the demand for clean-up robots is less than expected, and the pattern of competition in the industry has increased.
1. Stone technology (688169) 2021 reported performance rating: high R & D and expanded technology to protect cities and rivers, with the second growth curve gradually emerging
A summary of data projections on corporate financial statements would create a permanent board member of the Investments Chamber who would be good at forward-looking research on the industrial chain and deep digging of high-quality targets. In 2021, he joined the Civil Securities Institute as assistant to the Dean of the Institute, author of a certificate of qualification or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,