We're looking forward to the next move.
The company released its annual report for 2016, which generated 45.5 billion yuan, compared with 59 per cent in the reporting period; the net return on the mother contributed the bulk of the profits and performed slightly above expectations: a net profit of 1.63 billion in gold petrochemicals in its subsidiaries was 28.2 per cent, a decrease of 8 percentage points in the same period, owing to the inclusion of a light quartz oil consumption tax in the operating income guide.
With a high Māori rate of 15 years, the Māori median income tax rate has fallen from 25 per cent to 15 per cent; the Pta Māori rate, which is $132 million for Zhejiang and $43.7 million for Hainan, is fully profitable, but the industry is still in a relatively low processing fee environment; and the Māori rate for fibre optics has increased by 3 percentage points from the same year, with improved wiring earnings.
The decrease of 82 per cent in construction work in progress is the result of the basic consolidation of gold petrochemicals in China; an increase of 116 per cent in management costs, resulting from an increase in the cost of research and development in China; a significant increase of 89 per cent in financial costs of $1.26 billion, attributable to an increase in interest payments and loss of exchange ($490 million); and an increase of 113 per cent in intangible assets, attributable to the purchase of land in China.
As a result, non-recurrent gains and losses of $330 million occurred during the reporting period, mainly from hedged operating gains (combined with $215 million from futures and forward foreign exchange contracts). Although there are significant contingencies, given the considerable volume of exchange losses, we believe that the year-round performance is still much larger than market expectations.
Foreign companies announced that Xiang would replace Kwok Chenggang as General Manager and start a new and old management rotation.  The tightness of the supply of benzene will change substantially: 22 million tons of benzene were needed in the country in 16 years, and 12.36 million tons of benzene was imported, leaving a huge supply gap.
Disturbing fluctuations such as giving, pta loads, aromatic aromatic loads, trade frictions, etc., but the long-term price margin is determined by the pattern of supply of and demand for di-benzene itself, and the rate of release of new production capacity is a determining factor. Asia, particularly domestic production, is still slow to release, and large-scale production is expected to start after 2019, before the supply and demand pattern can change substantially.
In Asia, 42% of devices in productive capacity are below 500,000 tonnes, 30% of devices need to outsource raw materials, and even in the future, high-flow capacity, especially in large-scale and process-integrated plants, will win in future competitions based on size and process advantage.
▪ Focus on China’s expansion and group petrochemical projects: the company’s future perspective comes from China’s expansion and the group’s petrochemical projects.
At the group level, the 40 million tons of petrochemical integration project was approved by the Group on April 11 and is expected to accelerate in the future.
Pyrochemicals (002493): One season after delivery, not only will the gap in the supply of aromatic hydrocarbons be addressed, but it will also effectively reduce these important chemicals.
The company’s next move should be closely monitored, given the potential for future capital operations due to competition between Zulcochemical and listed companies. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Limited has become eligible for portfolio investment consultancy.