Eon Seok Seok-seok (002493) Acquisition of Zhejiang petrochemical equity to accelerate the expansion of the upstream industrial chain
The group's assets are injected. Speed up the extension of the upstream chain.
The Zhejiang petrochemicals project is a 40 million-tonne/year smelting project being built in the Zhejiang Shoshan by the Pyrochemical Holdings Group, the Giant Group and others, with 51 per cent of the funding. According to the Environment Review, the total size of the project is 40 million tonnes/year smelting capacity, with 8 million tonnes of aromatic hydrocarbons and 2.8 million tonnes of ethylene.
The total investment was about $173.1 billion. One of the projects was built on 20 million tons of refined oil, 4 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons and 1.4 million tons of ethylene, the main products being aromatic hydrocarbons, ethylenes, acrylicenes, polyethylenes, polypropylene, gasoline, mtbe, etc. The domestic supply gap was about 12 million tons, with 9 million tons of raw materials needed to reach its current counterpart.
Combined with unbuilt capacity, the demand for benzene is 11 million tons in the long term, while the current production capacity is only 1.6 million tons, which is far from being met, and rapid expansion and a strong aromatic chain is the firm’s inevitable choice.
This asset injection will create a future capacity of more than 40 million tons of refining capacity, with a capacity of about 12 million tons for the production of benzene, and will not only fully guarantee the self-sufficiency of the company ' s pta production, but will also fill the huge gap in the domestic market, which is expected to grow into a huge refining giant with a market value of hundreds of billions of dollars in the future.
The “pta-polyester” industrial chain warms up in one quarter, the second quarter overhauls of diphenyl ethers are overexpected The average price of pta in the first quarter of the year was $5,325/ton, an increase of approximately 24 per cent over the same period, and the average price of piling silk (poy, for example) was $8,600/ton, an increase of 32 per cent over the same period, with an increase in the respective price margin, with companies possessing pta equity products
About 6 million tons, and 900,000 tons of filamentary capacity, have benefited significantly from the return of the “pta-polyester” industry during the first quarter of the year.
With a total of 4.72 million tons of fcfc 930,000 units in place. In 2015 and 2016, with only 4.38 million tons and 4.52 million tons of capacity for maintenance, we conclude that during the second quarter of the season of polyester consumption, there will be a tight supply of dibenzene, which is expected to drive the pta price up.
There is a significant advantage in the cost of work, with average processing costs of about 450-500 yuan per ton, about 300 yuan per ton below the industry average. In the context of 6 million tons of equity capacity, performance elasticity is enormous, and according to our calculations, px-pta Zhang Mingjiang
1. Glory petrochemicals (002493): middle gold petrochemical release performance, summary of company financial statement data projections
Yang Lin, Bachelor of Chemical Engineering and Technology, Master ' s Degree, Certified Accountant, China University of Chemical Technology, formerly the accounting firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers, State Securities, Director of Chemical Industry, Pacific Securities Institute, April 2017, joined the Chemical Team of the Institute of Civil Securities, Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Arts and Engineering in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineers, Central University of Technology, Lear, France
In the rubber, titanium powder, new materials, composite fertilizers, and civilian explosives industries, an analysis of the basic chemical industry began in October 2015 and joined the Chemical Team of the Institute of Civil Securities in May 2016.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.