The Quarter Report predicts a sharp increase in the same ring.
The company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2017, which realized a net profit of $60 ~660 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies during the reporting period, an increase of 298 ~337 per cent over the same period.
We expect that the same-year increase will come from a full year and last year's work began only a month later. Performance remains largely a contribution to the gold petrochemicals of fully-owned subsidiaries, with the gold monthly profits estimated at about $170 to $190 million, the rest being a relative total profit and net profit, with a 14 per cent effective tax rate in the 16-year fast report, compared to the first three.
In the reporting period, the income tax rate for gold petrochemicals has declined from 25% to 15% from the 16-year fast report. We have adjusted the data in the three-quarters of last year to the new rates and then to the same-year ratio.
▪ The supply and demand patterns of benzene are difficult to change in substance, and profits will remain strong: 22 million tons of benzene were needed in 16 years, of which 12.36 million tons were imported, leaving a significant supply gap. For benzene, profitable water will fluctuate in the short term with disturbance of raw materials, pta loads, aromatic loads, trade frictions, etc., but long
At the heart of the price differential is the pattern of supply and demand for the benzene itself, and the rate of release of new production capacity is a determining factor. Asia, especially domestic capacity, is still slow to release, with large-scale production coming in after 2019, before supply and demand patterns change substantially, and profits on benzene will remain strong.
Even in the future, with less than half a million tons of devices, 30% of them need to outsource their raw materials, and even if the long-flow capacity, especially the large refinery of refining integration, moves down the price gap in the future, it will win a higher return on investment in future competition, depending on size and process excellence.
▪ Focusing on the movement of China Gold Extensions and Group Pulsification Projects: The company and the fugitive control of fossilization require about 9 million tons of diphenyl ethers, with only 1.6 million tons of existing capacity, and rapid expansion and strongness are inevitable options, while refining integration to guarantee the supply of low-cost raw materials is essential.
From the China-King extension and group-based petrochemicals project. China-King-Pulsification is excellent, planning is long-term, land is abundant, and the supporting facilities are adequate. The last two issues are likely to occur. 40 million tons of petrochemical integration projects are still under way at the group level (20 million tons of refined oil, 4 million tons of benzene, 1.4 million tons of ethylene)
The project is proceeding steadily, with a high degree of project integration, and downstream products also include imports of coal, pe, ppp, ps, pc, meg, mma, etc., which are equally highly dependent. Not only will the shortage of aromatic hydrocarbons be addressed, but they will also effectively reduce the dependence of these important chemicals on imports from South Korea and Japan.
As a result of peer competition, future petrochemical injections into listed companies are likely to occur, and Dong Oo Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has become eligible for portfolio investment consultancy.