The Quantified petrochemicals (002493), which are reported to have increased significantly in the first quarter of the reporting period, are due to an increase in the rate of gold petrochemical start-up on April 26, 2017.
Shen Xiaogen issued a quarterly report in 2017, yielding $15.6 billion, or 116 per cent, during the reporting period; net return to the mother, $621 million, or +311 per cent; eps 0.24 dollars/share; net return to the mother, expected to be between $1.0 billion and $1.2 billion in the first half of the year
The same-year increase is due to an increase in the rate of gold petrochemical start-up: the vast majority of profits are still contributed by gold petrochemicals in the subsidiaries, and the same-year increase is mainly due to the completion of the production of gold petrochemicals this year, which began only one month in the same period last year. In the case of aromatic hydrocarbons, the average price difference per quarter for benzene-pesal oil is $390 per ton.
By contrast, according to the 28 million minority shareholder rights, there is a loss in the Dalian pta plant during the first quarter of the year; and the optics, the Māori rate of operations is still good and the profit/contribution ratio is low. Non-recurrent gains/losses, of which $134 million, include hedges, futures (pta futures, benzene/pestal oil/fuel forward contracts) and forward foreign exchange contracts: management fees
The same-year increase of 106 per cent represents an increase in expenditure on R & D costs; the same-year increase of 82 per cent in financial costs represents a substantial change in the tightness of the bank ' s supply of benzene: 22 million tons of benzene were needed in the country in 16 years, and 12.36 million tons of benzene was imported, leaving a significant supply gap.
Disturbing fluctuations such as giving, pta loads, aromatic aromatic loads, trade frictions, etc., but the long-term price margin is determined by the pattern of supply and demand for diphenyls themselves, and the speed of new production and release is a determining factor. Asia, particularly domestic production, is still slow to release, and large-scale production is expected to occur after 2019, before the difficult supply and demand patterns for diphenyls are in place.
Between US dollars. Forty-two per cent of Asian production capacity is below 500,000 tons, and 30 per cent of devices need to be outsourced for raw materials, and even if the long-flow capacity, especially for refining integration, moves down the price gap in the future, the big plant will win a higher return on investment in future competition, depending on size and process advantage.
• Focusing on China’s expansion and group petrochemical projects: the company’s future perspective comes from China’s expansion and the group’s petrochemical project.
With a high degree of integration of petrochemicals, downstream products also include imports of coal, pe, pp, ps, pc, meg, mma, etc., all of which will be delivered after delivery, not only will the aromatic supply gap be addressed, but will also effectively reduce these important chemicals.
Import dependence on South Korea and Japan. Because of competition between ZPs and listed companies, there will be future PEs (002493), reporting that annual reports on capital operations are possible, and close attention should be paid to the company’s next move.
Eun Seung Seok-seok (002493), report: One quarter, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.