The chemical industry continues to look at the high profits of aromatic hydrocarbons and the integration of industrial chains.
• Events: The company issued a quarterly report, which generated operating income of $15.6 billion in the first quarter of 2017, an increase of 116.2 per cent over the same period; the net return profit of $620 million was realized, an increase of 311.5 per cent over the same period. The company forecast the benefits to be released in the first half of 2017, resulting in a significant increase in the company’s profitability over the same period, while pta plates and fibreboards
There is a strong profit from gold-based aromatic aromatics and there is still room for improvement in the future. Medium gold-based aromatic aromatic aromatics produce 2 million tons, single-line production is the largest in the world, accounting for about 11.5% of the country's total capacity, and investment costs and operating costs are far away.
In 2016, the device was operating for about 10 months, generating $11.5 billion and $3.24 billion, according to which the annual net profit from the aromatic device is expected to be as high as $2.2 billion. Our px is over 60% dependent on the outside world, has a huge import replacement space, and has stable demand for pta and polyester downstream of the px, largely for years.
In view of the high profitability of the px, we believe that the company will probably consider the ability of the company to continue to do a major px business. The pta plate is gradually becoming more elastic, and the future will be so resilient. The pebbles and stubble petrochemicals are in the pta industry.
The absolute dragon, of which Precious petrochemicals have an equity capacity of about 6 million tons, has a huge cost advantage and price-fixing voice. The pta industry has little future capacity, and the uncertainty is that it will be restored to the Far East.
We believe that, with the gradual liquidation of backward capacity, the concentration of pta capacity will increase further, and the firm’s resilience will be enormous. The Qingshan Project is an important point of view for the company’s future.
Ten thousand tons of ethylene are expected to be ready by the end of 2018. Due to peer competition, the project will probably help companies to share profits across the entire chain and further improve their resilience to risk.
2. Premium petrochemicals (002493): China’s gold petrochemical profits are strong.
3. Precious petrochemicals (002493): To enjoy the full benefits of the industrial cycle reversal dividend, the year-round performance is expected to exceed expectations No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.