The chemical industry is performing as expected, continuing to look at high aromatic aromatics and integrated industrial chain layouts, South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: Annual corporate reports, 45.5 billion yuan in operating income in 2016, an increase of 58.7 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of 1.92 billion yuan, an increase of 4.45.5 per cent over the same period; basic per share gain of 0.76 dollars. The company aromatic plate benefits significantly, contributing most of its performance, pta plate and fibre plate over several years.
As a result of the sexual adjustment, there has been a steady recovery under the effects of a slowdown in new production capacity and a gradual increase in downstream demand, and the supply-demand relationship has improved. At the same time, the company has announced a profit distribution programme, with a strong profit-making margin of $1.2 (including taxes) per 10 shares of gold-based aromatic aromatics, and there is still room for improvement in the future.
With the largest single-line capacity globally, accounting for about 11.5% of total national capacity, and far from investment costs and operating costs, it is estimated that annual net profits from aromatic aromatic device are expected to be as high as $2.2 billion. Our px is over 60% dependent on the outside world, there is significant import substitution space, and the demand for pta and polyesters downstream of px is stable and largely annual.
In view of the high profitability of the px, we believe that the company will probably consider the ability of the company to continue doing a strong px business in the second stage of the horse. The pta tablet is growing, and the future is so resilient.
The absolute dragon, of which Precious petrochemicals have an equity capacity of about 6 million tons, has a great cost advantage and price-fixing voice. The pta industry has little future production capacity, and the uncertainty is that the two devices are being re-produced in the Far East and in the Fung Pox. The pta price is still in the cutting edge of the industry, which makes it even more difficult.
We believe that, with the gradual liquidation of backward capacity, pta’s concentration of capacity will increase further, and the firm’s resilience will be enormous. The Qingshan Project is an important point of view for the company’s future.
Tons of ethylene are expected to become operational by the end of 2018. Because of competition, the project will probably help companies share profits across the entire chain and further improve their resilience to risk.
2. Glory petrochemicals (002493): reaping the benefits of a reversal of the industry cycle, with a year-round performance expected to exceed expectations
Assumption 1: pta supply and demand patterns continue to improve and industry climates rise, with the Māori rate of 4.5 per cent for the next three years, and scenario 2: significant release of aromatic hydrocarbon products, with room for optimization of the facility ' s profitability, with Māori rates of 30 per cent, 31 per cent and 32 per cent, respectively, for the next three years;
Assumption 3: supply and demand patterns in the detergent sector are gradually improving, the rates of maori are maintained at 10 per cent and 14 per cent, respectively, for filament and filamentation, while the rates of pre-polysis are maintained at -3 per cent and for slices at 1.8 per cent. Assumption 4: there is no significant change in the company ' s three rates.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income of the company for 2017-2019 in the following table:
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.