Gold petrochemical release performance, q1 high growth performance, Glory petrochemical (002493) company dynamics
The company issued its first quarterly report for 2017, which achieved revenue of 15.599 billion yuan over the reporting period, an increase of 116.20 per cent over the same period; the net profit realized from parent companies was 621 million yuan, an increase of 311.47 per cent over the same period; and the most significant increase in performance in the first quarter was achieved by the gold-platinated aromatic hydrocarbons project.
The company's most significant contribution to the significant growth in its performance in the first quarter came from the 2 million tons aromatic hydrocarbons project, which was smooth in the first quarter of the year, and our data monitoring showed a difference of $390 per ton in the first quarter of 2017 between the price of “pesal oil-px”, which was a small decline of about $405 per ton over the same period last year, and the overall profitability remained unchanged.
Very well, we judge that the gold aromatic aromatics project is expected to make profits of $2.224 billion in mid-2017, while the failure to come to a possible intermediate petrochemical phase II project is expected to continue to expand px capacity. The “pta-polyester” industry chain warms in the first quarter, and the px in the second quarter is overexpected.
The average price of the unit compared with the trend of depth 300 is $5,325 per ton in the first quarter of 2017, an increase of about 24 per cent in the same year, and the average price of the scrubbing silk (for example, the poy) is $8,600 per ton, an increase of 32 per cent in the same year, with an increase in the corresponding difference, with the company having the pta rights
Approximately 6 million tons of productive energy and 900,000 tons of filamentary capacity have benefited significantly from the warming of the “pta-polyester” industry during the first quarter. The px facility in Asia has been concentrated in the second quarter, with a total capacity of 857 million tons, including 30 days of monthly repairs in the country and a combined domestic capacity of 3.85 million tons; and the international dimension includes 1 million tons of installation in the Total industry in Hanhua.
With a total of 4.72 million tons of fcfc 930,000 units in place. In 2015 and 2016, with only 4.38 million tons and 4.52 million tons of capacity, we have judged that the supply of px will be strained in the second quarter of the season of polyester consumption, which is expected to drive a phased increase in pta prices.
This is a significant advantage, with average processing fees of about 450-500 yuan per ton, about 300 yuan per ton below the industry average. In the context of 6 million tons of equity capacity, performance elasticity is enormous, and according to our calculations, the px-pta price differential Research Assistant: Zhang Mingjian
The risk of a sharp fall in pta prices and the risk that the project will not go as far as expected.
2. Pyrochemicals (002493): China’s highest profitability, growth is an important point in the future. 3. The annual Pyrochemicals (002493), and the quarterly reviews:
In the second quarter of the year, pta significantly improved the forecast of company financial statements, Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials Science and Engineering, Qinghua University Department of Chemical Engineering, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineer, Central University of Technology, Lear, France
In the rubber, titanium powder, new materials, composite fertilizers, and civilian explosives industries, an analysis of the basic chemical industry began in October 2015 and joined the Chemical Team of the Institute of Civil Securities in May 2016.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.