Emeritus and petrochemicals (002493.sz) q1 a year, the company achieved operating income of 69.721 billion yuan, i.e. 1.63 per cent of the year, ring + 8.98 per cent of the year; net repatriation profit of 1,468 million yuan, i.e. 147.11 per cent of the year, ring + 30.44 per cent of the year; net deductions were realized
The loss of 2023q1 crude oil inventory and the depreciation of the plant resulted in a continuing loss, but a better business performance link. 2023q1, Brent crude oil had an average price of $82.10 per barrel, down by $6.53 per barrel (-7.37 per cent) from 2022q4.
In order to follow-up processing production, the decline in the price of 2023q1 crude oil has resulted in some stock loss, and the loss of the research assistant in the Xiaoxian petrochemicals industry. In addition, the depreciation margin after the fixed phase II project, for example, has squeezed the profit margin.
With a weak recovery in demand and a loss in the performance of 2023q1, control measures for the epidemic continue to be optimized, domestic demand begins a sustained recovery phase, and the polyester industry may well be at the bottom of this.
Reverse opportunity. Market price differentials for 2023q1, pey/fdy/dty/bottle-grade slices, respectively.
Acceleration of phase two, profitability and valuation, high performance resin projects, high end new materials projects, 250,000 tonnes/year polyester membranes of Shao Hein Sein Technologies, Pulsification (002493.sz): Profits
The second phase of the expansion project and the second phase of the Sein Yuan optics project.
Performance 2022.05.09 Fully operational, the first installations for the high-performance resin project were completed, and the high-end new materials project was completed.
More than 10 billion dollars. As domestic demand continues to be repaired, the price volatility of cumulative cost-side crude oil is reduced, the smelting platform, the high-end new materials are available, and the company’s performance is expected to rise to a turning point.
In March 2023, the shareholders in the company held a great deal of 2022 q3 performance pressure, and the future development of high-end holdings signed an agreement with the Saudi Arabian-American-owned company aoc on the transfer of shares to be held.
New Materials 2022.10.26 “Introduction of Saudi Arabian-American strategic investments, cooperation and transfer of 1,013 million shares of companies to aoc by agreement, with the honor of petrochemicals and sands”
2023.3.28 Tea Mae signed the Agreement on the Purchase of Crude Oil, the Ats Framework Agreement, the Framework for the Supply of Raw Materials, the 2022 Performance Pressure, the 2023 End
A number of strategic agreements, such as the contract, the chemical framework agreement, the refined and chemical products framework agreement, the crude oil reverse framework agreement 2023.04.20 Storage framework agreement, are safeguarding the supply of raw materials, customer resource, etc. of companies
We believe that the conclusion of a long-cycle agreement between the company and Saudi Arabia for the purchase and storage of crude oil can effectively enhance the protection of raw materials supply and reduce the instability of the supply of raw materials; and the agreement between Saudi Arabia and Saudi Arabia for the purchase of chemicals.
Further development of the international market space for products and deepening of strategic cooperation among overseas clients; technology sharing between companies and Saudi Arabia and the United States is expected to contribute to a growth breakthrough in the distribution of the company’s products.
In 2022, the company was founded with two subsidiaries: cindasecuritiesco., ltd New Materials (Chuyama) and New Materials (Taizhou) for the refining of raw materials.
On August 17, 2022, the company issued an announcement stating that it would produce phase one and phase two of the work.
Construction of new 300,000 tonnes/year ldpe/eva (pipeline) installation, 100,000 tonnes/yeareva (Buttle), 400,000 tonnes/year ldpe, 200,000 tonnes/year dmc, 3 x 60,000 tonnes/year pmma and 1.2 million tonnes/year abs
350,000 tonnes/year α-olefin device, 2 x 200,000 tonnes/year poe polyoleene flexible device, 80,000 tonnes/year polybutylene-1, 1 million tonnes/year acetic acid device, 2 x 300,000 tonnes/year acetic acid device, 300,000 tonnes/yeareva/ldpe (pipeline) device, 2 x 150,000 tonnes/year academia device, 250,000 tonnes/year
Prospective earnings and investment ratings: we expect the company to return to its net profits in 2023-2025, respectively.
After domestic demand has been restored, corporate performance in refining and polyester plates is expected to improve, while the high-end new material field layout and the higher profile of the industry has opened up a two-time growth gap for glory. We maintain a “buy-in” rating for valorization.
Risk factors: risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; risk of less than expected recovery of demand; \triangleright risk of excess refining capacity; risks of less than expected progress in construction of a company ' s construction projects; downstream production
Member of the Nuclear Expert Council, the China Society of Geology and Minerals Economics, and member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), and for over a decade, research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, as well as the conduct of the “13th Five” National Coal Survey
From 2019 to the present, Li Chunjing, cfa, a member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, Nanjing University, were responsible for conducting research on the coal sector.
Research on large energy panels such as Lei, Gas, and others. High-level Doctor of Mining, Senior Engineer, former Minister of Investment and Management of Secondary Enterprises, China Coal Industry Group, Chinese University of Mining (Beijing), who worked for many years in coal mining, technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and joined the letter in June 2022.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States of America, has three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, in fictional research on applications for power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity research.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical sector. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in petrochemicals.
In July 2022, they joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which works as a master of industrial economics at Jilin University, and in July 2022, in the coal and coal industry. The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.