Incidents: On the evening of 19 April 2023, Emeritus published the 2022 annual report.
The impact of the Houthis petrochemical industry research assistant is that the price of international crude oil has risen significantly, adding to the impact of the domestic epidemic, lower demand for downstream terminals, higher expectations, and corporate performance. At the cost end, Brent's annual average oil price is $99.04/barret.
At the end of demand, the economy as a whole slowed down, infrastructure investment was weak, chemical consumption was weak; downstream textile and clothing demand fell and consumption was limited, and the population ' s travel radius was narrow, the demand for finished oil was significantly reduced, and domestic gas was reduced throughout the year.
The demand for oil, diesel and aviation kerosene fell by 11.6 per cent, 4.7 per cent and 28.6 per cent, respectively, for refining: 1) ZP2 was fully operational in January 2022, but was not as profitable as expected under the cost-side and demand-side double-strikes, and ZP3+2 achieved a net profit of $6.052 billion for the entire year.
Pride petrochemicals (002493.sz): Psyrochemical phase two accelerated, profit and slide 4.72 ptt.
The price difference of 2023q1 has improved, and the company is on the move. Since 2023, it has been accompanied by a steady increase in profits in the country, a steady improvement in petrochemical phase II controls, a sustained recovery phase of domestic demand, and the polyester industry may be at the bottom.
Reverse opportunity. Market processing price differentials for 2023q1, Poy/fdy/dty/bottle-grade slices, respectively, are " Glory petrochemicals " (002493.sz): based on a big smelting platform, the layout is new at high end
*Introduction of strategic investments in Saudi Arabia and the United States of America, combined with projects such as Project II and Project II for the expansion of the membrane, and Project II for the production of high-performance resins, the Advanced New Materials Project, and the Insein Technology 250,000 tonnes/year polyester, as domestic demand continues to be repaired.
In March 2023, the company’s controlling shareholders signed a share transfer agreement with the Saudi Arabian-American wholly owned company, aoc, to transfer the shares they held.
The company's 1,013 million shares were transferred to aoc by agreement, while the company's petrochemical and sand Sinda securities company, Inc., signed the Agreement on the Purchase of Crude Oil, the ats framework agreement, the raw materials supply framework.
Itd Building No. 1 of the 9th House of Crest Street, Beijing City West Side, Chemical Framework Agreement, Framework Agreement on Refined and Chemical Products, Crude Oil
A number of strategic agreements, such as the Storage Framework Agreement, further deepen cooperation in securing the supply of company raw materials, customer resource expansion, industrial layout, and technological synergies. We believe that the company ' s long-cycle crude oil procurement and storage agreement with Shat'Ami can effectively enhance the supply of raw materials.
Barriers that reduce the instability of the supply of raw materials; agreements signed between Saudi Arabia and the company for the procurement of chemical products, further opening up the international market for products and deepening strategic cooperation among overseas customers; and technology sharing between the company and Saudi Arabia and the United States, which is expected to contribute to a growth breakthrough in the layout of the company’s products.
In 2022, the company formed two subsidiaries, the \triangleright New Materials (Chuyama) and the Precious New Materials (Taizhou) to refine the raw materials.
Value added, building new chemical materials upland. New material project currently being promoted by the company: 1) On 17 August 2022, the company announced that it would invest 19.2 billion yuan in new 300,000 tonnes/year ldpe/eva (pipeline) fittings to be used as the main raw material for petrochemical phase I and phase II projects.
Construction of 350,000 tonnes/year α-vinyl hydrocarbons, 2 x 200,000 tonnes/year polyolefin fleximeters, 80,000 tonnes/year dmc, 3 x 60,000 tonnes/year pmma and 1.2 million tonnes/year abs
Further expansion of high-end chemical materials and high-end chemical materials and high-level chemical devices, including ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene
In addition, on 18 August 2022, the Department issued a public announcement stating that the controlling subsidiary, ZEP, was to invest 1.4 million tons of new ethylene/yearly ethylene and downstream industrial devices (phase II engineering product structure optimization). The total investment in the project was 34.5 billion yuan, with funding.
On the one hand, there is an increase in production of raw materials such as acetylene, providing sufficient raw material security and scope for companies to develop new downstream high-value-added materials and fine chemical industries; on the other hand, there is a further reduction in the proportion of output from finished oils, the efficiency of refining oils and the reduction of units.
Product emissions, contributing to green low-carbon development. Profit predictions and investment ratings: we expect the company ' s net return profit in 2023-2025 to be restored after domestic demand was restored, and the performance of the company ' s refining and polyester plates is expected to improve, along with high-end innovation.
We maintain a “buy-in” rating for glory petrochemicals. Risk factors: the risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; and the need to recover less than expected;
Risk of excess refining capacity; risks of less than expected construction of the company ' s ongoing construction projects; risks of slow restoration of downstream profits; Nuclear expert member, member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s pool of experts, formerly the China Coal Industry Association
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) has been involved in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields for over a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016.
Li Chunzhi, cfa, a member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Nanjing University, were researched on large energy panels such as securities and natural gas.
He worked for years in coal production first, in technology management for coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the coal industry.
In June 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for electricity research. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. In July 2022, he joined the Shuda Securities Research and Development Centre for petrochemical research.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for a new cruise in petrochemicals, Master of Financial Sciences, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for coal, Wu Bojing, Master of Industrial Economics, University of Jilin, and the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for coal and coalworking.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.