Precious petrochemicals, improved performance during the quarter, improved product matrices, reduced cost pressures, and the ability to repair petrochemical profits are expected to be restored. In 2022, crude oil prices were high, and the petrochemical industry operated.
Short-term pressure to realize a net profit of $6.052 billion, a decrease of 72.86 per cent in comparison, and a decline of 14.42 per cent in comparison with the figure of $83.83 per barrel, according to wind statistics. In 2022, carcinogenization (phase II) was fully operational, with an increase of 20 million tonnes/year in refining capacity, 6.6 million tonnes/year in aromatic hydrocarbons and 1.4 million tonnes/year in ethylene production capacity, zirconium.
As crude oil prices drop, cost pressures ease, and petrochemical performance rises. The new material product matrix continues to be rich, and the company has a wide potential to grow.
1.4 million tonnes/year, 260,000 tonnes of polycarbonate ester production, 60,000 tonnes of soluble polybutylene rubber production and 380,000 tonnes/year of polyether production. At the same time, the company has deployed new energy materials products such aseva, dmc, pc, and abs in the field of new energy sources and high-end materials.
On March 27, the controlling shareholder and the power-sharing industry flew.
Aoc signed the Agreement on the Purchase and Sale of Shares to transfer 1,012,552,501 shares to the Aoc Agreement at a price of $24.30 per share. At the same time, the Company and its subordinate holding companies signed the Agreement on the Purchase of Crude with Saudi Arabia and its associates, the Ats Framework Agreement for the Supply of Raw Material, and the Chemical Framework Agreement.
As a result, Saudi Arabia and the United States of America have achieved a high-value premium on petrochemicals, reflecting the global investment value of the smelting integrated enterprises. On the one hand, the signing of a strategic cooperation agreement will help to stabilize high-quality raw materials.
Prescription of supplies, on the other hand, is expected to expand its overseas distribution channels for chemical products, guaranteeing stability in the petrochemical industrial chain. The strategic collaboration between petrochemicals and Saudi Arabia’s Arab-Americans is expected to facilitate a cross-cutting shift from a domestic petrochemical giant to an international petrochemical giant.
Crude oil prices fluctuate sharply; the economy falls sharply; policy risks lead to production restrictions or demand below expectations.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy operations Petroleum petrochemicals: refining and trade