Quarterly report 2023 issued by the Eun Seok-seok (002493.sz) incident company and revenue earned by the company in the first quarter of 2023
The price spread of refined products has generally expanded, and companies have improved their performance in the first quarter by 2023.
The price differentials for industrial products were generally narrow, coupled with a decline in the price of raw materials stock; by ring comparison, the company ' s improved performance was dominated by a general increase in the price differentials for refined products, but also for diesel fuel and shipping coal. With the subsequent resumption of domestic economic activity, demand for finished oils and chemicals is expected to hold.
Rehabilitated, company performance is expected to continue to improve in the context of high crude oil prices. 3#Ethylene and downstream chemical plant projects are proceeding in an orderly manner, and the structure of the petrochemical products is further optimized. 40 million tonnes per year of petrochemical integration projects (phase II) are fully operational in 2022.
It has 11.8 million tonnes/year aromatic hydrocarbons and 4.2 million tonnes/year aromatic hydrocarbons.
Ten thousand tonnes/year abs, 60,000 tonnes/year soluble polybutylene rubber, 100,000 tonnes/year syrup rubber, etc. As the project ' s capacity is released, it is possible to develop new downstream high-value-added materials and refined chemicals for the company on the one hand.
The industry provides sufficient raw material security and space for expansion; on the other hand, it can further reduce the proportion of output of finished oils and achieve efficiency gains in refining oils. Building on the advantages of the refining platform, the industry is pushing towards a new material field of 40 million petrochemicals.
Ton refining integration projects, companies accelerating the deployment of new downstream chemical materials, targeting new energy sources and high end materials, deploying new energy products such aseva, dmc, pc, and abbs, and growing product chains. There are currently high-energy resin projects, high-end new materials projects.
As new projects progress steadily, new energy materials, renewable plastics, special synthetics and high-end composites will be scaled up and the transformation of new materials will accelerate.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.