The petrochemicals group confirmed on the bottom of its history, turning up!
The company ' s annual report for 2022, published on 19 April 2023, now stands at $28.995 billion, an increase of 63.31 per cent over the year; and the net return profit is realized.
2204 showed a significant loss and the company ' s performance was at a high level of record: the company ' s products in 2022. 2. "Emergency and petrochemicals: the scenery, the boom! " , cost increases of 105.51 per cent over the same period, significantly exceeding the increase in the sale price of the product, the company ' s output.
3. Short-term Performance Repressive, Long-Term Growth Adequate! - Three Seasons of Emeritus Pulse Pulsification Reporting Point
With the recovery of the domestic economy, demand for end-products has recovered, sales prices for petrochemical products have been restored, price differentials have been restored, weighted average price spreads for 2023q1 products have been introduced into the Saudi Arme battle, and deep-smelting projects have grown with greater certainty: companies have introduced
The company’s supply of raw materials for deep-processing projects is guaranteed by the strategic investor Saudi Ame, which has concluded a package of framework agreements including crude oil purchases. At the same time, the company has accelerated the deployment of new materials, new energy sources, downstream, in line with the TOP 40 million-ton refining project.
New materials such as PVeva, dmc, pmma, abs, α-vinyl hydrocarbons, poe polyolefin elastomers, nmp, etc., and new energy products are expected to gradually increase the value added of the company ' s products, coupled with the progressive release of the new capacity, with greater certainty that the company will grow.
Profit predictions, valuations and ratings, we look forward to the performance restorations resulting from the warming of demand, and to consideration of the contribution of the end product, the former oil price, in the process of moving into production of the company's new energy materials.
(1) Risk of large single-way fluctuations in oil prices: (2) recurrent disruption of product sales and transport by the epidemic: (3) serious deterioration of end demand: (4) geopolitical risk: (5) less than anticipated progress in project construction; (6) risk of significant fluctuations in exchange rates of the United States dollar; (7) other force majeure effects.
The short-term downside of demand for 1 q4 endpoints, with poor price transfer leading to performance under pressure, and the publication of the company's annual report for 2022 on 19 April 2023, which achieved business income of $28,905.5 million, an increase of 63.31 per cent over the year, and a net return to the mother of $3,340 million, a decrease of 73.95 per cent over the same period. Of this total, 2022 q4 was reduced by 73.95 per cent.
An increase in industry income, with 2022q4 performance losses at the bottom of history, mainly due to a significant increase in the price of crude oil at the cost end, but a significant loss in demand on the demand side, due to poor transmission of prices due to weak demand, resulted in a marked loss in performance in the single quarter. In 2022, the company’s major subsidiary, Zhejiang petrochemicals, and the poor performance of Sino-Kindite petrochemicals, dragged down the company’s performance, leading to the achievement of Zhejiang petrochemicals all year round.
Net profits amounted to RMB 6,052 million, a decrease of 72.86 per cent in the same year, of which 2,487 million were lost in the second half of 2022; year-round demand for the goldstone annual end market improved, the price of company products recovered from the price of sale led products, and important subsidiaries of companies failed to perform or had marginal rehabilitation possibilities.
Figure 5: The price differentials for petrochemical products recovered in 2023 The historical percentage of the difference in prices of the company ' s products declined significantly in 2022 compared to 2021, with the impact of the weighted price differentials for each product throughout the year. In 2023, the demand for the end product recovered and the price differentials for each product recovered significantly.