On April 26, 2023, the petrochemicals team released its first quarter report of 2023.
With the recovery of end demand, the company's future performance is expected to be sustained: Company 1. "Emergency petrochemicals: historical bottom confirmed, turning up! "
There has been a marked improvement in the ratio of 2023q1 to 2022q4. With better end demand, 2023q1 Zhejiang reference product price differentials have continued to be repaired, with 11.49% wider rings, and 2. "Eon Sein petrochemicals criticise: Great refining is coming to the top of the world!"
The price of crude oil in 2023 was high, the cost-end stock loss was reduced, and the price differentials were reasonable.
There is a high probability that inter-zone and future performance will continue to be repaired. Lower oil prices have resulted in some stock losses: the price of 2023q1 crude oil has continued to fall or has resulted in a partial stock loss for the company, with the average price of 2023q1 crude oil at $82.10.
/Bold, ring is down 7.37 per cent from the average price of 2022q4 crude oil of $88.63 per barrel, while the average sale price of the company's products has also fallen somewhat, or has led to a significant increase in the stock of the company's products.
The 1.4 million tons of ethylene and downstream chemicals projects, the high-performance resins project, the high-end new materials project, the 250,000 tonnes/year polyfat film expansion project, phase II, and the Hen Yuan optics project are all well under way, along with the company ' s future production capacity.
At this point, the capacity of products such as photovoltileeva, dmc, pmma, abs, α-vinyl hydrocarbons, poe polyolefins, elastomers, nmp, etc. will be significantly increased, contributing to the extension of the industrial chain and contributing to further price differentials in the company ' s products.
Profit predictions, valuations and ratings, we're looking at the performance restoration brought about by the warming of demand and the contribution to the low price of the end product, the original oil, as the company moves into the process of deep processing of new energy materials, but we're looking at it.
(1) Risk of large single-way fluctuations in oil prices: (2) recurrent disruption of product sales and transport by the epidemic: (3) serious deterioration of end demand; (4) geopolitical risks; (5) project construction progress less than anticipated: (6) risk of significant exchange rate fluctuations: (7) other force majeure effects.
On 26 April 2023, the company ' s first quarterly report for 2023 was released, with a net profit ring reduction of 31.16 per cent for losses to the mother, and a recovery of 2023q1 performance.
At the same time, lower oil prices have also led to a certain decline in the average sales price of company products, with an average sales price of 6296 yuan per tonne for 2023q1 Zhejiang petrochemical reference products, or a 4.14 per cent decline in the ring ratio, or to corporate output. It is worth noting that the company ' s performance of 2023q1 has shown a marked improvement over its performance of 2022q4.
In 2023, the price differential for the 2023q1 Zhejiang petrochemical reference product continued to be repaired, with the ring wide by 11.49%, and the average price margin for the Pyrochemical products plus the margin by 9.64%. In 2023, the oil price center was hit by a high-level shock, the cost-end inventory loss was reduced, the product price differential returned to a reasonable range, and future performance is expected to be sustained.
Figure 4: Weighted sales prices and price differentials for Zhejiang petrochemical products Chart 5: Historical percentage of monthly price differentials for Pyrochemical products by company Pyrochemical 3-year production of 1.4 million tonnes of ethylene and downstream chemicals projects, high-performance resin projects, high-end new material items
In the course of successful progress on projects such as the second phase of Xiao Hein Sein Technologies, the 250,000-ton/year polyfat film expansion project, and the second phase of Xin Mae fibre optics, with the gradual release of future productive capacity of the company, the production of products such as PVeva, dmc, pmma, abs, α-vinyl hydrocarbons, poe polyolefin elastomers, nmp, etc., will be significantly enhanced, contributing to the extension of the industrial chain and will contribute to the downgrading of the company's products.
Efficiency gains have led to a further widening of product price differentials.