Small increase in operating income, Māori influences the net profit of the mother - 3-quarter review in 2024
Hu Hsiao-woo's cost control has been effective. Quality of investment: we've been organized according to the company's business announcement, and the company was added in the first three quarters of 2024.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the average price of a rental dwelling was taken to the market: 20 September 2024, guaranteed rental housing under the company's flag.
Reit – The Commissariat Fund for Hibakusha Rents Reit, completed and marketed on October 23rd. The Reit collected a total of 1,368.7 million yuan.
Focus on the core city. Biannual review, 2024. 2. [Galactic Realty] Company review, fast-tracking, Māori drops, mother-to-man profits drops. Financial soundness, tight leverage.
Investment Focus Core _ One Quarterly Review, 2024 3. [Galactic Estates] performed fast, running hand in hand _ soliciting 12.92x, 11.88x, maintaining a `recommended' rating.
Cobra Quarter 2023. Double-digit growth in performance and steady increase in sales _ Trader Quarterly Quarterly 2023
The risk of a fall, the risk of a failure to return the funds, the risk of a failure to pay the debt, the risk of a failure to pay the debt, the risk of a failure to pay the debt, the fact that the business has committed itself to producing the present report independently and objectively and with diligence, clearly and accurately reflecting my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.