Repurchase of shares in competitive transactions, investment confidence in a strong corporate background
On 16 October 2024, Merchant Snakes Co. Ltd. issued an announcement announcing that the shares of the company would be repurchased by means of a centralized competitive exchange, to be repurchased through the Shenzhen Stock Exchange trading system with either own or self-financing, and that all the repurchases would be cancelled and the company ' s notes reduced.
The company as a whole has a strong business performance, a strong sales ranking, an active acquisition of open market land, and a repurchase of shares will further stabilize investors’ positive expectations of the company’s business continuity. We maintain profit forecasts, management buyback proposals, and shareholders have no plans to lose.
Trader Snakes announced that, based on confidence in future development, and in order to enhance investor confidence, stabilize and enhance corporate value, they would buy back company shares through a centralized competitive exchange. The price of this buyback did not return, and the share of limited terms and unlimited terms of sale changed slightly, but the total number of shares decreased.
Purchases do not have a significant impact on the company’s operations, profitability, finance, etc. The company’s chairman, Mr. Jiang Tiefeng, proposed a buy-back on 13 October 2024, and the shareholders concerned did not have a clear plan of increase or decrease during the buy-back period, and after buying back shares, the company will perform legal procedures such as notifying creditors and will cancel all of its registered capital.
On October 14th, a number of listed companies announced their plans to increase or buy back. Of these, six issued their plans for repurchase, namely, call-back ships, buy-outs, buy-out roads, and call-back snakes.
There are three companies that have issued increases in sales, sales and sales during the Fourth of July, and trade rankings in China and China; three companies have issued notices for foreign and Chinese shipping, foreign sales, and shares in South Oil and Liao Harbour, respectively.
This time, the company buys its shares back in a group, which is conducive to investment.
Investing in confidence and enhancing the positive expectations of capital markets for sound company operations.