Events: Companies issue their first quarterly report in 2024. 2024q1, companies achieve revenue of $13,755 million, companies perform robustly, and fee-type business income drags on performance. Companies broker/investment/capitalization/
1) Brokering, 2024 q1, market equity fund transactions, 5926 trillion yuan, same as the U.S.
As of April 27, the company’s ipo reserve was 264, located first in the industry. On bond underwriting, at the end of the quarter, the assets of the company’s financial investment were 80,196 million yuan, compared to 12.0% at the beginning of the year.
On March 15, the CSRC released its Opinion on Enhancing the Supervision of Securities Companies and Public Funds to Accelerate the Construction of First Class Investment Banks and Investment Institutions (pilot). Emphasis was placed on accelerating the process.
Business performance is robust, industry leads or pro-growth policies move forward with the construction of a first-class investment bank with a specific timetable.
Risk factors: volatility in capital markets: policies fall short of expectations: a large reversal of self-employment, with less than expected growth in the operations of the IBM, and good performance of the IBS S.A.
In November 2019, he joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Center.
Master ' s degree in economics, University of Shandong; Master ' s degree in economics, Higher School of Business, Angé, France; three years ' experience in the non-banking financial sector; formerly Zhang Kaijing; Master ' s degree in economics, Wuhan University; Master ' s degree in actuarial sciences, Boston University; four years ' experience in actuarials, June 2022.
Some of them are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of a securities investment consulting business approved by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sinda Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.