Quarterly 2024: overall performance was better than industry, with a head net profit of $5 billion, corresponding to 8 per cent, and a parent net asset of $280.9 million, compared to +4 per cent at the beginning of the year.
Reduced income from self-employment: 2024q1, equity market volatility, debt market performance relative to the higher base of equity assets held by companies. 2) Short-term finance vouchers payable and buy-back expenses increased, net interest income declined: 2024q1, net corporate interest income was equal to -
Between 44 per cent and 300 million yuan (2 per cent of the total). 3) Exchange rate fluctuations and exchange rate gains have increased: the overall decline in light asset operations has been small, the long-term leadership of the investment portfolio has remained strong: 1) the market has remained stable at $900 million (6 per cent of the total), and the long-term leadership has remained strong.
The State Department issues studies and reviews of the State-owned asset management report and changes in accountability.
Report of the Secretary-General on the promotion of efficiency in the financial sector, focusing on the creation of a “national team” in the financial sector.
In our view, the Report assesses that self-employment is relatively robust, and that it is highly competitive.
Earlier, the CSRC’s “good and good” expression in this State Department’s headline “good and good” reflected high-level expectations of leading financial firms in the world, with Sino-Sino-Sino securities expected to benefit from policy dividends, and a more prominent headline advantage.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: in the medium term, but the current market environment is still recovering, market sentiment and investment operations are subject to cyclical adjustment factors, but markets are in the long run, capital market reforms continue to be optimized, macroeconomic recovery is gradual, and head bonders control risks
We believe that Sino-Sino-Sino securities will enjoy a greater policy dividend; so we, the combined advantage of the company as the head bonder, look forward to its long-term business development and maintain the “buy-in” of Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., which, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is already qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.