Winch stock, short-term performance, long-term prospects for the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Events: The company issued a fast-track report on its performance, which achieved business income of $31,544 million in 2022, an increase of 3 per cent in the same year, net profit to the mother - $352 million, a decrease of 40.8 per cent in the same year, net profit to the deceased - $3,844 million, a comparison: the company ' s pig industry was still in a state of significant loss and monthly loss to the company was reversed in June.
The sale of 806,000 meat pigs resulted in sales revenue of $13.44 billion, with an average sales price of $13.59/kg, a 42% decrease. Since the African pigpest, the company has restructured its disease prevention and control system, optimized its pig-planting structure, and continued efforts to reduce efficiency gains have been steadily reduced in the face of rising feed prices.
Profited, but with higher feed prices, the cost of farming increased, the overall Māori rate decreased, the company sold 490 million plumes in the first half of the year, achieving a sales income of $14.14 billion, the average price of the chicken sold was $13.88 per kilogram, the price of the pig was upwards, there was still a short-term possibility of a reversal, and the company's business was better.
Short-term hog prices have risen rapidly to around $23/kg, but subsequent increases in supply may have contributed to falling prices. Price upscaling markets may be characterized by pressure-barrying behaviour, analysed from the point of view of the ability of the pig to grow, and based on historical information, decolonize was around 23 per cent between October 2013 and September 15, corresponding to about 97 per cent of the pig price;
And the restructuring and increasing productivity of sows have led to an increase in the number of sows if the number of sows is to decline, and the number of sows is to be reduced if other conditions are to remain unchanged.
In the long run, the company is expected to increase its performance, owing to the fact that the cost of farming was higher than the full cost of buying pigs from abroad, the cost of vaccinations, etc., and the efforts made to control it gradually decreased. ..The yellow geese climate is likely to rise and the company’s yellow chicken plate is more profitable. On the one hand, the price of pig production is higher.
In the second half of 19 years, the price of pigs rose rapidly, rising to $21 per kilogram in September and November, 13 per kilogram in white chicken, and the length of the season for the production of yellow feather chickens. On the other hand, the industry itself will continue to do so for longer periods of time.
The same level in 2021. At the demand level, yellow pheasant chickens, a native species of the country, have a certain rigidity in demand, and after the new crown outbreak has been effectively controlled, the overall market needs have warmed back, the supply gap has been reflected, and the price of the elastic resilience is high. In 2021, the company sold 1,001 million chickens (chicks, fresh foods and cooked foods), approximately.
The country has 11% of the total number of yellow chickens and white chickens, ranked first among the companies listed in the same industry. And companies are focusing on innovation, professional chicken breeders, and have a leading and well-structured yellow chicken breeding base in the industry, one of the most well-established units in the country with access to high-quality chicken genetic resources.
Winch shares (300498): yellow chickens or mood swings are restricted, companies continue to push for an upgrade in the poultry industry, increased slaughtering and prefabricated vegetable operations, 150 million chickens sold in 21 years, an increase of 18.33 per cent in the same year, and the company has accumulated the total.
Worker ' s chicken slaughtering schedule can produce 285 million units per year, selling a total of 16889 tons of prefabricated vegetables throughout the year. 2. Winch shares (300498): short-term performance pressure, poor Winch shares (300498): significant recovery of profitability.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.