Wen's share (300498.sz) Livestock farming is expected to continue the positive trend in the second half of the year.
239.78 million yuan, q2-quarter net profit ring ratio, and the same ratio was negative. In the first half of 2022, the company ' s whole pig-breeding plate was still in a state of loss, while the poultry-breeding plate was higher than the previous trend, and in June it began to make a monthly profit.
\triangleright Market data: August 18, 2022. 8.06 million head of raw pig sales in the first half of the year (including pig and fresh products), 70.8 per cent increase over the same year.
As the price of pigs rises, the company’s pig-breeding plate began to wreath in June. At the end of the mid-term, the company’s high-efficiency stock of about 1.2 million piglets, with 10.8 hogs in its homes, the continuously optimized pig-planted structure provides a strong guarantee for the company’s subsequent exit planning and mitigation efficiency gains.
During the first half of the year, the company ' s poultry farms were profitable as a whole, and the trend is expected to continue in the second half of the year. In the first half of the year, 488 million chickens (with chickens, fresh products, and cooked foods) were sold by the public minister, an increase of 0.88% over the same year, with a gain of 0.43% over the same year.
The main reason for the sharp decline in the Māori rate of the same year in the poultry industry is that, influenced by the high prices of feed raw materials, the rise in farm costs squeezes the profit margin of the current poultry industry. Led by the return of pig prices, the price of the chickens is expected to run at a higher level in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year, and corporate poultry.
In view of the marked increase in pig prices since June, we have adjusted the profit forecast for the company upwards.
\triangleright presents this report in an independent and objective manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.