q2 performance swings to a profit, and livestock taps are expected to rise at full cost. \triangleright \triangleright
In the first half of the year, the company sold 80.6 million head of pork (including fur pigs and fresh products) at an average price of $13.59 per kilogram for the sale of the total raw pig business, at a full cost of $16-17 per kilogram, and at a combined cost of $18 per kilogram (including other gains and losses such as the elimination of the pig).
In the last two years, efforts to optimize pig-planting structures and promote efficiency gains have continued, and the results are beginning to be felt, with the cost of meat-farming falling steadily, with 10.8 per cent of the homes housed, and a steady increase in the number of pigs on the market, nearly 90 per cent. With the return of pig prices in June, the company pig industry achieved a monthly reversal of losses after more than a year of losses.
In the first half of the year, the company sold 488 million chickens (with chickens, fresh products and cooked food), 24.329 million ducks (with ducks and fresh products) and the poultry industry as a whole.
Revenue from sales increased by 8.51 billion yuan, or 8.73 per cent, to 47.09 per cent of operating income. The upgrading process continued to be effective, with about 285 million chicken slaughter orders produced in the first half of the year, fresh chickens and cooked meals, and chickens sold a total of 71.1715 million, an increase of 1.74 per cent.
In the first half of the year, the number of chickens on the market was 94.9%, compared to 2.87%, down from 0.01%, with production performance maintaining historical highs, and production cost control of chickens keeping industry ahead of schedule.
+ Modern Farming Zones + Farm Households, one of the main drivers of the company's sustained growth and growth, often referred to by industry as the “Window Model”. In the first half of 2022, the number of cooperative farmers in companies dropped by 5.35 per cent, and the share of cooperative farmers in total households in all regions was 43.09 per cent in the South China region and 43.09 per cent in China.
In-depth report on Winch shares (300498.sz): the birthing of pigs, the return of the king, the sale of pigs, chicken symbiotic resonance periods and 2022 ranching equipment, i.e. 902 million yuan, 646 million yuan and 255 million yuan, respectively.
The strategy is to explore the South-East Asian market, to focus on the market for poultry equipment, which is 68% longer than ever before, and to lay a solid foundation for a long-lasting future war. The supply of chickens as a whole is still tight, and there is a high overlap between yellow chickens and the season of pig consumption, and prices are still high in the future.
It is possible. Now that the pigs and the yellow chickens are already turning the cycle, the company, as the pig and the yellow chicken grow the dragon head, is expected to benefit fully from the exponentially high-valued dividends of the animal landscape and maintain the “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.