Coal industry (601225.sh) realizes an annual operating income of $17.9 billion, i.e. +241 per cent, and a net return of $21.2 billion to the mother.
Coal production has remained robust, reducing efficiency gains and contributing to cost-effective corporate development. In 2023, the company achieved 164 million tons of coal, or +4.1 per cent of the year; coal sales, 253 million tons, or 12.6 per cent of the year, were made, with self-produced coal sales, 164 million tons, or + 5.3 per cent of the price.
In terms of cost, companies achieved coal sales at a cost of $102.6 billion, or +14.5 per cent; the full cost of home-grown coal was $297 per ton, or 13.04 per cent, and the cost of trading coal was $677 per ton, or 10.6 per cent.
This control led to a year-on-year decline in the full cost of coal mining, which contributed to the sustained and cost-effective development of enterprises. In the first quarter of 2024, companies achieved 41.45 million tons of coal, or +1.39 per cent of the year; coal sales amounted to 61.47 million tons, or +9.16 per cent of the year, of which 4,091 million tons, or +1.17 per cent, were produced by themselves.
In the context of the contraction of coal production across the country, companies have benefited from their own coal endowments, low natural disasters, and good storage conditions, and coal production has remained steadily increasing throughout the quarter.
In 2024, the company will focus on strong ownership, efficiency, and profitability. In 2024, the company will focus on improving business efficiency and profitability.
On the management side, the company insists on improving efficiency and accelerating the process of achieving a high-cost, high-cost system of management. On the development of high-quality production capacity, the company is actively promoting the advance work of the Trench One and the Western Trench Rabbit Survey Area, which is building up for sustainable development.
The company’s capital expenditure and liabilities have fallen, and there are plenty of money in hand currency, and the potential for future dividends is to be expected.
The loan was fully repaid and the long-term loan was $2.9 billion. At the same time, the company was working on money money.
In 2023, the company announced that it would find a gold dividend of $12.7 billion, and that it would be able to divide its future in the context of falling spending, deflating investment operations and focusing on coal owners.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: We believe that domestic power coal prices are expected to operate at a high mid-point in the context of persistent energy inflation. At the same time, the Xinxi coal industry is holding up high-quality coal resources in North China, with a long-term potential for greater production and release space, and corporate prospects for the future.
Risk factors: uncertainties in the macroeconomic situation; geopolitical factors affecting the global economy; uncertainties in policies in coal- and power-related industries; safety of production accidents in coal mines, etc.
Member of the committee, the expert bank of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, a member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, and former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association, who worked for more than a decade on research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, the revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
From 2019 to the present, he is responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunzi, cfa, a member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and a Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, who worked as a researcher on large energy plates such as natural gas.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese Mining University (Beijing) and a senior engineer, who was the head of the Chinese Coal Industries Group ' s second-tier Enterprise Investment and Operations Department. He worked for years in coal production, technology management in coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations. He joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 and worked in the coal industry.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity industry research, XinXinhua, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance, Southwest. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
In July 2022, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the coal sector. Lee Wei, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in September 2022, which conducts research in the coal sector.
Tang Jiayu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2023 for research on natural gas and electricity, Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research on coal.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.