The collaborative strategy is effective and the marginal benefits of scale-up are increasing the efficiency of the cloud collaboration, authorizing business growth to accelerate again. The business is authorized to generate revenue of $803 million by 2020, an increase of 61.90 per cent compared to 61.90 per cent. The company actively promotes the use of cloud-to-column office and cloud-to-collaborative services by users from desktop and mobile ends.
By virtue of branding effects and good compatibility, companies are in the top position to maintain their share of the country’s formal software market, especially since coverage in the party market is far ahead. With party-based and industry-based innovations, the scale of mandated operations is expected to continue to grow at a higher rate.
The advertising industry achieved $349 million in 2020, a decrease of 13.61 per cent in comparison with the previous year. To boost the rapid development of cloud applications and cross-end collaboration, enhance user experiences, and corporate owners move to scale down advertising.
The main objective of the phase is to adjust the structure and direction of the advertising business, taking into account the continuing decline in the volume of revenue, which will help the users to become more sticky. Billion dollars, 63.18% more than the previous year, mainly from the contribution of individual members’ business.
As the need for corporate-level cloudization becomes apparent, cloud-based office products such as wps+ for small and medium-sized client groups are growing rapidly.
There is considerable room for improvement, and with the growing abundance of corporate cloud-collaborative office product matrices, SME market penetration is expected to increase corporate performance, and we believe that the high profile of subscriptions will continue, with scale effects driving gross marginal gains in scale and high-quality performance growth. In 2020, companies achieved a Māori ratio of 87.71%, compared with Piti.
A 2.12 percentage point rise; the cost rate fell to a historical low of 61.78 per cent; net interest rate of 39.21 per cent was equal; operating cash flow of $1,514 million, an increase of 158.57 per cent over the same period. By the end of 2020, contractual liabilities amounted to $833 million, an increase of 90.18 per cent over the previous year ' s year ' s previous year ' s year ' s year ' s year ' s year ' s year ' s previous year ' s year ' s year ' s year ' s year ' s year ' s year of advance payments, which guaranteed performance growth in 2021.
It will be further highlighted that companies are expected to fully enjoy the benefits of national production substitution and cloud-cooperative office development.
I. The subscription authority is robust, forward-looking indicator performance is achievable, and the office office office in Kimsan is a leading and autonomous core technology provider in the country.
By December 2020, Wpsoffice and the Golden Mountain Pyramid had combined a total of 474 million, an increase of 15.33% over the same period, of which the wpsoffice desktop mau was over 185 million, leading other national production office software; the wpsoffice mobile mau was over 282 million; and other products such as the Golden Mountain Pyramid were close to Mau.
At a time when the size of the company’s product lines is re-innovated, the offshore market has also made a breakthrough, benefiting from the company’s continued expansion of its overseas cooperation channels, whose high-value product services have resulted in more than 100 million overseas users. With the help of a combination of member penetration and the use of sticky boosts, the company’s cumulative annual fee-paying individual membership has increased by 63.23 per cent to 16.62 million.
The situation triggers the release of cloud collaboration office needs, prompting individuals and “wps+” users to upload cloud files through the public cloud service, an increase of 79.24 per cent to 89.8 billion copies over the same period.
In 2020, the company achieved business income of 2,261 million yuan, an increase of 43.14 per cent, a net return of 878 million yuan, an increase of 119.22 per cent, and a net gain of 612 million yuan, an increase of 94.59 per cent, a gain of 94.59 per cent, resulting in dynamic benefits from cloud collaboration between the performance forecast zones, authorizing business growth. The company’s mandated operations towards the political market remained high.
By 2020, 803 million yuan was earned, an increase of 61.90 per cent, an increase of 22.49 pct, a recovery from the previous year, to more than 35 per cent. By introducing more comprehensive and precise product solutions and building a more efficient and sophisticated marketing service network, the company promotes the conversion of users from desktop and mobile to cloud office and cloud collaboration applications, thereby upgrading the number of government users.
The clientele of the company is currently 62 out of 65 State Department ministries, 33 out of 34 provincial governments, more than 400 municipal and county governments, and 153 large-scale silver banks.
The rapid development of cloud applications and cross-end collaboration, and the ease with which they are used, helps to increase user stickyness, so companies take the initiative to reduce the volume of advertising to reduce inconvenience to users. At the same time, companies continue to optimize advertising display strategies to reduce low-value advertising positions.
The number of user fees is increasing as a result of the roll-out, the expansion of multiple advertising clients to enrich the business structure and the gradual introduction of more wps-based products and services to users through the ai enabling extension function. Multi-channel outreach has yielded results, and subscriptions are still on the rise.
With the continued optimization of functional services, the office service subscription operation achieved income of $1,109 million in 2020, an increase of 63.18 per cent over the same year, the membership business is the main driver of the high-speed release of subscriptions, with a significant increase in earnings of 64.1 per cent compared to the previous year, and retention and repurchase rates.
(ii) Growing marginal benefits of scale and high-quality performance Growth of corporate gross Māori in 2020, an increase of 2.12 pct over the same period in the previous year; by product category, authorized Māori operations
There was a high increase in both, with a sustained increase in revenue as compared to the highest Māori rate of subscriptions, a side-by-side increase in marginal benefits of scale, and a narrowing of the relatively low Māori rate of advertising. Net interest rates rose significantly, from 13.85 pct to 39.21%, and operating the rate of operating office costs in Phnom Penh for the period 2016-2020.
The rate of office R & D costs in Phnom Penh, 2016 - 2020 (iii) net interest rate pushed the roll-out of roe, resulting in a guaranteed increase in contractual liabilities, representing an increase of 90.18 per cent over the previous year ' s year ' s year-end advance payments and a guaranteed performance growth in 2021.
(i) Income projections and assumptions, 1, authorization for the use of office software products: with party-based and industry-based innovations, we expect that the scale of authorized operations will continue to expand, as companies have achieved higher market coverage in party-owned enterprises, while private-owned companies are less willing to purchase.
As a result of the strong political and business sector, we assume that the growth in authorized business income will slow down, but will remain historically high,2 Internet advertising promotion services: based on the primacy of company users and based on the idea of higher value, and increased product-market ownership at this stage or further, will lead to a further decline in the Māori rate, which will begin to rise when business development stabilizes.
3. Office services subscriptions: there is considerable scope for upgrading the conversion rate of corporate fee-paying users to flagship overseas office software firms, and as corporate cloud collaboration is increasingly rich in office product matrices, the market penetration rate of SMEs is expected to increase corporate performance 116 times, 87 times, and 62 times. Companies, as national office software champions, follow technology trends and trends.
User demand, and the value of its high-quality products to enhance user stickivity, will be further highlighted, and companies are expected to fully enjoy the national production replacement and cloud-cooperative office development dividends. The first coverage is rated “uptake.”
The securities investment advisory business is the activity in which the institution and its consultants obtain the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority to provide securities investors or customers with information, analysis, prediction or advice on portfolio investment and direct or indirect charges for services.
The data used are from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views and seeks to be unique.