Li Tianfan, who continues the fast growth trend, has outperformed the expectations of the company in the first quarter of 2021 and has achieved $773 million in operating income, a year-on-year increase.
107.74 per cent; net profit of $307 million, an increase of 178.65 per cent over the same period; net profit of $257 million after deduction; cloud co-location has gradually become a new trend in offices in the cloud age, and companies have continued to innovate and transition to a service provider for cloud co-operative office solutions, and we are expected to continue to benefit from mobile office and national production of software.
Consider the company's high growth in the area of office software and give it a “buy-in” rating. Authorized business break-out growth, with 1q above expectations: 107.74 per cent growth in the same year in 2021 for 1q, mainly due to the effective upturn in the process and penetration of corporate clients, and increased client purchasing
There has been an explosive growth in the use of authorized office software products, while the office service subscription industry has continued to grow. Net profits have increased by 178.65% over the same year, faster than revenue, mainly due to an increase in the Māori ratio and lower overall cost.
At $228 million, an increase of 72.93 per cent over the same period, the performance was excellent. The high demand for continued corporate credit creation increased the same rate of Māori and the cost rate decreased markedly: in Māori, the 1q company combined gross in 2021 was mainly more sticky to the company ' s clients, while the profit-making rate increased with the benefit-scale effect.
On the other hand, the overall cost of the company fell by 17.17 percentage points to 52.92 per cent on the same basis, with R & D rates falling by 13.10 percentage points and sales costs by 3.45 percentage points. Corporate costs are effectively controlled, with overall cost rates falling significantly on the same basis.
The cloud strategy continues to advance, with a steady growth in the number of users: the company is gradually turning into a collaborative cloud office resolution programme service provider, which is continuously developing the experience of new business users in the field of “clouds and collaboration”.
During the conference, the company provided customized office software document services for the People’s Congress’s informative platform; at the Partners Conference in 2021, thousands of channels of agents and office eco-services were involved, accelerating the construction of the company’s business-based eco-system.
Households have increased their coverage of the public cloud market by the sticky nature of the “cloud and collaborative” office landscape. As of 31 March 2021, the number of monthly active users of the company's main product (mau) was 494 million, an increase of 10.51%. Of these, the monthly active users of wpsofficepc were 194 million, an increase of 15.48%;
The monthly active number of mobile version users is 294 million, an increase of 8.49 per cent over the same period; the number of monthly active users of other products, such as the Golden Mountain Phrase, is almost tens of millions. The number of company users continues to grow, laying the foundation for future development.
Table 1: Changes in the number of monthly active users of the company’s main product
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinions about the content of the report may or may not be changed before the notice is given. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may be able to sell the certificate described in the report (@dissenting or standing, or buying, selling or offering the certificate described in the report). A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and its foreign companies and their associated companies may buy the certificate described in the report on their behalf or on behalf of another person (@. This report is not used to sell or induce customers to trade in the certificate referred to in the report.