Office in Kimshan (688111): performance exceeded expectations and cloud collaboration continued to penetrate the office in Kimshan
Incident: On 30 April 2021, the company released its 2021q1 report, which achieved operating income of $773 million, and was the leading office software and service provider in the country, mainly engaged in wpsoffice office software products and services
(i) Over 30 years of accumulated research and development experience and technology in the field.
For products and services to be developed independently of the company, the company has an autonomous intellectual property right to core technology.
(b) Online co-ed editing, secure files and data sharing
3) The cost ratio is lower, reflecting the company’s cost advantage. 21q1 company sales cost is 19.02%, and many key technologies are studied in depth to build an Internet cloud office application service through breakthroughs in core technology.
2.33 per cent lower than 21.35 per cent in 2020; 35.17 per cent of management costs compared to 40.84 per cent in 2020; creation of a new smart office model that comprehensively upgrades the user body itself with a high level of low marginal cost and product reuse, corporate leader status and scale effect
National office software is entering the dividend harvest period, and cloud collaboration is steadily advancing the penetration rate. 1) 2020 is the year of innovation, but the process affected by the epidemic has fallen short of expectations. In the second half of 2020, the start of the release of deferred performance began, the harvest period is expected in 2021, and the next three years are the year of the message window.
The company is expected to benefit fully as a champion of office software; 2) the monthly activity data for the main product is bright and the cloud progression accelerated penetration rate continues to rise. 21q1 company ' s monthly active user (mau) is 494 million, an increase of 10.51 per cent compared to 10.94 million. The monthly active user base for the pc version is 1,94 million, an increase of 15.48 per cent compared to 15.48 per cent;
The number of active monthly users of the mobile version is 294 million, an increase of 8.49 per cent. The company continues to work on the “Cloud and Concord” eco-strategy, increasing the stickyness of users in the “Cloud and Collaborative” office landscape, increasing coverage in the public cloud market, and promoting the continuous growth of the subscription to office services, followed by the trend towards larger office space.
The Division seizes the opportunity of a digital transformation of society to increase user stickability while at the same time promising to expand new growth points. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: the harvest period for national office software will come, and corporate “clouds and collaboration” strategies are steadily driving the continuous increase in user penetration, with a high degree of certainty about the company’s follow-up development.
115 and 88 times, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East, the source of the world's wealth, the source, the king's Ken Fai
In the fields of big data, car networking, application of 5g, financial technology, and digital money, industrial research creates value. Sun Xiaoqiang, research on cloud computing, smart hardware, information security, and financial technology.
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.