Quarterly review in 2021: performance exceeded market expectations, booking and authorizing operations are expected to accelerate up to $307 million, an increase of 178.65 per cent over the same period, and deduction of non-net profit of $257 million, an increase over the same period
▪ Operating cash flows have increased by the same year, and the scale effect has continued to increase: in 2021 the q1 Māori rate was 89.74 per cent, up from +5.62 ptt. The net operating cash flows of $228 million, an increase of 72.93 per cent over the same year, largely due to the rapid growth in the use of software authorized operations and service subscriptions.
With a liability of 873 million yuan, the ring has grown by 4.80 per cent (+82.64 per cent in comparison). The corporate scalability effect has led to the growth of subscription services driven by a continuous dynamic ecological strategy of “cloud and collaborative”: as the company evolves to become a senior service provider for cloud-cooperative office solutions, continuous optimization of individual and business users has been achieved.
The product experience in the area of “cloud and collaboration”, the company's continuous upscaling of users in the “cloud and collaborative” office landscape, its continued expansion of coverage in the public cloud market, its promotion of the process of cloudization and effective penetration of clients, and its continuous growth of subscriptions to office services.
During the two sessions, the office provided an information platform for the work of the National People’s Congress delegates.
Customized office software document services to ensure that all official documents flow and review in electronic files, coupled with the ability to process documents “on-line in real time” in a mobile environment, achieve real paperless, cloud-based office, improves the efficiency of the review process and saves administrative costs.
At the 2021 Partners Conference, there were a total of thousands of agents and office eco-services participants, which accelerated the construction of an ecological system for the company ' s commercial channels.
Monthly users continue to grow steadily: as at 31 March 2021, the company's main product had increased its monthly activity and its performance was expected to continue.
Monthly active users of pc were 194 million, representing an increase of 15.48 per cent over the same period in the previous year (ring growth 2, Office in Kimshan (688111): performance continues to grow at a high rate, looking to end b)
Growth of 4.26 per cent; the number of monthly active users of other company products, such as the Golden Mountain Worm, has reached nearly 10 million.3 The Office in Kimshan (688111): the pss in the Year of Return have been raised from $2.79 to $2.92, taking into account the company ' s increased research and development and the development of new strategies
The net profit has doubled, waiting for the new strategy dollar, which corresponds to 119/85/62 times. As head of the domestic office software, you can see this year’s letter creation, online office acceleration, subscription service indicators (transformation rate, mau, frequency of consumption),
Multiple factors, such as cloud collaboration, drive high performance growth and maintain a “buy-in” rating.