q1 revenue exceeded expectations and the cloud collaboration strategy deepened further: first quarter of 2021, companies achieved $773 million in operating income, an increase of 107.74 per cent in the same year; net parenthood re-innovation was high, mobile end-of-support ring speed was high. As of March 31, 2021, wpsoffice and gold
At the end of the hill, mau amounted to 494 million, with an annual increase of 10.51 per cent and a quarterly increase of 4.22 per cent, of which the wpsoffice desktop mau amounted to 194 million, an annual increase of 15.48 per cent and a quarterly increase of 4.86 per cent; the wpsoffice mobile mau amounted to 294 million, an annual increase of 8.49 per cent and a quarterly increase.
4.26. We believe that the mobile end is an important application platform for the cloud collaboration office, and that the rise in user penetration and usage reflects the growing momentum benefits of the cloud collaboration strategy.
It is expected that the company’s leading position in the market for both formal and nationalized software will be further consolidated, considering that last year’s list of digital web dimensions is the headline of domestic layout documents, where companies work together to create stream-based integration services or have combined effects in the bg end market.
The company continues to fine-tune the advertising business, continuously optimizes the use of end-c and end-bg users, continuously improves the stickyness of the cloud-cooperative office landscape, and continues to expand its coverage in the public cloud market, thus contributing to the continued growth of subscriptions.
The expansion of the user base will provide the basis for further improvements in the conversion, retention, and repurchase of payers. Marginal benefits continue to increase, with net interest rates rising by 12.70%. 2021q1 Māori rates and net interest rates, respectively, are assumed to rise mainly from the authorization, subscriptions to two high Māori businesses and the scalding effect.
The growing abundance of collaborative office product matrices, the value of high-quality products to enhance user stickyness will be further highlighted, and higher product penetration in SME markets, such as wps+, is expected to increase corporate performance.
Kim Shan Office (6881.sh): Collaboration strategy has worked and incremental marginal benefits have increased 2021-04-16.
The securities investment advisory business is the activity of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants to provide securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, prediction or advice on the investment of securities, and to charge direct or indirect fees for services.
The data used are from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the present report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views and seeks to be unique.