The one-stop platform for the full-scale pcb product is expected to benefit first from the high-end pcb release of the one-stop shop on the one-stop shop on the one-stop shop.
Ping Dynasty shares published semi-annual reports for 2024: in the first half of 2024, the company achieved a similar increase in the 24h1 crop, increased the pre-research profile ai+track, and in the first half of 2024, the company achieved business income of $13.126 billion, a year-on-year increase.
Roadboard products are divided mainly into communication boards, consumer electronics and computer panels, and motor/server panels, accounting for 66.51%, 29.95%, and 3.27% respectively.
In the year and a half of 2024, R & D investment was RMB 1,079 million, an increase of RMB 20.43% over the previous year. In terms of profitability, the company achieved a decline of 1.84 pt on the same year in the M & A rate of sales of high telecommunications board products.
At the industry level, 2024 is the first year of the iPhone, the iPhone 16 first-time side model, the pcb upgrade accelerates, the iPhone recovery and the consumer electronic recovery.
The annual production of pcb will reach $90.4 billion. From a downstream-driven perspective, the release of the Appleai mobile phone in the second half of 2024 is expected to increase substantially in the pcb industry. On wwdc2024, Apple handed over the self-researched ai program.
Appleintelligence is expected to land in the fall of this year, and the iphone 16 series will be the first appleai cell phone with a large side model. According to the apple, this new technology will provide new dynamic energy for productivity enhancement.
The following major changes will result from the function of iPhone after appleinelligenceh: 1) context-driven notification: help to identify which notifications are important to the individual context; 2) writing improvements: systems will be introduced in third parties and in original applications
Scope proofreading, style improvement and summary text; 3) photo generation: automatic generation of different styles based on personal photo banks; 4) cross-application tasking division: in-depth study of user applications and implementation on behalf of users; 5) integration
Siri of the large model: The new version of Siri is capable of performing more than 100 operations, more closely connected to the experience of the procuracy artificial smart chat robot. From a upstream pcb point of view, the acceleration of the fall of ai's mobile phone also increases the performance of the processor.
In terms of technology, the pcb product, such as ai cell phone-driven softboards and hardboards, is upgraded to high quality, high speed, high accuracy, heat evasiveness, and fine-lined roads. Because of the need for a higher computing capacity on the side of a person, the main board
The higher-value slp of 18 to 20 floors will be used. At the same time, the high-endai cell phone has the characteristics of increased sensors, complicated circuits, and enhanced performance, and the use of fpc is expected to increase further.
With high-end pcb production capacity, expanding production capacity to embrace the ai era, companies have the power to provide a full range of pcb products and solutions to different clients.
Strength, building a one-stop service platform for the full range of pcb products, whose main pcb products can be divided into communication panels, consumer electronic panels, cars and server panels depending on the type of product.
Slp, hdi, miniled, rpcb, rigidflex, etc... Core technical aspects, the minimum aperture of the company ' s printed circuit board product can be 0.025 mm, the minimum linear width can be 0.020 mm, the touch-control pressure fpc module, dynamic bending
The fpc module, the hyper-sized fpc component, the high-speed low-defpc module, the low-orbiting satellite upscale, the new folding screen module, the 800g light module, the high-speed operation of ai host board and the ultra thin intelligence machine have all achieved high-end pcb product process.
Capacity to develop and industrialization. In terms of capacity-building, the Liao An III complex is mainly oriented towards high-level hdi and slp products. Of this, the Liao An III complex is expected to invest a total of $4.2 billion, and the first line was built and put into operation in 2023.
The park will be completed in 2027; the Taiwan Park will invest 2,739 million yuan in the first phase, and the higher-end softboard products, which will respond to the changes in the ai, will become operational in 2025; and Thailand Park will invest $250 million in the first phase, mainly for cars and servers.
On the client side, the company's clients are mostly offshore businesses, mainly apples, Nokia, Motorola, Sony Ericsson, etc., are warming internationally, and new items like iphone 16 are about to be released in the second half of the year.
The continuous rise in osmosis is expected to yield significant benefits for the soft and hardboard products of companies, with a “buy-in” rating for investment. Global macroeconomic volatility has increased; the consumer electronics sector has recovered less than expected; and exchange rates are expected.
Change risk; increased friction in international trade; shortage of raw materials and energy and the introduction of the Electronics Group
Leading semiconductor company advanced process project, five years ' experience in commodity securities investment, held in Go Yonghau from 2018 to 2020: Dr. Physics, University of Gangdan, successively employed in China Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Lu Dzhoyang: Master ' s degree, National University of Australia, held in Fangzheng Securities, four years ' experience in research, 2023.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for not having, for not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.