The e-consumption is growing steadily and is expected to continue to benefit from end-of-ai development.
13.8 per cent long; net return to mother ' s profit of 780 million yuan, a 3.4 per cent decline in the same year; realization of non-net profit to mother ' s share is affected by downstream demand recovery, with firm growth in corporate operating income. 1) From the start-up end, the company ' s q2 quarterly operating income was $6.44 billion, an increase of 32.3 per cent and a slight decline of 3.7 per cent in the ring.
24H1 achieved revenue of $8.73 billion in communications panels, a slight increase of 3.7 per cent over the same period; consumer electronics and computing panels generated revenue of $3.93 billion, an increase of 36.6 per cent over the same period; motor vehicles and server products earned revenue of $1 billion, a decrease of 27.0 per cent over the same period, mainly due to higher exchange rate gains and the same development costs of one quarter.
The impact of price pressures and the resulting cost inputs to prepare for production in the second half of the year; net interest rates of 6.0 per cent, a decrease of about 1 pp compared to the same period.) At the cost end of the scale, 24h1 has an overall higher rate of input and increased costs of research and development of test products and molds.
The acceleration of the landing at the end of the ai has injected new growth dynamics into the pcb industry. Since the second half of 2023, major brand manufacturers have been launching products such as mobile phones and pcs that carry the ai function, which, according to the Taiwan Institute of Technology, are expected to reach 70%. The evolution of the ai function and technology will drive the pcb product to high quality, low cost, high cost.
Further upgrades of high-level products such as radiating heat, fine circuits, and increasing demand for high-level hdi and slp. The company has stepped up the production of high-level hdi and slp printed circuit boards in the Huaian III Park, which are now in production as phase I of Project 24H1 and phase II is in the process of accelerating construction and will be further upgraded to high-level hdi upon completion of the project.
In the area of automobiles, 24h1 company radar algorithms and autopilot control plate products have continued to grow in volume and have been associated with a number of other countries.
In the area of servers, the company benefits from the high growth in the volume of goods delivered by the one server and the speed with which the volume of the related business is being released; the company actively seizes the opportunities for the development of the one server market and actively promotes the Xia An Park and domestic and international services.
In addition, the company has accelerated the construction of the Thai park in the direction of a top-level server product. With the release of new capacity, the company’s server, car board business, is expected to enter the accelerated release period.
5520 million dollars. Given the company’s position as a global leader in the pcb area, the gradual warming of downstream demand, the acceleration of the ai terminal’s development of new operations such as higher pcb demand, and the gradual release of vehicles and servers, we value the company 25 times the value of 2024.
The company's communications panels are mainly used in mobile phones, considering the gradual warming of the mobile market demand, the driving effect of a new one, the increase in the demand for pcb and upgrades.
They believe that corporate telecommunications boards will continue to grow steadily over the next three years; although, due to product price pressure on the company's Māori business, hypothetically, consumer electronics and computer panels. Consumer electronics such as equipment, vr/ar, smart homes, etc. can be worn and developed in a light, small, high, and fast direction, so that the company's fpc products can be well adapted to consumer electronics.
As the end product upgrades, the demand for high-end pcb is expected to continue to grow downstream, and company productasp assumes 3: automobiles, server panels. The company ' s vehicle and server board operations currently account for less than 2% of its revenue in 2023. With the company ' s capacity to build vehicles, servers and panels, the future will be released.
The business is expected to accelerate its release and scale effect, and the Māori rate is expected to continue to rise, and we expect that we have selected three major comparable companies: East Mountain, Deep South circuits, and Quantium. In 2023, III is expected to have a parent net profit of $38.4, 47.8 and $552 million in 2024-2026. Taking into account the company's pcb,
The domain is at the top of the globe, downstream demand is gradually warming, the ai terminal accelerated development is increasing demand for the upper pcb, and table 2: Comparable corporate valuations have not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.