Ping Dynasty Holdings (002938.sz) In July, the harvests increased by one-stop shops at pcb. In July, the harvest increased by one-stop shops at pcb, and a one-stop platform at pcb.
In July 2024, the company achieved a revenue of 2,674 million yuan, an increase of 22.80 per cent and 26.30 per cent for the ring, representing a small number of large, specialized manufacturers worldwide with various types of pcb products, including fpc, sma, slp, hdi, miniled, rpcb, etc.
Multiple types of products, such as rigidflex, are widely applied to telecommunications electronics, consumer electronics and computer-type products, such as automobiles and ai servers, high-speed computers, and have the strong power to provide a full range of e-combined products and services to different clients, creating a full-scale one-stop service platform for pcb products.
Prismark data, the company’s largest producer of pcb in the world for seven years in a row from 2017 to 2023. The minimum aperture of a printed circuit board product produced by the company can be up to 0.025 mm, the minimum linear width can be up to 0.020 mm, the department is in the touch-control fpc module, the dynamic bend fpc module, the ultra-long fpc component, the high-speed low fpc
Models, large-sized panel products, new display panels for class capping products, high-grade blu and rgb display, high multi-layer station antenna panels, vehicle-mounted radar panels, optical communication module panels, low-orbit satellite panels and aisever boards have achieved high-tech processability in the area of pcb and are already industrialized.
The main downstream applications of company products are smartphones and consumer electronics: telecommunications board operations in 2023.
Facing electronics and computer panels account for more than 95% of the company's overall revenue.
According to the above data, assuming a replacement cycle of 425 years for mobile phones and 1,167 million sales, the average number of replacements per year is 275 million, and if the replacement cycle is reduced by six months, the average number of replacements per year is 311 million, an average increase of 36.61 million per year. Apples have been replaced in 2024.
Ping Dynasty: The 24q2 battalion is expected to increase by more than 30%, and one of its ai products was released in June. The brand-new ai functionality may be driving the release of the expected September wave of accelerator advantage.
The company is expected to benefit from the sale of the iphone 16 series of products. Pod: ai technology revolution & car triading, shaping pcb. In the face of the vast future of server and car operations, the company speeds up the market for the relevant lines of business.
In automobile business, 23h1 achieved a smooth production of radar panels: 23q4 laser radar and radar high frequency antennas began to enter the production phase; it benefited from the dosdomaincontroller and vehicle radar, and the radar.
In the case of server operations, in the face of the growing demand for a new one server, the company has been technologically increasing the capacity of the thick one, which has now been upgraded to levels above 16-20l, in response to the development of a future one server.
Overseas clients, and companies, are also active in developing domestic server-related clients and are currently on schedule with the mainstream domestic server provider ' s certification scheme; the company is actively developing overseas capacity to accelerate the construction of Thai plants, with a first phase of work, mainly focused on automobile server products, which is expected to take place in 25h2.
"Partnerexcellenceaward" and became the only pcb manufacturer who won this distinction, and also received the "amdepyc Award for Distinguished Contribution", representing a new wave of rotation between the technical strengths and products of the company's ai-type products by important clients, while accelerating the growth of the automobile and server markets.
Maintain the “additional-a” rating.