The e-consumption electronic component of iii 2402 is expected to increase by more than 30%, and the advantage of the wave is highlighted by the fact that at the end of the wave, a person moves from “content intelligence” to “behaviour intelligence”, with a shorter replacement cycle expected to lead to a related increase in performance.
Long. (1) Endside ai application shift: Appearance emphasizes the ability of artificial intelligence to operate on a mobile phone and integrates it to complete user-operability instructions by thoroughly tracking and analysing each app in the cell phone. Based on application, siri can perform hundreds of new operations across multiple applications.
Inform users about photos, calendars, files, etc., as well as the contents of messages and emails, so that you can predict what you're going to do next. If Siri can refer to the arrival time of the flight in the mail, tell the user when it will arrive, and refer to the meal address written in the memo to help users calculate whether they will be able to reach the meal on time.
(ii) Renaming cycle: Applewater is a transfer to behavioral intelligence for the end-of-life provider, establishing a six-month reduction in the end-of-side development cycle, with an average of 311 million replacements per year, increasing the average number of replacements per year by 36.61 million.ai applications on the end-of-phone are expected to increase consumer demand and shrink as a result of new sales of mobile phones.
Short-change cycles, with an increase in the number of new replacements each year. (3) Dot-controlled advantage: the company has been a major supplier of pcb products on mobile phones and consumer electronics over the years, a leading consumer of electronic brands, both domestic and foreign, and already has a strong market and size advantage, and the products in question form an important basis for the company ' s profitability as the industry unfolds.
Gas recovery and new products continue to be new and important engines for the company’s future. The Sun’s technological revolution and the electronicization of cars have led to the creation of a new blue sea for the pcb industry.
Since 2023, the emergence of chatagpt has triggered a new wave of technology, a huge demand for ari technology, opening up ai server market space, and a rapid increase in the demand for related pcb products.
As a result of the increasing demands for power, the requirements for pcb-related products will be upgraded, the demand for multi-layered and high-speed panels will grow, and the application of the hdi product in the ai product class will increase. For example, servers will require various forms of pcb inside the server, usually including the server's main board, cpuboard, hard disk back.
Different specifications, such as board, power backboard, memory, etc.. Compared to traditional servers, the i server needs to be equipped with a more advanced gpu (figure-processing module) module in order to meet the computing-intensive tasks of depth learning, pi-Technology & Automobile trilogy, and to shape pcb machine learning.
Quantities of New Blue Sea-Hankin Securities-Electronic-Pulver Holdings-Corporates-Corporates, with higher requirements for pcb transmission rates, radiative efficiency, power management capacity, etc., driving the pcb worth of US$ 1.804 billion, with a projected output of US$ 13.804 billion in 2028 and an average annual growth rate of 11.0 per cent over five years.
(ii) Automobile electronics: with zero carbon emissions, the new energy car industry and car electricization, intelligence, network connectivity have accelerated growth, leading to a rapid growth of car pcb, which, according to a study by the Taiwan Institute of Technology, is expected to increase by 50 per cent in 2028 over 2022.
Hdi and fpc products, driven by products such as adas, smart pods, and battery panels, are the strongest. (3) Corporate advantage: as a leading producer in the development, design, manufacturing and marketing of the pcb industry, product technology has been constantly upgraded over the years to build up on products such as fpc and high-level hdi.
Tired of technology, product and technology research and development has been done in the areas of ai servers and auto electronics, while companies have been working well with leading electronic brand clients around the world for many years and investing actively in building new capacity to enable companies to quickly capture development opportunities in a new cycle of industry development, depending on themselves.
25.1/21.7/19.5. Given the global leadership of the pcb industry, ai-consumption electron brings a new cycle of innovation to the market, adding car electricization/intelligentization/networking that continues to deepen &chatgpt
The pcb demand and value-added logic that drives the ai server's numeracy needs emerges, providing space for company performance growth. Maintains the “plus-a” rating.