• Investment rating: Increase (maintenance) August 14, 2024, Ping Dynasty Holdings Bulletin, semi-annual report for the first half of the year
The current operating income was $13.13 billion, an increase of 13.8 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net return to the mother of $780 million, while the company announced a restrictive equity incentive scheme (draft) for 2024 to reach 388 incentives, with a net asset return target of higher than industry averages.
Compared to the trend of 300 deep corporate prices □ short-term pressure on the Maori rate in the second quarter and return to normal in the second half of the year, the company earned $6.44 billion in the second quarter of 2q24, an increase of 32.3 per cent over the same period, a decline of 3.7 per cent in the ring.
In terms of its income dimension, the growth in demand for consumer electronics was even more pronounced, and the share of income increased, and the company ' s communications board was expected to increase in the second half of the year with the opening of new aircraft stockings by major clients. Overall, the revenue of the public sector in July was $2.67 billion (youy+22.8 per cent, Mom+26.3 per cent)
In response to prices; 2) the impact of the company’s pre-natal stock for the second half of the year; with the re-arrangement of the new engine numbers in the second half of the year, it is expected that the company’s Māori ratio will return to normal. The company’s cost for the first quarter of the year is $670 million, an increase of $310 million over the same period, mainly a decrease of $210 million in financial returns and investment in research and development.
Increase by $80 million. The company's net profit of $290 million in the single quarter fell by 27 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of the above-mentioned factors, and is expected to return to normal with the arrival of new products in the second half of the year.
Since 2023, a new cycle of artificial intelligence and arithmetic revolutions triggered by chhatgpt, aipc, ai cellular phones and ai terminals have brought about a new round of innovation and restructuring of consumer electronics, accelerating the recovery of the entire electronics industry and bringing about a new blue sea for industry development.
Arithmetic demand opens up the market space for ai servers and brings about a rapid increase in demand for pcb products, while the demands for pcb-related products will increase, and demand for multi-layered and high-speed boards will grow, with hdi-type products in place.
The application of the ai product category will also be increasing. According to the advisory body Prismark, the global production of pcb in servers and storage was $8.2 billion in 2023, the expected output was 1. Consumer electronic recovery in 2028, and i led the new demand for pcb.
By $13.8 billion, with a five-year compound annual average growth rate of 11.0 per cent, the rate of growth is faster than that of other pcb categories. In addition, there is a growing trend of innovation in i terminal hardware, which, according to the advisory body idc, showed 170 million smart cell phones in 2024, representing nearly 15 per cent of the total number of mobile phones.
Aipc-type products are also expected to become industry mainstream in the future, offering more opportunities for the development of the pcb industry and a new blue sea for the development of the industry. In response to the high-level demand for production of products such as hdi and slp from the ai-related products, the company has accelerated the promotion of the high-level hdi and slp of the three gardens of Huaian.
The print circuit board extension project, which is currently in production for phase I of the project, and the construction of phase II, which is being accelerated, is expected to lead to further upgrading of the company ' s high-level Hdi and slp product-oriented markets, which are not as well recovered as expected: increased market competition: the larger clients are not making as much progress as expected.
• Use information on legal compliance to produce the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.