There has been a significant recovery in power outage, a steady increase in revenue from servers and motor panels, a decline in exchange earnings and a temporary impact on corporate profits from flexible market strategies.
Annual performance of 2024: 1h24 achieved business income of 13.12 billion yuan (yoy+13.79 per cent) in the recovery phase of huhui2@guosen.com.cn, where companies adopted a more flexible market development strategy to promote market share enhancement; 2)
In the face of a new one-driven round of innovation, there has been an increase in R & D inputs; 3) corporate exchange gains have decreased on a year-on-year basis. The consumer electronic recovery has been evident, with cars and servers growing at a sharper speed. Sub-products, 1h24 has been used for communications (yoy+94.31%).
In the area of automobiles, the 1h24 company radar algorithms and autopilot control boards have been growing in volume, and the products have been working with a number of domestic Tier1 manufacturers and are already at the international level.
In the face of new technological waves, such as ai, low-carbon development, 6g communications, virtual reality, companies are actively pre-positioning technology and are on low-track.
In response to the development needs of ai for high-frequency gpu/cpu/npu, companies speed up the implementation of high-speed high-pressure plywoods, power crystals buried in them, high-precision fixed back drills, new cavity caps, etc.
Huai An 3rd Park is building a high-end Hdi and advanced slp class smart manufacturing project, which is now partially in production, and stage 2 is under construction. The first stage of Taiwan ' s investment in building fpc fpc and its modular product lines is focused on the needs of the 'i', and is now partially implemented.
The product is in the direction of a peak this month, and is expected to come into production in the first half of next year. Punt Holdings (002938.sz) – weak power consumption leads to firm performance pressure, focussing on ai, investment proposals: higher profit forecasts, and maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.
The net return profit from Dot Holdings (002938.sz) - 2022 increased by 51 per cent over the same period, and with Apple's introduction, products such as iPhone are expected to rise by 76 per cent over the same period, and the net return profit from Dotting Stock (002938.sz)-3022, driven by innovation, is expected to rise by 76 per cent over the same period.
Annual net return profit of 36/48/54 million yuan (pre-value 36/40/46 billion), year-on-year increase figure 2: one-quarter operating income and increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 3: Net return and increase (in billions, per cent)
Figure 6: Changes in cost rates Author ' s assurance that data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject