I'll be the one who drives the growth of innovation, Robbin.
Events: Corporate business income of 2024h1 was 13.12 billion yuan, an increase of 13.79 per cent in the same year; net profit on maternity was 784 million yuan, a decrease of 3.40 per cent in the same year; net profit on deductions and deductions was 756 million yuan, an increase of 2.17 per cent in the same year; of this amount, q2 received $6.440 billion in the first quarter, an increase of 32.28 per cent in the same year; net profit on deductions and deductions were net.
Chen Wei Gwang, affected by the larger client marketing strategy and increased cost inputs, q2 saw a fall in profit in the first quarter. The company ' s business income in the first half of the year was $13.126 billion, compared to the profit in the second quarter, as a result of the final-end market recovery and the ai innovation.
Growth of 13.79 per cent; net profit for mothers, net profit for deductions, $784 million, and net profit for later repatriations, $756 million, respectively, are influenced by the marketing strategy of large customers, with price pressures on the corporate product as a whole, while companies prepare for production in the second half of the year in advance, with higher costs for periods, R & D, etc.
End-market recovery and i-innovation are expected to benefit from telecommunications and consumer electronics. The company generated $8,730 million in communications boards in the first half of the year, an increase of 3.68 per cent in the same year; consumer electronics and computer panels are fast landings for the products of the main client end-sideai, and sales are expected to increase, while forecasts are expected to increase.
The pcb product will also be upgraded to higher-grade products such as high quality, low wear and tear, high dispersive heat, fine circuits, etc. The value will be further increased. The company is a major customer, pcb core supplier, telecommunications and consumer e-business (ttm)
Automobile and server operations are expected to be a second-growth curve. The company ' s automobile and server industry earned $430 million in the first half of the year, a significant increase of 94.31 per cent in the same year. In the area of automobiles, radar panels and autopilot domain control panel products are growing in volume, and the products in question are already associated with a number of domestic Tier1 products.
In the area of servers, there has been a significant growth in the volume of goods delivered by the one server, and in the first half of the year there has been a significant growth in the related business product. The company has actively seized on the opportunities for the development of the one server market, on the one hand.
To promote cooperation between the Huai An Park and large domestic and international servers, several new customers are now entering the recognition, testing and sample phase, and, on the other hand, to accelerate the construction of the Thai campus in the direction of the top-level server product. As the company further accelerates the market for cars and server boards,
Development, with products expected to be phased in, and performance expected to remain high. Note: “Market index” for this rating system, a share reference of 300 indexes; three new three-board reference points. Funders only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk” level, and “stable” investors only use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium-risk” level.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.