The ethane fission project opens the profitable ceiling satellite petrochemical depth report 13 July 2020
The In-depth Study/Pulsification Report attempts to address: Assessment of the future growth of the satellite petrochemicals from the point of view of the expansion of capacity 1. The profitability of the company derives from the expansion of capacity.
Acid and 360,000 tonnes/year Acrylate production capacity are expected to be available in 2020.2 Changes in the ethylene and acrylic climate over the next five years are judged in terms of supply and demand. 3. This paper estimates the profitability of the 1.35 million tonnes/year Ethylene project in Cloud Harbor: the price of oil is US$ 50/b
The company Ethylene project has a net gain of $2.4 billion. The industry logic: Ethylene, Apropylene, Acrylates, Acrylates. The ethylene industry is expected to remain high over the next five years. The Ethylene production rate was 89% in 2019, and is projected to be high.
Intraethylene production expansion will help reduce import dependence on polyethylene and achieve import substitution. Acrylic production increased from 16.34 million tons to 39.7 million tons per year, with an average compound growth rate of 8 per cent per year, with an average compound growth rate of 11 per cent per year for the same period of consumption.
For 10%, the Acrylic industry will remain in short supply and demand. The pdh route installation process is simple, the unit AC is low, the product is relatively monolithic, the production of acrylate is high, the by-product value added is high, and the costs are low. 3. Acrylic acid and esters are slowing down and the climate is expected to rise. Acrylic acid production is expected to increase over the five-year period 2015-2019.
Total demand is measured at 2.4 million tonnes/year, with a weak balance between supply and demand. As the rate of output growth slows, supply and demand have a profitable growth from the expansion of capacity. The company has built 900,000 tonnes/year pdh production units, 450,000 tonnes/year polypropylene, 480,000 tonnes/year acrylic acid, 450,000 tonnes/year acrylic acid production capacity. 1.35 million tonnes/year ethylene capacity, 360,000 tonnes/year ethylene production capacity.
The company’s main product is being built at the highest rate of productivity growth. 2. The pre-emptive advantage is evident in close proximity to the heart of the downstream industry. The company’s head of the triangulation area is downstream textiles, paints, 1 satellite petrochemicals (002648), 19-year-old newspaper.
The advantage of geographical location helps companies to respond more quickly to the needs of their customers.
3. Longitudinal access to the whole industry chain to achieve a circular economy. Acrylic-polypropylene-propylene-propyl acid and ester-high molecular material-sap, combined with the introduction of the hydrogen gas-based hydrooxy water project, has led to a further increase in by-product utilization.
The company ' s 135 million tons of ethylene project has a net gain of $2.4 billion. Satellite petrochemicals are the first of the companies listed in the national chemical industry to enter the ethane fission industry.
Assuming an oil price hub of $50 per barrel, the 900,000 tons acrylic project would have a net profit of 800 million yuan. 3. 840,000 tons/year acrylic acid operations would have a net profit of 700 million yuan. Acrylic acid and esters earned $538.4754 million in 2019, representing 50 per cent of operating income.
The average rate of increase matches. Assuming that the oil price hub is $50/bp, the company ' s 840,000 tonnes/year acrylic acid business section gets a net equivalent of 11.7 times, 7.4 times and 5.6 times, respectively, compared to 14 times the average per cent for the industry, and macroeconomic changes lead to the risk of a fall in the company ' s business performance; the price of raw materials is subject to sharp fluctuations leading to a fall in product prices.
Risk: The risk of major accidents in terms of safety and environmental protection. First, assessing the future profit growth point of satellite petrochemicals from the point of view of expansion of capacity, as a leader in the domestic acrylic industry, the future profitability of satellite petrochemicals and market space have been the focus of attention in capital markets.
Point. This report assesses the profit logic and growth space of satellite petrochemicals in terms of capacity expansion, and hopes to be more useful to investors in understanding the acrylic industry and the leading company satellite petrochemicals:
Acid and 360,000 tonnes/year Acrylate production capacity are expected to be available in 2020.2 Changes in the ethylene and acrylic climate over the next five years are judged in terms of supply and demand. 3. This paper estimates the profitability of the 1.35 million tonnes/year Ethylene project in Cloud Harbor: the price of oil is US$ 50/b
The company ' s ethylene project would yield a net gain of $2.4 billion., Industrial logic: ethylene capacity utilization increased, acrylic, acrylic (i) ethylene production increased and import substitution accelerated.
The emission of ethylene production can be obtained over the next five years, with a significant increase in ethylene production over the next five years between 2020 and 2024 respectively. According to our calculations, it is expected that by 2020, we will have increased the dependence on polyethylene imports since the year in which the ethylene was added. The import dependence of polyethylene was 49 per cent in 2019, up from 44 per cent in 2015.
Imports of polyethylene in 2019 amounted to 1666 million tons, an increase of 19 per cent over the same period. Thus, the expansion of domestic ethylene production will facilitate the reduction of import dependence on low ethylene and polyethylene and the substitution of imports of ethylene. Figure 2: Imports of polyethylene (tonnes, %)
Figure 3: Polyethylene import dependence (ii) Acetylene production capacity peaked in 2015-2019 and the rate of expansion slowed down. We are the country with the largest AC capacity and consumption, accounting for around 30 per cent of the corresponding global target and production of AC
In recent years, as new production processes for acrylic production have become increasingly industrialized, their capacity has expanded faster. From 16.34 million tons to 39.7 million tons in 2009-2019, the country ' s acrylic capacity has grown at an average annual compound growth rate of 8 per cent, of which 35.6 million tons/year in 2018, with a growth rate of 4.03 per cent. By the end of 2019, the country ' s capacity for acryle production had grown at an annual rate of 4.03 per cent.
Total capacity has reached 39.7 million tonnes per year, with a growth rate of 12% and an increase in capacity expansion. It is expected that by 2020, the country ' s new production capacity will be around 5.26 million tonnes, with a rise in the corresponding combined production growth rate of 10% and a growth rate of 8% over the previous year in the domestic supply of acrylics. The main reason for this growth is the increase in the capacity of acrylic production, which continues to be the work load.
The production and consumption of acrylic is expected to continue to grow at a moderate pace over the next two years. According to the Secretariat of Information, the total production of acrylic in January-May 2020 was 1.43 million tons.
The average annual compound rate of increase was 13 per cent, slightly higher than the rate of expansion of capacity (up from 9 per cent above), of which 35.27 million tons of acetylene were consumed in 2018, an increase of 12 per cent over the same period. In 2019, we imported 2.01 million tons of acetylene, and the Acetylene industry will continue to protect the domestic supply of and demand for acetylene in 2020-2024.
With a combined total of approximately 24,83 million tonnes, the domestic AC capacity will reach 62,610,000 tonnes/year by 2024; on the demand side, based on the average of observed consumption over the past five years and the relative increase, domestic AC consumption is expected to reach 67.33 million tonnes/year by 2024, with a stronger demand profile, and the AC production industry is expected to benefit and continue to make good profits.
In the future, the demand for downstream acrylic will continue to grow. Polypropylene, epoxypropane and acrylate are the three most important derivatives downstream, with consumption exceeding 75 per cent. Polypropene is one of the most widely used and most rapidly growing synthetic resins in the world today, and it is also the most downstream.
The production of polypropene continued to increase with a dramatic increase in capacity. National production of polypropene increased by 9.8 million tons in 2011 to 23.2 million tons in 2019, an increase of 5% compared to 2018. The long-standing high supply and demand gap is expected to continue to boost the supply side of the polypropene industry.
The cost of the pdh route is significant. The cost is low because the propane dehydration process is simple, the investment per unit is low, the product is relatively monolithic, the production of acrylic is high and the by-product value added is high. As the shale gas revolution in North America leads to a large by-product of propane,
The global supply of propanes has greatly increased. So, under the conditions of a large supply of propanes, the cost advantage of propane dehydrate acrylic acrylic acrylic production costs have been reduced, and there will be greater market space for the acrylic manufacturing industry in the future.
In the next three to five years, China’s pdh capacity will reach the level of 15 million tonnes/year or more. According to the current increase in capacity, (iii) the rate of expansion of acrylic acids and esters is slowing and the climate is expected to rise. By the end of December 2019, there were 17 Acrylic acid producers and 14 Acrylate producers across the country, with total capacity.
Of these, the top five producers together accounted for about 56 per cent and 62 per cent of the country ' s total capacity, the regional characteristics of our acrylic acid and ester industry are clear, with China-East concentrating more than 65 per cent and 56 per cent of the country ' s acrylic acid production, while South China started late, with a smaller total, and China-China has no related production enterprises.
Industry. The main reason for the current regional pattern is that our main downstream industry, such as textile apparel, coating, glue, etc., is concentrated in the East China region, as is the capacity of the new industry that has been created in the last five years. Currently, the country’s acrylic and ester sector has become a more stable market, dominated by State-owned enterprises, foreign investment and private participation.
After many years of development, the acrylic acid and esters sector is in the transition to maturity over a long period of time. Acrylic acid can be divided according to its purity into acrylic acid, polymeric acrylic acid, and high pure acrylic acid, with multi-packed downstream esters or sap devices.
Acrylic acid At the end of the supply, Acrylic acid production has slowed down. In 2018, there was an additional 80,000 tonnes/year in Shandong, 80,000 tonnes/year in Shandong and 160,000 tonnes/year in Jiangsu, with a 5% increase in capacity.
Tons/year, 160,000 tonnes/year in Shanghai, 160,000 tonnes/year in Jiangsu, and 160,000 tonnes/year in Acrylic Acid. From long-cycle observations, acrylic acid production decreased at an average rate of 10% in the five years of the year.
From 2015 onwards, the acrylic acid and esters sector has seen a gradual increase in its climate. Due to slower expansion of capacity, sustained downstream demand, influenced by a steady increase in end demand, domestic production of acrylic acid and esters continued to increase in 2014-2018 at a faster rate than production. Over the last five years, production of acrylic acid has increased at an average rate of around 7 per cent, which is higher than the average increase in capacity over the same period.
At the end of 2018, we had a total production capacity of 1.76 million tonnes/year, with a gross demand of 1.68 million tonnes/year, and a domestic start-up rate of 50-80% fluctuated over the last five years.
Domestic Acrylic Acid production is slowing down, with a projected new domestic Acid production capacity of 3.62 million tons in 2020. A new Acid production capacity of 160,000 tons per year in Shanghai and 60,000 tons per year in Shandong-jumpera increased by about 7 per cent in 2019.
Industry starts rose from 51 per cent in 2015 to 70 per cent in 2018, and the acrylic acid and ester sector has seen a gradual increase in the climate. If some of the installations are considered to be discontinued for a long time, the actual start in the acrylic acid and ester sector is about 80 per cent in 2018.
30% for preparation of sap products, while the ABS is the most productive species of acrylic acid, and downstream demand comes mainly from the glue and glue industries (about 60%) and paint and waterproof materials industries (about 35%). In the future, Acrylic acid and esters demand comes mainly from the sap, glue and tape industries, which are market-friendly for environmental policies.
The rapid development of the express delivery industry will lead to the growth of the glue and tape industries, which are associated with the development of the express delivery industry, which will lead to an increase in use such as the tape.
With the constant accumulation of the base, there has been a slowdown in business volume and income growth in the last two years, but, overall, there has been a high rate of growth in the delivery sector.
Housing construction has increased steadily, promoting the need for paints and waterproofing materials In 2019, the country completed 1,674.4 million square metres of housing, a 9% increase over the same period.
In the last five years, domestic production of acrylic acid has also shown a weak balance between supply and demand. For example, the production of acrylic esters, which accounted for the largest share of production, was affected by a steady increase in end demand. In 2014-2018, domestic production of acrylic acids and esters continued to increase at a higher rate than the increase in capacity. Over the last five years, production of acrylic acids has increased at an average rate of about 8%, compared with an average rate of 4% over the same period.
Combined with the above information, since 2014 the Acrylic acid and ester sector has expanded more rapidly, starting at a significantly slower pace in 2018. The steady growth in downstream demand has led to a steady increase in production of Acrylic acid and esters, which has grown faster than the growth in production capacity, and a roughly balanced supply and demand.
(iv) Environmental policy is tightened and supply-side reforms continue to be advanced Environmental policy is expected to contribute to the normative development of the acrylic acid and esters sector. The chemical industry is a highly polluting industry, with environmental protection, green production and sustainability as trends in industry development.
In order to achieve sustainable development, the chemical industry must implement cleaner production through the promotion of structural adjustment and industrial upgrading.
Thus, with increased social awareness of environmental protection and strict enforcement of environmental standards, it will increase the cost of environmental protection for industry firms and reduce their profitability. But greening and standardizing the industry has also created greater market space for advantaged firms.
The paints industry places emphasis on product quality. There is an increasing demand for aquatic environmental protection. This will also facilitate the accelerated development of the acrylic acid and ester sectors by increasing the demand for medium- and high-end paints.
This year, 17.6 million tons, or 6% more, were produced in the paint industry. Moreover, as a result of environmental policies and the operation of financial resources, the integration of the industry has created new opportunities for companies of higher size.
In 2017, 5433 chemical enterprises in Jiangsu province were ranked second in the country with a total output of over 2 trillion yuan. The programme clearly stated that by 2020, the number of chemical production enterprises in the province had decreased to 2,000; and by 2022, chemical production in the province had been reduced to 2,000.
There are no more than 1,000 enterprises. At the same time, a comprehensive evaluation of 50 chemical parks throughout the province will be carried out, reducing the number of chemical parks to about 20 on the basis of the results of the evaluation.
In the provinces of Shandong and Henan, the long-term goal is to reduce production capacity, upgrade the industry, improve production safety throughout the country, and open a new cycle in the chemical industry.
Supply-side reforms. The chemical industry has undergone a weather cycle of almost two years, but has not reached an industry-wide energy cycle compared to the past, with leading firms leading a significant increase in industry concentration under capital spending. (v) Exploration of the distribution of the chemical industry and the oil industry.
Because of the high proportion of the total supply of acrylic on the oil-based acrylic route, crude oil is the main raw material for the oil-based acrylic route: while propane is the main raw material for the production of propane dehydrate (poly) acrylic route, propane is typically derived from crude oil coupled with by-products from shale gas extraction. Therefore, price trends for (poly) acrylic are closely related to price trends for crude oil, crude oil prices
Changes will affect the production costs of (poly)propylene.
Material producers benefit: when crude oil prices fall, there is an excess supply of relative demand, a low start-up rate and a greater impairment of inventories, which reduces the profits of firms. Acrylic is an important product of c3 in petrochemicals, and prices are clearly affected by upstream oil prices.
As can be seen from the chart above, crude oil prices experienced a sharp drop in 2008-2010, falling by about $90 per barrel in a straight line, gradually recovering to over $120 per barrel around 2012. Oil prices fell again sharply in 2014-2017, from a fundamental balance of supply and demand in the market to acrylic, n-butylene and ethanol, and
Acrylic acids and esters and downstream related products, which cause price fluctuations in raw materials and products, affect product Māori rates and the stability of industry and corporate profitability. This also provides a basis for predicting future price trends for organic chemical products. (i) Company capacity expands at a significant rate.
Since it was listed, the company has been carefully focusing on the integrated development of the c3 industrial chain and has been expanding at two dimensions - horizontal scale, vertical whole-industry integration. The company has now completed the entire industry chain of acrylic - polypropylene - acrylic acid and ester - high molecular materials. The company produces acrylic acid as the main raw material, while acrylic acid and nbutylol, ethanol are the acrylic acid.
The main raw material for esters (the main products are acrylic butylate and ethyl esters), which are the main raw material for high-molecular emulsions, is a company whose products form a certain upstream/downstream industrial chain in which raw materials are actually procured externally, mainly propane, n-butylene and ethanol.
At the same time, the 220,000 tonnes of H2O per year project, built with pdh residual hydrogen, was launched in August 2018. The medium-term production of 150,000 tonnes of polypropylene per year, the three-phase conversion of 60,000 tonnes of high-sortage resin per year, 360,000 tonnes of acrylic acid per year and 360,000 tonnes of acrylic acid per year are on schedule and are expected to be delivered by mid-2020.
The project, which is planned to be completed in the third quarter of 2020, marks the first step in the ethylene fission project in China. When completed, the company will add 1.35 million tons of polyethylene, 2.190 million tons of ethanol and 260,000 tons of acetic acid.
We compare the production capacity of acrylic, acrylic and acrylic esters to that of satellite petrochemicals, with a combined annual growth rate of 15% of acrylic production, well above industry levels. In 2011-2018, acrylic production levels are 18% and 15% above industry averages.
(ii) Predominant advantage - to occupy core positions and deepwater harbours - companies take advantage of the pre-emptive advantage and take up a seat in downstream cores. The advantage of geographical location is prominent, and it will become public.
The Long Triangle, the Pearl Triangle, and the Penang triangle are the main markets, the East Silk Market of China in Jiangsu Wujiang, Xiao Xingxiang City, which is China’s main textile market, form an economic circle of one hour after the Qarsau Bridge across Changang River. Fujian is an important market for clothing and health supplies, making up the company’s main marketing area.
The main downstream sectors of our textile apparel, coating, glue and other acrylic acids and esters are concentrated in the east of China. The textile market is concentrated in Zhejiang, Jiangsu and Fujian Provinces. The provinces of Jiang Zhejiang alone are located in specialized markets such as China Luang City, East Silk City of China, Zhejiang Yanghing City, Zhejiang City of Textiles South and Yiu Small Commodities City.
The concentration of downstream industries has contributed to the development of the textile slurry industry. The use of high-molecular milk in Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Fujian, and Guangdong provinces together accounts for more than 90% of the country's total.
At the heart of the specialized markets is the Zhejiang City, Zhejiang City for Textiles in the South, Yeu City for Small Commodities, Shaochen City for Light Ribbon in China, and the Eastern Silk Market in China, which brings together a large group of downstream customers. The ACCP production capacity in the East of China accounts for 72% of the country, and the apparent consumption cost is nearly 40%.
In the pigments intermediate, the production capacity of 2b acids (sodium salt) and 4b acids in the country is concentrated in the provinces of Jiang and Zhejiang. After technological modernization and environmental rehabilitation, fewer than 10 enterprises are now able to start normal production and produce competitive products.
It can be about 90% or more of the country, with a higher concentration and stable pattern of industry. Closely connected to downstream industries, it can help companies respond more quickly to customers’ needs.
The company relies on satellite transport as a logistics platform to provide rapid and secure services to small and medium-sized customers in the region and to support the purchase of its own raw materials.
In order to take fuller advantage of its geographical advantages, the company has built chemical logistics bases in the ports of Qingshan and Chapu, which are integrated into transport. The company has signed a lease agreement with Triangular Chemical Ltd.
In the c2 industry chain, the company invested $100 million to build a petrochemical terminal and acetylene tank area in the Khayun Harbour to accelerate the ethylene fission project. With deep water ports as Ito, the public administration has a greater advantage in the efficiency and cost of transportation of raw materials.
(iii) With the advantage of high capacity utilization and industrial chain integration, the industry-led c3 chain has been further refined, allowing sufficient space to cope with the effects of price volatility of raw materials and products, to achieve a stable profit-making link to the whole industry, and to achieve a circular economy within the industrial chain that optimizes costs and reflects integrated competitiveness.
Building polypropylene production capacity, regulating price fluctuations for acrylics. In 2017, the company owned a 450,000-ton annual polypropylene project, which is better regulated for the company's acrylic products. When the price difference between acrylic and propane is greater, the choice is to sell the acrylics; if the price difference is smaller, the choice is to sell polypropenes.
Adequate regulation of the impact of volatile prices of raw materials on the company’s performance, enhanced industrial synergies, and increased overall profitability stability. Enhancing the production capacity of the sap, contributing to the upgrading of the company’s industry High molecular emulsions, pigments intermediates and saps are also downstream products of acrylic acid.
Molecular emulsions, 220,000 tons of peroxygen water, and an expansion of the current 2 tons of 30,000 tons of saps per year. The company can absorb about 150,000 tons of acrylic acid itself by adding capacity to the post-partum period, thus significantly reducing the stock pressure of excess capacity.
In 2018, the company’s subsidiary, Kowloon, obtained 23,56% of the share in WCL by way of concession and replenishment, invested a total of $10 million in WCL, further improving the layout of the SAP business. Consumption in the domestic market has greatly increased the consumption of personal care supplies, and WCLs have a certain market and brand base in the country.
At the same time, there is a well-defined synergy between nursing and company sap operations, one of the key components of the c3 industry chain – the sap has been one of the company’s priority industries in recent years. Health care is a business focused on the production and marketing of baby health care supplies, the main product of which is baby paper pee.
The company now has a production line of 90,000 tons per year. It has a number of technological achievements with autonomous intellectual property rights.
With its intellectual property rights, continuously industrialised production processes have now broken the technical safeguards of large-scale production and have a clear technological and productive advantage over similar manufacturers in the country. Companies have fully used their technological advantages in this area, taking advantage of the company’s cost and quality advantages in terms of raw materials, developing high-quality large customers, working with domestic and foreign branded paper pants producers to expand their capacity and production.
Hydrogen-based dioxygen water increases by-product utilization. In addition to the main product, companies have a lot of by-products in the production process, which are inter-products and have strong interlinkages. Some by-products are difficult to recycle because of various factors.
Because of the high rate of conversion of light hydrocarbons processes and low energy consumption, by-products are dominated by hydrogen, and the hydrogen market is valued at $12,000 per tonne, but because of transport difficulties companies can only treat them as fuel.
So the company actively promotes the integrated use of hydrogen, which, in addition to existing hexaoxy-water devices, allows for the supply of hydrogen to one another in the park and, in conjunction with domestic technological advances in the use of hydrogen, is also seeking to exploit hydrogen. By expanding production along the lines of perfecting the industrial chain, the company opens up room for imagination for subsequent growth in the harvest.
(i) The company 1.35 million tonnes/year ethylene project has a profit of $2.4 billion. Satellite petrochemicals were the first major venture into the ethane fission industry in the national chemical industry.
Tons of ethylene fission ethylene and downstream auxiliaries totalling $18.4 billion. The project is expected to be in production in 2020 with 1.35 million tonnes/year polyethylene, 2.19 million tonnes/year ethanol and 260,000 tonnes/year acetic acid production capacity.
(1) The net profit from ethane to ethylene is measured only for this period. (2) The future oil price hub is expected to be $50/bpb. (3) Model I, after the linear correlation of raw materials to crude oil, calculates the crude oil price at $50/bpd
(4) In model II, the historical price of ethylene is averaged at $983 yuan per ton and the price of ethane at $117 per ton, at a crude oil price of $50 per barrel.(5) There is a risk of decline in ethylene prices in the future, which is not taken into account in this calculation.
(6) The cost of transport of ethylene is $60/tonne (7) and the exchange rate of the United States dollar against the renminbi is US$1 = 7.10 (8) The other cost of ethylene is assumed to be 30% of the cost of ethylene.
(9) The average of the company’s three cost rates for the last three years is 8%. Model II is the highest in real terms.
After the 2020 project is completed, the company will have a “double carriage” in the c2 and c3 chain, when satellite petrochemicals will be able both to realize the profitability of the leading company on the acrylic track and to generate a very substantial cash flow at the end of the company.
The structure will be more optimized and the company ' s combined competitiveness, profitability and resilience to risk will be significantly enhanced. (ii) The company ' s 900,000 tonnes/year acrylic project will generate a net gain of $800 million (poly) acrylic business operating revenue of $37.752 million in 2019, an increase of 51 per cent in the same year, representing an increase in operating income.
In the last five years, petrochemicals used pdh to produce acrylic, which has a clear environmental and cost advantage over coal-based and oil-based routes. As a result of innovations in shale technology in the United States, traditional energy patterns have been broken, natural gas production has risen, prices have fallen and oil and gas prices have fallen.
Low-cost liquefied natural gas will cost low-cost propane raw materials. In the long run, it will also cost pdhpropane dehydrate less than oil. And, as companies are currently the largest AC companies in the country, yielding up to 25%, with good bargaining levels, the cost is at its lowest.
Data show that the cost of satellite petrochemicals is $500-600/ton lower than most domestic firms alone in the production of acrylic acid, and that the cost advantage of the whole chain is more than $1,000/ton, taking into account the cost of storage of raw acrylic self-sufficiency upstream of the company. According to the company announcement, the Māori rate can be 25%, based on a flat lake acrylic acid and ester device.
The profitability of the 900,000 tons acrylic project is measured below. The assumption is as follows: (1) the net profit from propane to propene is measured only for this time. (2) The future oil price hub is expected to be $50 per barrel, and the raw material price for this calculation is $50 per crude oil.
The historical price of raw materials under drums is central, at which the price of propane is US$ 393 per ton and the price of propane is 6486 per ton. (3) The US dollar is measured at US$ 1 = 7.10. (4) Assuming that the other cost of propane is 13% of the cost of propane.
(5) The average of the three cost rates for the company for the last three years is 8%.Table 6: The satellite petrochemical pdh Māori splits if the company’s 900 ton acrylic project is able to release 100% of its capacity.
Table 7: Net profit on acrylic (i.e. 840,000 tonnes/year of acrylic acid) under different oil prices
The company has a capacity of 480,000 tonnes/year for acrylic acids, 450,000 tonnes/year for acrylic acids, and an additional 360,000 tonnes of acrylic acids and esters will be ready for production in the third quarter of this year. (methyl)acrylic acids and esters earned $5,384.73 million in 2019, a decrease of 7% from the same year.)
The ratio is 50%. Since listing, company (methyl)propyl acids and esters have increased steadily, although oil prices experienced in 2015 have increased at an average rate of 10% over the past five years, mainly due to the company ' s introduction in 14 and 18 years of two pdh devices producing 450,000 tonnes of acrylic acrylic acrylic acid and esters, with a jump in production and harvests due to expansion of capacity.
The relative balance between the supply and demand of acrylic acids and esters in the country for the year, we believe that the company ' s business of acrylic acids and esters in the next three years will yield a net gain of $700 million over the same 840,000 tonnes/year. The company ' s 1 ton of acrylic acid will consume 0.68 tons of acrylic. When the crude oil price is at the centre of $50/bold, the price for acrylic acid is $7073 based on historical data.
The sum of $6,686 per ton, assuming a processing fee of $1,000, is $1663 per ton of acrylic acid, with a net profit of $823 per ton of acrylic acid, after deducting the company ' s three fees (8 per cent average of the three cost rates for the last three years) and its income tax (tax rate of 25 per cent). The company ' s net profit of 840,000 tons of acrylic acid is $700 million.
Table 8: Net profits from Acrylic Acid under different oil price centres. Table 8: Net profits from Acrylic under different oil prices.
Based on an analysis of the company ' s core business plate, we made the following assumptions: (3) assuming sales of acrylic acid and esters in 2020-2022 amounting to 900,000 tons, 1.28 million tons and 1.16 million tons in 2022; (5) assuming that the post-natal rate of ethylene is unchanged at 24 per cent.
The risk of a decline in corporate performance as a result of macroeconomic changes; the risk of a fall in product prices as a result of volatile prices of raw materials; and the risk of major accidents in terms of safety and environmental protection. Yang Jing, Nanjing University Land Department, and Rutgers University, Department of Chemicals, United States of America, jointly train Ph.D. (Geodetection and Information Technology, Calculating Chemistry and Oil)
In October 2014, he joined the private sector in the study of petrochemicals and building materials, and in 2015 he was a teacher. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, used data from the compliance channels to ensure that the reports were reported.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,