Long-term planning is based on a clear logic, with ten years to come to terms with the new heights of the global dairy industry, Wang Park Jun, the dairy and healthy drink industries, in keeping with the trend of the great health age: the developed world, the Chinese.
There is still much room for increasing milk consumption, and, driven by factors such as urban policy support, urban industrial restructuring, health awareness, we believe that the company's two main business directions — dairy and healthy drinking – are at a fast-growing stage of demand in the industry.
To ensure full-scale coverage, combined competitiveness, and strong industry leadership. Global health issues have led Chinese consumers to focus on such products as dairy products, which naturally have the effect of increasing human immunity, to a certain extent, and are expected to develop a corresponding milk consumption inertia in the future, thus driving the failure to do so.
Quick growth in the dairy sector as a whole. The company is a leader in integrated competitiveness and a strong leader: Eli has a leading, safe and solid upstream milk source and has excellent product research and development, branding and market extension capabilities and diversity.
There are many competitive advantages, such as globalization and good channels. Driven by the current demand for consumer-market health, we expect companies to record rapid growth in both sales and profits in the future and to maintain higher levels of profit in the dairy industry.
The upgrading of structures and the down-deeping of channels are driving the development of warm business: the rise in consumption in upper- and second-line cities is accompanied by a rising demand from consumers for structured markets for high-end, high-temperature liquid milk products, and the firm’s future structural optimization is leading to a significant trend towards sustained growth in turnover and profits; and the tendency for regular, liquid milk is a push.
The main group of products that drive the country’s milk consumption is expected to continue to grow in scale, with the company’s future towns and villages becoming permeable, and the company’s long-term consolidation of its leadership position in the regular-temperature liquid milk market. Low temperatures and cheese create a new dynamic: low-temperature pap milk, low-temperature yogurt milk, cheese, etc.
With a higher nutritional value and a better taste of dairy products, consumers will have a demand for them.