Income has been steadily rising, with the Division achieving a business income of $7.011 billion, an increase of 28.65 per cent over the same period; net profit to the mother of $198 million; and good cost control with a significant increase in contractual liabilities or an improvement in the corporate business landscape.
\triangleright achieved good cost control in the first quarter of 2025, with sales and management costs at $494 million compared to the same period last year, with a significant increase in contractual liabilities or an increase in the corporate business landscape.
In its 2024 annual report, the company clearly identified itself and its mission: to position itself as the leading Chinese intellectual product and service provider, with a mission to enhance customer value with digital technology.
In the light of the trend towards intelligence, the company will help the intellectual transformation of the industry with artificial intelligence technology, products and services from all over the place. 1) Infrastructure level, which will continue to invest in the development of an efficient denovox platform, i.e., a base of algorithms, i.e., a platform that will enhance the ability to develop and adapt to the original, i.e. a large model performance and build soft and hard intelligence.
Product capability matrix; 2) platform level, dedicated to the development of new smart technology platforms, including core products such as aise software engineering level, Kwok Xinwoo platform, Tianjini knowledge base platform, and Tianyan smart body engineering platform; 3) application level for consultation
For the purpose of diversion, based on a large platform of flexible maas model services to accelerate innovation in industry-based applications of artificial intelligence and large models, the application of a large, fast-facilitated enterprise model has been put on the ground.
Soft-line power (301236.sz) reported in 2024: the pace of rapid upgrading of national production technology routes, full layout and further development and application of the newest generation of income growth, with China holding the core competitiveness of the industrial chain.
Various end-products of the national product cpu; high-performance ai desktop products are posted on the aipc product line to provide continuous enhancement of the 2025/04/30 high-performance local ai computing capability to help users improve their efficiency while protecting their privacy.
Soft Dynamics (301236.sz) incident assessment: national production, continued intellectual energy, long-term upgrading of robotic operations, and initiation of development related to the self-made product mix and open-source system, covering desktops and education
Growth of dynamic energy - 2025/03/05 Media product group. Business at the enterprise level, performance forecast for 2024 for a new generation of general server models, tungai 3. Soft mobility (301236.sz)
(b) On the basis of basic software, the company harmonizes its equipment with that of the openharmony equipment;
The first project co-building unit of the Joint Technical Standards Preparatory Group, leading and participating in the development of a number of harmonized technical standards for connectivity, can be a chain tap potential period - 2025/01/27. Soft flow power (301236.sz) tri-quarter reporting point, 2024
Bu, the first to be connected to the harmonyos and to be ecologically integrated. Review: Performance improved significantly in a single quarter, with a soft and hard combination forming the backbone of the industrial chain - 2024/10/28.
Investment proposals: hardware of the company plus the layout of the three basic software platforms, “Hong Mun+Ola+Goss” +ai, 5. Soft Dynamics (301236.sz) company review report: Tradition has been formalized and its own scarcity is highlighted. Short-term profit fluctuations do not change the prospects for long-term development, while company industries do.
It is expected that the methodology and analytical logic will lead to the conclusions of the study, produce the report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and views. The report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, that the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and that the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.