Revenues have grown significantly, and China continues to strengthen the core competitiveness of the industrial chain.
With the new business block of smart e-business and the long-term layout of digital energy and intelligence services as new and emerging businesses, revenue growth has been significant. 1) Software and digital technology services operations: companies launch smart products such as the Sky Industry Connecti platform, the Skymanufacturing Industry Financial Platform, and large models of the insurance, retail and other industries.
Affordable Dynamics (301236.sz) incident evaluation: the country's winning "ai+iron" and other projects, such as the China Nuclear Finance Corporation's corporate financial management, to create multiple production, intelligence and continuous energy, and the long-term upgrading of robotic operations
Project sticker and strategic cooperation with China Mobile International, Chuhai City State-funded digital technology, etc., enabling industries to grow dynamic energy - 2025/03/05 2. Soft-flow power (301236.sz) performance forecast 2024
Computation of products and smart e-business: companies complete the integration of their share computer-related business around national production: short-term performance fluctuations do not change long-term prospects, China is the bottom of the industry's arithmetic, and pushes hard and hard synergies.
In the pc area, the company pc delivered the same amount in the fourth quarter of 2024 as it did in the third quarter of 2024 (301236.sz).
Performance in the single quarter has improved significantly, with soft and hard combinations growing by 126 per cent, year-on-year 106 per cent, market share doubling to 9 per cent, ranking third in the country, pc end-of-services holding the highest position in the party education sector; and the introduction of smart products such as aipc, Open Source Hong Kong, and others
4. Flexible power (301236.sz) company assessment reports: Trade-offs, research and development, applications, eco-cooperation, etc. in the field of basic software around a wide range of operating systems and databases.
In the field of digital energy, there is a convergence of virtual power plant resources in Liaoning Province.
Increased capacity, multiple power replacement stations equipped to operate, to obtain the Liaoning provincial sale of electricity, to expand the supply of electricity; and, in the area of intelligence services, to set up an intelligence business headquarters and to host Huang Po, Guangzhou, to issue the denovox science and computing service platform, to deploy planning computing clusters in a number of locations, to work with data from all over the country, science and technology, etc.
The business continues to make progress and robotics opens up long-term growth space. 1) Operating systems R & D & Contribution: the first projects of the company as a preparatory group for the harmonization of technical standards for openharmony equipment.
Co-builder, leading and participating in the publication of a number of harmonized technical standards on connectivity, the first of which were connected to harmonyos, and helped to achieve ecological integration.
Co-constructed with a cumulative contribution code of more than 420,000 lines, third in the number of codes; joint multi-firm enterprise 86sig, open-source intel chip code fit; community donor in the community of Hong Kong Ying-hwan, under the banner of Hong-Hung-hoon, who became a member of the open-source labour commission, participating in community decision-making and planning on important matters; and multi-participant participation.
Working with the community pmc and committee, community ecology committees, community safety committees and working groups make a significant contribution to community-building.
Eco-partners have completed the adaptation of more than 50 commercial equipments and gained significant market advantages in a number of areas, including urban management, mining, transportation, energy (electricity) and so on. 2) Results of South-South eco-cooperation: over 1,200 products are connected to harmonyoscontract in collaboration with over 500 eco-brand partners
Ecology, certified by more than 670 Hong Mengjien. In the field of smart households, working together with Shanghai Dream Lily to develop Hong Meng Ji Hoon's bed products, helping Aiomith to connect his hot water heater with his water purification unit to Hong Meng Moe's ecology, and Xiaomen Jayapule to complete the development of dozens of smart bathing devices; and in the field of intellectual travel, building car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-lave products, and
Dingle tech co-operates in the development of commercial light-smart electric vehicles; co-partners are also working on such things as the Chinese 100-year space guard (a remote connection of cell phones to house-wide devices), the Hizbulance Smart projector play10 (a custom set for equipment control depth), the Jeep music source for Soylong Head (a support to the Hong Meng Tsun and a match to the harmonyosnext mobile phone system), Ja.
(c) Advances in the development of applications northward: successful support for dry applications in the field of HONG Moe-won applications, and the creation of a brain-consortium (collection of data in conjunction with smart apparel devices, assessment of prescriptions for the recovery of motor impairments)
It provides a rich development tool, using technology such as China for cloud integration, and enhances the efficiency of application development, user experience, and privacy security.
In the area of basic industry templates, modular access and scenario configuration, operations in a number of provinces, covering areas such as cultural areas, tourist areas, consumer catering, co-publication of the “Memor Service O2o Brigade solution”, collaboration with more than 20 viewing areas and tourism services, such as the Monument of Cows Service with the National Oceanic Alliance, with the help of the Yuan Service
Robot layouts continue to expand: companies set up human robotics business headquarters, professional technical teams, and coordinate technology development, product layout and market expansion for robotics. Companies work with partners such as smart robots.
And at the same time, the company develops the Nebula, the smart computing platform, which is designed to provide powerful computing support for intelligent robots and optimize robots.
The company develops a more sophisticated movement control and more intelligent behavioral decision-making, covering different application scenarios and functional types, and is expected to meet the diversity investment proposal: the hardware of the company plus the layout of the three basic software systems, “Hong Mun+Ora+Goss” plus the i platform.
It has been formalized, its own scarcity highlighted, and it is hoped that the positive profile of robotics will open up the corporate president's methodological and analytical logic to conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be held accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.