The income continues to be positive, and the field of robotics and idiosyncrasies deepens their soft and hard integration layouts, and pc has a higher market share.
The machine brand is soft and Chinese and has launched smart products such as aipc, open-source Hong Hung Monipc/intelligent interactive tablet, and mechanical revolution aipc. According to Canalys, the company pc (with desktops and notebooks) grew 126% in the fourth quarter of 2024 the same year, and the market share was the second highest in the country.
1) Open-source community leadership is strengthened. 1) Open-source industry applications in coal mining, as the first mining company to publish the release of the mine Hungos, winning the national bid.
The first multi-million-dollar project to upgrade the equipment of the multi-million-dollar mine is to deepen the 20+ innovation scenario.
The project to develop data collection devices for the Southern grid completes the adaptation of the multi-purpose electrical equipment, Openharmony.
More than 420,000 lines were donated, with open-source community code contributions ranked third; the Hong Kong-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hu, a-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung, a-Hung-Hu, involved in major community decision-making, and led a number of criteria < < We-Hong-Hong-Hong as an important ecological partner, I-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-N'-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin'-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-H-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-H-H-Hin-H-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin-Hin'-Hin'-H'-H'-H'-H's-H's-H's-H's-H's-H's-H's-H'-H's-H's-H's-H's-H's-H's-H
Designed to develop more than 50 groups for cross-end migration, multi-end synergies, near-field communications, security certification, etc.
The helper's client has quickly completed the release and uploading of HONG's native applications, and has supported thousands of applications. In the direction of HONG, the soft-powered HONG's all-out solution has been joined by 500+-life branding partners to match 1,200+ eco-products.
The company has launched such smart products as the Sky Industry Interconnection Platform, the Sky Control Industry Finance Platform, the Smart Manufacturing Mom Platform, the Smart Space Management Platform Upgrade, the ai One Machine, and large models of insurance, retail, medical, steel, etc.
With regard to robotics, the company has completed the development of six robotic products and has worked with intelligence.
Co-operation in meta-robots strategy, joint development of universal scenario human robots. 2501 revenue growth robustly, with significant control costs. 2501 company revenue growth, 28.65%, with a smaller deficit. Māori rates are essentially the same, and sales, management, R & D costs are the same.
Investment Recommendations: The company is a partner of the Hong Meng-Ora-Goss, forming a soft and hard income that continues to be positive, active in the field of i and robotics, Pacific Securities Co. Ltd.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
This report is issued only to the signatory clients of the service agreement with the Pacific securities, the exclusive research product of the Pacific securities-contracting customers, and if you are not a Pacific securities-contracting customer, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any information in this report. Pacific securities will not be considered a Pacific securities customer by the recipient as a result of receiving, reading or paying attention to the content of this report in the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report