Computation phase-by-step completion, flexible and ready for long-term development Events: Soft-line power release of annual reports for 2024 and one-quarter reports for 2025, corporate revenue realization soft-flow power (301236.sz)
31,316 million yuan, an increase of 78.13 per cent over the same period; a net return to the mother of 180 million yuan, compared to 534 million yuan during the same period in the previous year; and a net return to the non-return to the mother of 72 million yuan, compared to 462 million yuan during the same period in the previous year. In the fourth quarter of the year, income of 9.1009 million yuan was realized, an increase of 91.79 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net return to the mother of 104 million yuan.
In the same period the previous year was $182 million, and in the first quarter of 2025 the company achieved an operating income of $7.011 billion, an increase of 28.65 per cent.
In November 2024, the same computer was officially renamed the "Softline Computers Limited Division". The company is now launching the Beijing letter on the basis of the existing Qinghua and Mechanical Revolution brands.
In the area of hardware sales, the fourth quarter of 2024, companies pc (including 106 per cent year-on-year growth, market share doubled from the previous year to 9 per cent, ranked third, according to the Canalys Agency report.
The company produces smart products such as aipc, open-source Hong Hung Monaipc/intellectuals that interact with tablets, mechanical revolutions like aipc.
Basic software areas: The focus is on open-source systems, open-source operating systems, open-source systems and open-source Goose databases, such as product research and development, industrial applications, eco-cooperation, open-source co-construction and talent development.
Ben; pioneered the completion of the compatibility of the open source intel chip based on x86 architecture at the end of pc, with initial connectivity with harmonyosnext; crane enterprise-level server operation system with softcomer computer servers certified and pre-assembled.
The ai server improves the coverage from the end to the cloud. In the area of enterprise-level product lines, the Division relies on its own resources, its ability to develop and improve its natural resources, and promotes technological breakthroughs and innovations around the base of basic computing, ai+, and large models.
At the ground level, it is certified by its primary development partner, and it is co-published as the "Big Model Logic Industry Solution " ; and it is built to assist the Shenzhen airport fastware centre.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. Establishment of a localized ai centre to build an intelligent customer management system; University of Economics and Trade Support for Foreign Countries
Construction of the ai digital economy laboratory and co-sponsorship of the "Digital Finance Model" in Tienai, "Golden Building A127 West Avenue in Beijing City West".
Prospective profit: the company is actively developing new technologies, new tracks, new customers, enjoying company digitization \triangleright
We expect that the components of Ps from 2025-2027 will not be relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the CVM-resumed qualification for portfolio investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.