Gore shares (002241.sz) Electronic components  other components  short-term performance during the short season of demand.
Corporate dynamics: companies issued medium-term performance reports for 2018, achieving business income of $8.43 billion in the first half of the year, compared to the same period. Short-term performance of companies affected by insufficient market demand: corporate operating income fell in the first half of the year and in the second quarter of the year, respectively.
15.5% and 19.6% of the market demand for important downstream applications, represented by smartphones, is low and the market for new products, including vr, is not expanding as expected, leading to a decline in the size of the company ' s related business. As a manufacturing enterprise, the suboptimal size of the volume of goods delivered affects the profitability of the company as a whole, and the company remains the firm.
However, the need to maintain sustained spending on R & D inputs and lay the foundation for sustained future development has led to a decline in the net profits of the company. Electronic components drag on the M & A rate, and R & D continues to invest in the future: the first half of the year was due to the export of electronic parts.
The shortfall also led to a 4.3 percentage point decline in the Māori rate of the business in question, thereby delaying the level of the Māori rate, which remained stable in the soundware business. The decline in the overall income scale resulted in a 0.6 and 2.5 percentage points increase in the cost of sales and management, respectively, with three costs.
The overall increase in the rate level was 3.3 percentage points to 17.1 per cent, but we can see that, despite the performance guidelines for companies, short-term pressures remain, and the stock of product technology is still available in the long term: the company is expected to present a puzzle in 2018.
Real-world market growth slows and firms expand new business inputs. In terms of performance guidance, short-term firms face business pressures, but we remain optimistic about their medium- and long-term growth, mainly because: 1) The competitiveness of electronic sound products continues: as one of the leading firms in the industry, companies are in the market for electronic sound products.
Gore shares: significant performance growth in 2017, short-term fluctuations Technology accumulation and brand visibility are central drivers of steady future development; 2) downstream market expansion period: not only in consumer electronics, corporate products have been effective in industries such as apparelable equipment, smart homes, etc.
Gore shares: significant growth in performance in the first half of 2017, unfinished layout and penetration, and future growth of industry as firms are expected to open up new market spaces; 3) Technology enrichment: high-end technologies such as stereos, waterproofs, etc., that continue to advance in electronic sound technology.
Gore shares: The upgrading of acoustic components drives performance growth, and new areas such as virtual semiconductor seals, mems, etc. continue to accumulate competitiveness, laying the foundation for companies to achieve a more abundant expansion of applications in the future.
Gore shares: significant growth in performance, transformation and profitability in 2016; new product markets are not opening up as expected. First, quarterly performance ratings: market demand is lower than expected to affect company performance
Corporate business income declined more markedly in the first half of the year and in the second quarter, mainly because of insufficient end demand for the important downstream application market, represented by smartphones, and the slowdown in demand for new products, including vr, which led to a decline in the scale of business related to the company. As a manufacturing enterprise, the suboptimal size of the volume of goods delivered affected the company as a whole.
Profitability, and the continued need for companies to maintain their spending on R & D inputs, laying the foundation for future sustained development, has also led to a decline in the net profits of successful companies compared to the same period.In terms of operating costs, in the first half of 2018, sales costs, management costs and financial costs were 2.9 per cent and 12.0 per cent, respectively.
The cost of maintaining a business operation increased by 3.3 percentage points in the first half of the year as a result of the three cost ratios combined.
In terms of product distribution, paper belts and tape still account for 94.1 per cent of the company’s income, while new products continue to account for a limited share of the higher rate of growth, and the cost of paper belts in terms of Māori rates is greater. (i) Steady domestic development, with less than expected overseas markets
The increase of 0.4 percentage points in the same year has maintained a robust expansion of basic business. While overseas market sales revenue of $6.53 billion has steadily expanded in demand with the company’s domestic market, less than expected demand from overseas markets for smart terminals and virtual real-life operations has affected corporate overall performance and has had a negative impact on revenue collection and Maori rates.
(ii) The maintenance of soundware operations, with a slight decline of 3.9 per cent in the volume of pressure on the electronic parts business, resulting in a larger decline in downstream demand for the electronic parts business, which resulted in a 27.0 per cent decrease in the size of revenue from the same period.
(iii) Performance guidance suggests that market pressure still exists and that the pace of growth has slowed, and companies have increased their investment in new business expansion.
Continued medium- and long-term optimism, with a downward shift in corporate ratings to buying-b. Profit projections are based mainly on the following assumptions:
With the prospect of a strong industrial season, companies are expected to continue to move steadily with long-term, stable cooperative relationships; (2) domestic households, as the quality and functional requirements of their electronics devices increase, are expected to grow in size as industry leads, and low-season values have the potential to grow in the future.
Electronics component business: The forecast for distribution of the business consists of two main components: 1) the current market demand for virtual real business is difficult to raise, and companies will still be under pressure in the short term, but in the future, with products such as ar/mr on the market, the company's related business Māori rate of the product, 1) the overall Māori ratio of the electronic soundware business can be largely stable and the profits of core customers overseas can be maintained
Levels are stable, with a slight decrease in the Māori rate of product structure changes as domestic client size increases: 2) The electronic parts industry generally maintains a stable level of Māori as the volume of products increases. On the cost side, the company’s R&D costs will continue to increase, and the cost levels will fluctuate with the income scale and other major costs will continue to increase.
The level of capital spending is expected to remain stable over time, with investment projects entering a steady pace, and the output of the end products of the major downstream customers falling short of expectations; Increased market competition affects product prices and profitability;
The market for newly entered products is not as open as expected.