There is considerable scope for increasing annual production and sales. Industry cyclicality, growth in performance, changes in corporate valuation systems, re-engineering of corporate valuation systems since 2019, and significant increases in stability, a stable pattern of high-end white wine through cycles, will continue to grow in the future.
In 2012-2019, the high-end white wine market grew in size. As a top white wine first brand, companies have a clear competitive advantage and will continue to benefit from industry expansion.
Tens of tons, equivalent to 4.76 million tons in 2024, will bring back the production of finished wines in 2020-2024 and, as the pipeline reform continues, the direct-camp ratio will continue to rise, the channel profits return and the company’s performance will be enhanced.
Corporate valuations have fluctuated considerably in the past because of the apparent pattern of the white wine industry. Since 2015, the demand for this round of white wine recovery has been dominated by residential consumption and increased stability.
Changes in industry logic drive companies to change their valuation systems from cycle to consumer goods.
Soy sauce and white wine are examples of cultural wines in the middle of the country. The front of Maotai in Guizhou was a State-run gin factory formed in the early 1950s by a combination of three wine-breeding factories in Mao Tai Town, which was restructured in 1999 to form Yutai Co. Ltd., which was placed on the market in August 2001.
Cognac Brandy, England's Scotch, and called it “the world's three largest (distilled) wines”, is the country's nose and typical representative of the big vernacular white wines, five years of China's brand-new competition for wine, the historical image of alcohol, the company's share in the high-end white wine market is close to 70%, and the prices of the staple products are at a gap with other competitions.
The price trends and sales policies of the big monolithic maze, which has been above competitive prices since 2005, have also had an important impact on the white industry as a whole, not to mention the size or price of a well-deserved first brand of high-end white wine.
The actual control of the company is exercised by the People’s Government of Guizhou’s State Property Supervisory and Control Board, which holds 61.76% of the shares of the company indirectly through China’s Maotai Liquor Factory (Group) Limited.
Companies marketed, but the attitude of the Government in targeting and channel planning was an important influence.
Maotai, Guizhou, landed on a stock market in 2001 and recorded a 37-fold increase in stock prices in the 18-year period, from RMB 1 billion in 2001 to a 31-per-cent annual compound growth rate. In 2018, companies accounted for about 12 per cent of the total volume of industrial revenues and net profits, accounting for about 34 per cent of the total size of the industry ' s profits.
2. High-end white wine is the best pattern, with strong growth certainty 2.1. The high-end pattern is strong, and the high-end white wine market shares are highly concentrated in the first three brands, with the highest rates in the city.
The market for white wine is about 120 billion, with a 99% share in the city of Mao, 5 grain fluids, and the state cellar 1573, of which Mao has a share of about 63% in the high-end wine market. The competition pattern is difficult because of the very high brand barriers to high-end white wine.
The country’s income has grown rapidly since 2013, with a steady rise in the high-end white wine market, 2.2 per cent in high-end white wine, a steady increase in future growth, and a steady rise in consumer consumption, which is the basis for the growth of high-end white wine.
The average wealth level is increasing. On the one hand, the middle class is growing, and on the other, the wealth level of the rich is rising. As wealth rises, consumer confidence rises, consumers pursue higher prices, high quality, and white wine is expected to remain double in size over the next five years as the most visible part of human interaction.
High-end white wine prices can be raised. In terms of sales: high-end white wine is now sold at about 70,000 tons, with a compound upswing in 2012-2019, benefiting from consumption upgrades and branding drives, and is expected to continue to cover future high-end liquor sales, which are twice as high as in 2011 and have just reached the highest end price in 2011 in the skyscrapers, five grains and gallons.
Figure 11: High-end liquor prices are still within acceptable range (unit prices/dollars), 3 - Companies: products, marketing, channels, building powerful moats together
The company's product is classified as "super-high-end + high-end + sub-high-end." The company's product is divided into "sub-high-end + high-end" and "high-end" series.
Personalized products such as Mau-Dai wine (positioned at high-end prices above $1,000), low-quality Mau-Dai wine (800-1000 yuan), bio-shaw souvenirs (with both commodity and investment attributes) and customized wine; a series of wine cards at a price of 100-500 places, which is expected to account for about 85 per cent of total revenue in 2019, and Mau-Dai Maori for about 87 per cent of total Māori.
In 2019, as the biggest single item in the white industry, the price policy became a sign for the white industry, giving the consumer a strong branding impression. The years of wine, raw wine, personalized wine, invested in the year, raw Xiao Xiao.
Cultural, personalized services are being used perfectly, with successful branding and brand image, to upgrade the product structure, relying on brand pull, a series of fast-discharged wines out of 10 billion-dollar sizes. In 2014, the series of wines were removed from sales companies, operated on their own, relying on the power of the dotted wine brand, growing rapidly, and in 2019, sales broke out of calibres.
Ten billion yuan, or 57 per cent of the 2014-2019 compound growth rate, became a new performance growth point for companies. 3.2. Give product-rich cultural content, build strong brand pull. Competition for high-end products is centred on brand power.
This has led to the creation of a “high-end, scarce” image of the Guotai wine, which is difficult to enrich in a short period of time, from selling wine to selling culture: the company discovers the “twelve cultures” around the position of the State wine hut: historical culture, red culture, quality culture, healthy culture, culture of integrity, accommodation.