The Centre for Resource and Environmental Research is performing as expected, increasing the profit center of the increased chlorinated titanium powder to the mother ' s net profit of $3,831 million, an increase of 96.48 per cent. q3 quarter revenue of $5,468 million, an increase of $5,468 million.
Three quarters of titanium powder continues to be high, the fluorinated titanium powder continues to be released, and the company has increased its profits by the same amount. According to the information from Beichuan, the price of titanium powder (blr 699) q3 from the titanium sulphate method is an average of $2.12 million/blr 895) q3 from the platinum chlorination method is an average cost of 22.2 million yuan/tonne per plant, compared with 17.7 million/tonne.
Gold Chemical Group Performance Review, 30,58% in tons. National titanium exports in the last three quarters were 93,86 million tons, up from 0.09 million tons in the previous three quarters, ring prices were 2,413 yuan per ton, and corporate-owned titanium chain integration was reduced by 2.88%.
The q3 Māori ring ratio has increased slightly since then. 3. The second quarter performance has grown significantly, with companies making a profit.
The company plans to invest 3.5 billion dollars in the future, and will continue to invest in the update of the company's report, building on the innovation of 500,000 tonnes/year of titanium climbing to convert the chlorinated titanium slag.
4. An updated report by the company, titanium powder scene, with a demonstration of 200,000 tonnes/year of chlorinated titanium powder and aluminas for integrated recovery of rare metals, with a package of 1 million tonnes/year of high salt wastewater depth treatment projects.
5. The Draft Equity Incentives were launched, with a high degree of ownership, coverage, and helpability of chlorinated products. Companies are the only ones in the country with large-scale boiling-to-chlorine technology, working with titanium to slow the diffusion of chlorinated technology and adopting technology.
Innovative solutions to the problem of capacitation of titanium powder. The company has now stabilized its chlorination device, which has not been able to build a new 200,000 tonnes/year chlorinated titanium powder production into the post-partum process. Under the integrated layout of the industrial chain, the company uses technology to innovate, while also providing its own raw materials such as titanium ore and sulphuric acid, to increase the profitability of efficiency gains.
Chenyi3@gjzq.com.cn takes into account the company's continued increase in the ability to produce titanium powder with chlorination, the continued reduction of efficiency in new titanium concentrates, and the layout of Wang Minghui
The titanium upgrades the industrial chain, and the titanium phosphate titanium project is introduced into the new energy materials sector, with long-term growth (+472%) of billions of yuan, based on comparable companies, with a premium of 18 times the value of the company, with the project releasing less than expected; downstream industry needs are down; titanium is down; inventory and receivables are downgraded.
A higher rate of growth, equity pledge risk, goodwill impairment risk, major shareholder risk reduction, etc., is then calculated on average and the final rating is then calculated as the market average investment