I'm very impressed with the performance, and the new project guarantees growth.
At the same time, the company has published a demonstration project for the integrated recovery of rare metals such as two hundred thousand tons of chlorinated titanium powder and titanium per year (a package of one million tons of high salt waste water treatment projects). The project will invest 3.5 billion yuan in the construction of branchworks, including 200,000 tons of high-grade titanium chloride powder, 43 million tons of hydrochloric acid, 100,000 tons of falconyl and 400 tons of pentaxide.
The company is a domestic titanium-polything company that recovered in 21 years and increased the price of titanium powder, leading to a significant increase in the company’s performance. The company’s main product has a high profile and secure performance; and the company continues to expand.
Production, deepening industry moats, and growing space for the future, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The bulk of the company’s products rose in volume, and the company’s performance grew rapidly: the company’s performance grew largely as a result of the company’s main crop, which cost $2352 per ton of concentrate, yoy + 67%. The company’s high self-sufficiency rate of titanium powder and the price of titanium concentrate was high.
The price of titanium powder has risen further, as a result of the power restrictions, and the current price of titanium powder has risen by 2% over the average price of 03, followed by titanium powder with a high view of the product mix.
Titanium powder Māori rises by the same year and cost controls are effective: benefiting from the rising price of titanium powder, corporate hair, sponge titanium and tetrachloride titanium.
8.11 per cent, of which sales costs fell by 1.92 pct to 2.17 per cent on a year-on-year basis, management costs to the same year, industrial systems were enriched and new energy materials were laid out: companies as domestic titanium powder taps.
Increased chain production, based on an innovative project to upgrade 500,000 tons of titanium climbing to convert chlorinated titanium slags, invested in the construction of a new demonstration project for the integrated recovery of rare metals, such as chlorinated titanium powder and titanium, accompanied by the construction of a 1 million tons/year high salt wastewater depth treatment project to achieve a capscal magnet.
The integrated use of mines further boosts the company's titanium-chlorinated titanium slag-chloride titanium powder-spongiform titanium-tium-tium-tium-tium-tium-tium-tone, and the planned 100,000-ton chloride-platinum focal point. As industry leaders, the company actively takes advantage of development opportunities and optimizes the industrial chain, with sufficient momentum for subsequent growth.
Profit forecast: Considering that the price of titanium powder is expected to continue to be high, we have revised the profit forecast. This report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Bonds (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... were not established by ... individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.