q3 has a high level of re-innovation, a two-round development of titanium powder plus new energy Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) of 200,000 tons of titanium chloride powder and a demonstration project for the integrated recovery of rare metals such as titanium powder and titanium.
• A significant increase in performance over the same period and a continuing double-up trend in the price of titanium powder. The company achieved a significant increase in its performance in the first three quarters of 2021, bringing the net profit return to 3,831 million yuan, an increase of 96.48 per cent over the same period, and a net profit on the deduction of the net return to the mother to 3,761 million yuan, an increase over the same period
1.82%, once again a single-quarter record high. The major increase in corporate performance in the year-on-year period is the continued upward trend in titanium powder, with the company continuing to double the price of titanium powder. The price of titanium powder continues to rise, with an average price of $19526/t in the three quarters of 2021, the same rate.
The company's goal of selling titanium powder is to take advantage of the situation and increase the efficiency of titanium powder production, especially the effective release of chlorinated products. Although the prices of the original materials have also risen significantly, the firm's competitive advantage of vertically integrated whole chains is fully apparent, with the firm's net profit being equal to that of the other companies.
• Expanding the capacity of the titanium chloride industry to further consolidate titanium powder taps. The company has invested in a new demonstration project for the integrated recovery of rare metals, such as titanium chloride powder and thallium, on the basis of an innovative project to upgrade 500,000 tons of titanium titanium uplift to convert the titanium chloride slag.
The construction of a 1 million-tonne/year high salt wastewater depth treatment project, the integrated use of accelerated iron ore, continued to expand the technical advantages of the chlorinated titanium powder and enhance market competitiveness. According to the announcement of 25 October 2021, the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Sichuan Dragon Pine Minerals, had limited liability.
The company plans to invest in the construction of a pilot project for the integrated recovery of rare metals, such as 20 million tons of titanium chloride powder and thallium (with 1 million tons of high salt waste water treatment project). The project produces 200,000 tons of high-grade titanium chloride powder, 430,000 tons of hydrochloric acid, 100,000 tons of falcon, 400 tons of oxidation.
The company is the sole industry leader in the country with both large-scale acids and two titanium powders of boiling chlorination, and through the implementation of this project, it expands its chlorination capacity.
Consolidating the company's pre-emptive advantage in the domestic chlorination titanium powder industry, optimizing the product structure, enhancing one-quarter performance innovation, adding positive material Market competitiveness, increasing market ownership, and becoming a new profit growth point for companies in the future.
The project has now been completed by the Saltside District Development and Reform Bureau. 2. Acceleration of the layout of new energy materials, construction of industrial chains, construction of a two-wheel development model for titanium powder plus new energy sources, and acceleration of the deployment of new energy materials.
The company created a two-wheel development model for titanium powder plus new energy, and a whole chain of titanium-chlorinated titanium powder - titanium sponge titanium - titanium alloy, with 1,010,000 tonnes/year of titanium.
Production capacity, which will benefit fully from the current titanium gas cycle and achieve the advantages of scalability and integration, while the company plans to establish a joint venture with Hubei Man Yu, New Energy Technology, Inc., in North-South Shore County, to build a 100,000-ton annual phosphate iron project, which was submitted to the Board on 25 July 2021.
The meeting was considered for adoption; in August 2021, the company signed a framework agreement for strategic cooperation with Henan Energy Industries Group Ltd., which will actively seek high-quality cooperation projects in areas such as new energy sources and artificial graphite-nepolar material for ion batteries, battery material-grade phosphate iron and titanium powder for chlorination.
The medium-sized projects include (1) the production of 200,000 tons of iron phosphate per year, with a total investment of 1.2 billion yuan in three phases of construction. (2) the production of 100,000 tons of lithium ion batteries per year, with artificial graphite, with a total investment of 1.5 billion yuan in two phases of construction. (3) the production of 200,000 tons of lithium phosphate per year, with a total investment of 2 billion dollars.
The company has accelerated the deployment of new energy materials in the field of iron phosphate and lithium phosphate, artificial graphite and polar battery materials, and has continued to expand the ability to produce titanium chlorochemical powder while building on the advantages of the titanium industry.
A two-round development model for titanium powder + new energy is expected to emerge in the future, moving from integrated resource use to new material production, building integration advantages on a continuous downstream basis. (1) Risks arising from price fluctuations in raw materials and major products:
(2) Risks to safe production: (3) Environmental protection risks: (4) The project is not proceeding as fast as expected
International dissertation, cited more than 600 times, applying for five national inventions patents; B.A., University of Tianjin; 2 years of strategic planning experience, 5 years of research by chemical sellers: Wang Keung Feng, Research Assistant, Master of Chemical Industry, Zhejiang University, China Petroleum University (Beijing), Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, 2 years of international chemical strategy, market experience, 1 year of research experience by chemical sellers.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.