Other specialized machinery/specialized equipment/mechanical equipment Equipment operations are increasing at the rate expected, taking into account the continued release of materials operations The increase in revenue is increasing at the rate expected and the material operations are starting the second growth curve.
The company’s material operations have benefited from the rapid growth of its operations in the form of tiles, sapphires, gold lines, etc. On 10 May 2022, the company’s subsidiary, Ning Xia, produced 160,000 quartz and quartz production bases, which in one year produced 48,000 large-sized quartz and quartz and produced 28 to 48 inches of quartz.
In November 2022, a new generation of gold-line materials production project was launched. In 2023, the company planned to sell materials with revenues of over $5 billion, and we judged that the company's ability to produce gold-line production was expected to be on the right track.
This objective is strongly supported by the fact that profitability has remained stable and sales/management costs have declined significantly.
This is a decrease of 1.81 pct. The Māori rate for material operations is 38.99 per cent, an increase of 14.45 pct over the same period. We determine that the main reason for the faster increase in Māori for material operations is the higher share of business. At the cost side, the cost of company sales/administrative costs/research and development costs are 0.42/2.69.749.749 per cent, respectively.
On 31 December of that year, the company ' s outstanding contracts for equipment and smart processing equipment totalled $25,423 million, representing an increase of more than 60 per cent in operating income over the same period, and we believe that the company has little pressure to meet this target, depending on the size of the existing outstanding orders and contractual liabilities.
At the end of the semiconductor equipment, the company achieved full coverage of 8 inches of silicone, slices, polishing, cvd, 12 inches of silicon long crystals.
Equipment such as slicing, grinding, polishing, thinning, etc. has also been sold in bulk. In addition, the company has extended downstream into the semiconductor industrial chain by developing thinner devices, outer extension devices, lpcvd devices for crystal circles and capping ends. Power semiconductor equipment ends, company-separated silicon 6 inches carbonide.
Following the bulk sale of the equipment, a six-inch double-carbonized silicon extension was successfully developed. At the end of the photovoltaic device, the company extended to batteries and components, developing piped equipment compatible with a wide variety of battery technologies.
Sold; at the end of the component, the company developed equipment lines for multiple processes, including stacked voltage welders, voltage boards, border self-loaders, glue detectors, etc. In 2023, the company planned to sign new battery equipment and component equipment orders in excess of $3 billion. At the end of the material business, the company achieved 300 kg level and above.
Sapphire crystals produce large quantities of silicon carbonated crystals of 8 inches, and are expected to be rapidly released into the company’s second-growth curve. Carbonated silicon materials are expected to support the company’s performance growth.
It must be underestimated that there is still some room to rise in the future, maintaining its “buy-in” investment rating. The photovoltaic silicone expansion rate has declined; competition has intensified in the thugs, diamond-line industries; semiconductor silicon expansion has declined; and the carbonated silicon business needs have fallen short of expectations.
For the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index is defined as follows: