The revolutionary launch of the fifth generation of monocrystals, with a leading equipment dealer on the 30th of May, 2023.
Keywords: # Second Curve: Launching the fifth generation of monocrystal furnaces, adding the superconductor magnetic field to solve the problem of concentric circles: Transcrystal power continues to be rolled out, with new monocrystals from size to quality.
The year began with the launch of the third generation of rcz high-yield single-crystal furnaces; the fourth generation of intelligent monocrystals, based on the industrial Internet, in 2020; and the fifth generation of single-crystal furnaces, released on May 22, 2023, which solves the problem of topcon by introducing superconducted magnetic fields.
The Xanax has the highest magnetic field supply in the country, with more than 200 deliveries so far. We believe that the crystals engine is a traditional single-crystal locomotive, new, low-oxy monocrystal, forward-looking layout, with a leading edge, as silicon n continues to grow.
With the single-crystal penetration rate rising, crystal-spill electrical orders are expected to remain high. The current topcon silicon is prone to concentricity problems, and the superconducting magnetic field is an effective solution: with the rapid release of the n battery, especially the topcon, the demand for the n silicon is significantly higher.
The n silicon is prone to concentricity and blackness caused by primary oxygen. Topcon is more likely to have concentricity problems. The magnetic field can be effective in containing heat flows, reducing the oxygen content of the silicon, improving the economy with the addition of the magnetic field, and the market space is wide: (i) back-cycle angle: n silicon.
The oxygen content and purity requirements are higher than the p type, the oxygen content can be reduced to 7 ppma (n industry standard) only in the magnetic field, and overall industry profits are still higher at a reasonable profit rate of 12 per cent of the silicon price reduction plus the n type, with single-crystal furnaces returning to the current cycle for about three years. (2) Downside efficiency perspective: 0.3 per cent efficiency gain.
• Launching of a single box & gold line, forward-looking development of tungsten wire: (1) one box & one machine: quarterly reviews: quick release of materials, automation, efficiency, intelligence. (2) gold line: continuous fine-tuning.
Founded in October 2022, the Ningxia base made plating of tungsten wires and plating of the tungsten wires, which are mainly responsible for the increased performance of platform-based layouts.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystals, and the second curve is half. Transistor power (300316): 2023q1 industry equipment, and the third curve is photovoltaic and semiconductor consumption. We're vinyl.
1. Launch of the fifth generation of single-crystal furnaces and introduction of superconducted magnetic fields to solve the problem of concentricity
Transistor power continues to produce a new single-crystal product, from size to quality. In 2007, Crystal Power launched the first generation of fully automated single-crystal furnaces; in 2011, the first water-cooling device was launched to achieve the second generation of single-crystal furnaces at a high speed; in 2015, the first-ever launcher + the big hotfield, which created the third generation of rcz single-crystal furnaces; and in 2020, the fourth generation of intelligence based on the industrial Internet was first introduced.
Mono-crystal furnaces, the fifth generation of single-crystal furnaces released on May 22, 2023, which solves the problem of topcon by introducing superconducted magnetic fields, whose subsidiary has a magnetic field supply capability, the highest market player in the country for superconducted magnetic fields, and has delivered more than 200 so far.
With a forward-looking layout of a low-oxy monocrystal, with a leading advantage, the crystal-spill electricity order is expected to remain high as silicon N continues to expand & low-oxy monocrystal penetration.
2. The current topcon silicon is prone to concentricity problems, and the superconductive magnetic field is an effective solution for the actual annual expansion of about 110gw, which was expanded by about 400gw in January-April 2023, leading to a rapid increase in the demand for the n silicon, which is highly demanding for crystal quality and oxygen carbon content, requiring a higher lifetime and lower oxygen content.
The n silicon is prone to concentricity and black chip problems caused by the primary oxygen. The main high temperature silicon solution is a relative high-speed flow of silicon in the thorium, because it is cold outside in the hot middle, cold on the bottom heat, and silicon solution in the thorium forms a class of "open pans" that causes internal movements of silicon solutions, which are constantly flushing the stone, which is silicon dioxide.
Oxygen is integrated into silicon solutions during brushing, causing more oxygen in crystals. Topcon is more likely to have concentric problems. Topcon, under subsequent high-temperature processes (e.g., b-difficultation), is prone to deposition into an oxygen ring, the concentric circle, which affects efficiency and efficiency, so topcon is more sensitive to silicon oxygen content; and hjt is a low-temperature process, with a concentric circle.
The magnetic field can effectively suppress heat flow, reduce the oxygen content of the silicon and improve the concentric circle. The magnetic field can effectively suppress the flow of silicon solutions, making silicon solutions sticky, and slow down silicon solutions can significantly reduce the amount of oxygen in silicon crystals.
Figure 3: Topcon silicon silicon is prone to concentricity and blackcardia problems. Figure 4: Magnetic field can effectively reduce heat reflux (b, vortex is smaller and less) and increase thermal homogeneity (d, solid liquid interface oxygen concentration is lower and evenly distributed)
3. Magnetic field additions have a certain economy and market space is wide (1) back-to-back perspective: n silicon tablets require a higher oxygen content and purity than p, and only magnetic fields can reduce oxygen content to 7 ppma (n industry standard), with a reasonable profit margin of 12% silicon +n, industry as a whole
The profits are still high, with single-crystal furnaces returning to the current cycle for about three years. 1) In 2023, the crystal-spill superconducting magnetic field will be about 1.5 million yuan per station, and in 2024 it is expected to fall to 1 million yuan per station (a 30 per cent reduction). 2) Single-crystal + magnetic field will be effective in increasing the silicone crystallization rate, crystallization rate, and 10 per cent single yield. 3) Magnetic field can slow silicone silicon silium flushing, prolong the life of the silicon solution, n
(iv) 76 single-crystal + superconductor magnetic fields per gw required for type n with equipment value of tens of thousands of yuan per table, approximately 2.5 years in the return cycle. Degree: with 72 components at 182 dimensions, conversion efficiency of 24.3 per cent, single-crystal + superconductor magnetic field can be used effectively to increase electricity
Pool conversion efficiency of 0.1 to 0.5%, thereby increasing the power of the components. Based on the battery efficiency increase of 0.3%, component of $1.6/w, the premium for the components of 550w is estimated at $10.8, which is more than $19 million per gw.) Downside: the single crystal furnace plus superconductor magnetic field can use 5% of the first tails and reload the first tails, which is equivalent to 5% of the electricity cost.
It is 0.1/w, of which electricity costs about 0.08/w, resulting in savings of 0.004/w per gw, and 5/15/30/0 per cent per gw, respectively, and 2) the increase in the hyperconductor magnetic field can boost single-crystal production, and figure 7: we expect that the market space for low-oxy monocrystals will exceed 20 billion yuan by 2025
4. Launching a separate box package & gold line, forward-looking development of tungsten wire (1) tungsten box & tungsten: automating, efficient, intelligent.
Ben saved $2,000 per square, reduced operating costs by 25 per cent, and reduced labour costs by 83 per cent. (2) Golden Steel Lines: constantly fine-lined. A team was set up in October 2022 at the Ningxia base to do plating of tungsten wires and plating, with the main risk of producing tungsten wire core materials. 39 black tungsten wires were successfully produced in April 2023.
The actual tungsten line is 38 lines, corresponding to industry plate number 31), and in May it was successfully made 120 km 36 μm black tungsten wire (the tungsten tungsten tungsten line 35 lines, corresponding to industry plate number 28 lines). In December 23, the company challenged line 33, corresponding to plate number 26.
Figure 9: Progress in the development of transistor tungsten wire 5. Profit forecasting and investment rating.
Full release of materials and semiconductor consumption. We maintain the company ' s net return profit of $4,778 billion in 2023-2025.