Release of 8-inch single-carbled silicon extension equipment, technology surge.
Research assistant Li Wenji, keyword: # Second Curve, Event: 27 June, company's micro-message release, successful development of the 8-inch monofilm.
Carbonated silicon extension equipment.  Successful release of 8-inch single-carbide silicon extension equipment compatible with 6-8-inch carbide excavation: prior to February, crystallizer power had successfully released 6-inch double-carbide silicon excavation equipment (model number)
150d with a capacity of 600-650 pieces) and in less than six months it was successfully re-enacted with an 8-inch single-carbon silicon growth device. (1) Compatible 6-+8-inch: 8-inch equipment is based on techniques such as 6-inch high-precision closed loop control, process gas accurate partition control, etc., which solves the temperature homogeneity in cavity design,
Control challenges such as homogeneity of the current field have led to the achievement of a mature and stable 8-inch carbonated silicon outreach process, which is expected to reduce costs by more than 60 per cent in the future by increasing production and scale benefits compared to the 8-inch carbon silicon crystal circle. (2) Technology indicators are in the forefront of the industry: the crystallizer is now crystallized in the subsidiaries.
On the basis of an 8-inch line, the 8-inch single-carbon silicon-extension growth facility has been developed and tested from the main source, within 1.5 per cent of the thickness of the extension, within 4 per cent of the blended homogeneity, without any extension from single to multiple (simple or single-simple) and increased from one to more.
The extension equipment has been successfully replaced by national production, with the crystal-spill power being a domestic leader: previously carbonized, silicon-extension equipment was dominated by Italy's lpe, Germany's aixtron, and Japan.
Nuflare has a monopoly, but the production capacity of foreign leaders is seriously inadequate, and the Nuflare production capacity is largely available to the United States, with about 30 production units per year, limited capacity, and aixtron is currently not fully integrated into the domestic supply chain due to equipment stability problems.
Substitution of national production has been achieved for single-inch carbonated silicon extension equipment (model 150a, with a capacity of 350-400 units).  Carbonated silicon liner + extended equipment double-wheel drive, opening the company ' s new growth curve: company 2017
Starting with the carbonated silicon layout, 6 inches of crystals and chip production have now been achieved, and some customers have been sampled and certified.
The 8-inch carbonated silicon crystals, leading the industry, have completed a 6- to 8-inch extension of the strategic cooperation agreement, superconducted magnetic field, and mass rotation, and 23-q2 will be produced in small batches. This 8-inch extension has been successful.
R & D has achieved the installation of crystal-spill power at the end of 8 inches of silicon-carbide + equipment end, further to the prospect of rapid release of the fifth generation of single-crystal furnaces.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystals, and the second curve is half.
A fifth generation of monocrystal furnaces, with many of the leading equipment dealers, maintains a “buy-in” rating. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Limited has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.