Strongly recommended (maintain) crystal-singer power (300316.sz): Crystal to be marketed, strong fossil-rocked edge.
Recently, the company considered and passed the Bill on Planning the Marketing of Holdings and agreed to plan for the Marketing of Holdings of Zhejiang Mi Jingxing and the Company will remain on the market.
The division of crystals helps to expand the company’s advantages in the field of core materials, such as quartz, and to generate positive feedback on the sale of long crystal equipment. The company takes a leading position in the industry through the new composition of crystals.
In 2017, a subsidiary was set up, and it began to make a presentation. As of April 11th, it had a large inch of rock, and it had a layout in semiconductor and photovoltaic grade, which would satisfy the customer's demand for different model-specific products. The company's quartz was especially high in bubble density.
Standard indicators such as product consistency have been recognized by downstream clients. Industry leads in quality and technical skills, and is now well advanced in semiconductor and photovoltaic areas. Companies have pre-positioned imports of lime sand to ensure smooth expansion.
The platinum is made of high-purity silicone sands, which are modeled using the high temperature of the arc method, which influences the growth of single crystals. The company produces platinum sands, which are mainly imported overseas, while purchasing high-quality platinum sands from the domestic sector. However, due to global resource constraints, they add up to half of the downstream.
In 2021, the company strategically stored a large quantity of crystals (300316.sz): equipment at lower prices in the industry.
The import of lime sand is expected to support the production of quartz in the next 2-3 years. As the construction and production of the Ningxia production base accelerates, the operation will start fast.
" [electronic] crystallizer power (300316.sz): the long crystals-sized rock-pessium project is officially operational (out of 160,000 planned in three phases). According to our report, " Long crystal furnace taps continue to be strengthened, material layouts create new growth points " , 1gw large size.
"[electronic] crystallizer power (300316.sz): Equipment, silicon annual production capacity will take about 2940-3360 silicons, company Ningxia crystal-size project, continued taps, and material layouts created new growth points.
The full landing is expected to support 14-17gw annual silicon capacity. With accelerated production, we expect that the silicon business will contribute $98.1690 million to the company in 23/24.
The intention to market new pieces of silver and silver is conducive to broadening financing for material operations and attracting high-quality talent. At the same time, promoting and ensuring customer productivity at the core fuel consumption end will also maintain a “strongly recommended” rating of the equipment end, based on the company’s high growth over the next few years.
Downstream demand has fallen short of expectations, industry patterns have deteriorated and new materials have not progressed as expected.