Transistor Power (300316.sz) 2022: Semiconductor crystallization power (300316.sz) high growth in body orders and equal revenue from material operations +273.6%
Profitability remains high, orders continue to increase, and time-costs are under control. The company has taken advantage of industry trends that have accelerated the process of domestication of semiconductor equipment, and has actively developed a photovoltaic industrial chain of innovation, a total Māori ratio of 39.6% in 2022, corresponding to a net interest rate of 0.08 pct.
The Division ' s uncompleted equipment contracts amounted to $25.4 billion (including taxes), compared to +26.4 per cent, of which the uncompleted semiconductor equipment contracts amounted to $3.4 billion (including taxes), compared to 20.9 per cent of the year, and the full stock of equipment orders was expected to support the Division ' s continued high-speed development.
Inter-cost rates are well controlled, research and development inputs are increasing, and net operating cash flows amount to 1,314 million yuan, or 24.35 per cent of the year, mainly due to higher reserve expenditure. Market validation and promotion are accelerating, and semiconductor equipment orders are growing at a faster rate than the same time.
With diversified product layouts and expansion of long-crystal equipment, the company has now achieved almost full coverage and bulk sales of 8-12-inch large silicon equipment, 6-inch carbonated silicon extension equipment for bulk sales and fast-growing orders for product quality at internationally advanced levels.
By the end of 2022, companies had failed to complete their equipment contracts totalling $22 billion (inclusive of the non-completed semiconductor equipment contracts).
The main drivers of photovoltaic equipment are the benefits of reducing non-silicon costs and increasing the demand for advanced production capacity. At the same time, companies are constantly innovating in the field of photovoltaic equipment to improve competitiveness: (i) adaptation to silicon silicon technology.
The company introduced a fifth generation of new monocrystal furnaces (expected to be marketed in 2023); (ii) photovoltage at the end of the pool developed piped equipment compatible with a wide variety of battery technologies; and at the end of the component, it developed stacks.
Welding machines, scalding machines, etc., hide behind supply and demand components; (iii) the company's large-scale quartz is at the forefront of the industry and is expected to expand this year's production capacity: (iv) the company's technological differentiation competition in the area of the diamond line has led to a technological breakthrough in differentiation.
The material sector continues to break down, with a projected future share of 40-50 per cent. (i) For silicon carbonated materials, the company has produced a leading 8-inch carbonated silicon crystal in 2023. The objective is to generate $5 billion (including taxes) from the sale of materials.
(ii) With respect to sapphire materials, the company has grown 700 kg-class sapphire crystals, achieved 300 kg-grade sapphire crystals and above, increased the sapphire material Maori rate from season to season, and will boost the capacity of its subsidiary Ningxia Changsheng project and continue to strengthen its advantages of scale.
The production of sapphire materials is expected to double by 2023. (iii) With regard to the fuel consumption, it is expected that the next three-quarters of the galactic machine (300316.sz) will be produced; and the schilling will grow faster than the sapphire, while the diamond line will grow rapidly.
The semiconductor orders are growing and the material plate continues to break through. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Master of Economics, London School of Political and Economics, 7 years in securities practice, formerly employed in Chinese securities, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2021. Best score for new wealth in 2016