Transistor power (300316.sz) Equipment + material platform layout entering the harvest period 78 per cent increase in comparison with 78 per cent increase in return for mother ' s net profit of $2.9 billion, 71 per cent increase in comparison with non-net profit
For $2.74 billion, an increase of 68 per cent in the same year; of that amount, $224 achieved an operating income of $3.2 billion, an increase of 61 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $900 million to the mother, an increase of 52 per cent in the same year, a non-net profit of 52 per cent, a rapid increase in material income, an over-anticipated order for semiconductor equipment, and a ratio of research and development costs.
The company ' s operating income from equipment and services in 2022 was $8.47 billion, an increase of the same amount.
2. "Acceleration of semiconductor equipment orders in hand " , a total of $25.4 billion, of which $3.39 billion was not contracted for semiconductor equipment, and $16 billion was signed throughout 2022. In 22 years, the company invested $800 million in research and development, an increase of 125 per cent.
Semiconductor silicon end equipment is covered and carbonated silicon expanses are growing rapidly. In the area of 8-12 inches of bulk silicon equipment, companies have developed long-crystal furnaces, rollers, cutters, cutters, cutters, grinders, thinners, polishers and extension equipment.
And the thinning equipment, extension equipment, lpcvd equipment that extends to the crystal circle and the wrapping end, has been fully covered with 8-12 inches of large silicon equipment. 6 inches of silicon extenuating equipment is sold in bulk and orders are growing rapidly, and product quality is internationally advanced.
The company has succeeded in growing 8 inch carbonated silicon crystals, resolving the problem of eight inch carbonated silicon crystals growing with an uneven temperature, cracking crystals, gas phase distribution of raw materials, building an 8 inch silicon lined research and development test line to speed up.
The process of development of large-scale silicon-lined materials. The company develops products such as composite sandstones, new-generation gold lines, and further upgrades them through joint innovative approaches with core waste materials, while continuing to enhance core competitiveness in the field of equipment, actively promotes fast operations in new materials.
Rapidly, it is hoped that by 2023, orders for new-sign battery and component equipment will exceed 3 billion yuan (including taxes), that sales of materials will exceed 5 billion yuan (including taxes) and that the total revenue will increase by more than 60 per cent year-on-year.
The capacity of photovoltaic silicon is expanding less than expected; research and development of new products is progressing less than expected.