2023q1 performance forecast: continued high performance, equipment Keyword: #second curve  continued high performance, q1 performance contribution predominantly equipment. 2023q1 achieved net return profit
Euros, 94% increase in the same year, and we expect that most of q1 performance will contribute to the equipment. Voster equipment: a new target of 3 billion dollars in 2023 for single-crystal base plate and battery assembly equipment. (1) Single-crystal furnaces: a future downstream silicon plant will be expanded to 100gw+, while silicon will drop.
The advantage of advanced post-price production capacity is sufficiently highlighted, as late production capacity will be phased out and the fifth generation of single-crystal furnaces will increase battery efficiency. (2) Battery and assembly equipment: a new target of $3 billion for 2023, pecvd equipment has been on the market, superstitious components have been deployed for many years and in accordance with customer requirements
The annual growth of silicon outreach equipment is considerable, with new products (two-inches silicon outreach equipment) released in February and new equipment will continue to be released around silicon carbonization; the advanced areas will be rolled out according to strategic planning; and the fourth generation of semiconductor material mpcvd will be completed in 2023.
The diamond crystals grow in the middle of a test line, mainly thallium and sapphire; the income target of 5 billion in 2023 is mainly thallium, sapphire, diamonds, diamond lines, silicon carbide.
The volume of cargo will continue to grow significantly, and the Ningxia base will continue to be a leader in the industry, with an active expansion of production.
Technically feasible, the theoretical difference between the costs of the two technologies is small, and Tungsten is the way forward. (3) Carbon silicon line: the company has grown 8 inches of crystals and 2023q2 will produce small batches. & Semiconductor, equipment & materials platform fabrics
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystals, the second curve is semiconductor devices, and the third curve is photovoltaic and semiconductor consumables. We, Crystal Electric (300316), 2022
Quick-impact evaluation: Performance meets expectations, desktop layout enters harvest period. Three financial projections for crystals engine power.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board