zhejiangjingsheng (300316ch) 1q23eprofitbeattextations; multibuy (maintain)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Cagrin2023e-24e.reiteratebuy.upcomingcatalystsinclude (1) thelaunch of the 5thgendercrystalgroveingfurnacein2q23e; (2) newwatersolCell&moduleequipment; and (3) spin-offofcrucilebusinessunit.
It's not like I'm going to be the only one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, the new productinmay. tclzhonghuan' slatestexpansionplanpositivetojsg.tcl zhonghuan (002129ch, nr) announcedlastweektitplastorense
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, it's just that I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Expectjsgwillwinthemajorityofequipmentorters.second, zhonghuan willspendrm10.7bntobuildasmartfactoryfortopconsolcell (annual capacy:25gw).giventhelong-standingcooperationbetweenzhonghuan
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Production capacitationofcrucilessesexpecpeciedtoincreasef15kunitsaf end-2022to >20kunitsin3q23e.jsgcurrentlytowns57.8%ofmeijing.owingscience&technology(011269ch, nr), majorpeerofmeijing,is
(bloomberg consensus). Course: factset assumptiononrealsandfasterequipmentdelivery; (2) highergross
I don't know, Margüetopricehikeofcrucibles.ournetprofitrevisionisthanthatrelatedreports of othervenueasourmiassimptionishiger (jstowns 57.8%ofcruccible)
zhejiangjingsheng (300316ch, buy) - raiseestimatstrong earlyssummary
zhejiangjingsheng (300316ch, buy)-2q22profit+1.4xoy earlynings&tponsolidmargin -
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Source: companydata, bloomberg, cmbigmestimates source: conpanydata, bloomberg, cmigmestimates ries (1) slowdowninsarpowercapex; 2) low-than-expected Grossmargin; (3)
I don't know what you're talking about, doclineincruccibleprice.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Orisser; and (2) nopartofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe, directlydirectordirected, relaidtothspefifectviewsextatanallypressed by report. besides, theanalystconfirstrhatneothertheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedthecodeofconduced by thehonkongsecurities)
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's.
It's not like I've been working on it, coveredinthisreport.
:stockisnotradedbycmbigm outperform mark-perform
: Industryexpectedtounderperformthetelevantbroadmarketbenchmarkovernext 12months underperform and internationalglobalmarketslitted
I don't know if I'm the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Oritsaffiliate(s) towhomitisdistried.thisreportisnotandsouldnotbeconstruedasanofforsolicitationtobuyorsellanysecurityornyinterestin securitiesorierintonytransactions.neithmignoranyofitsaffiliates, shareholds, agents, consuls, directors, officersoremployeshalbe lableforanyls, damageorexpensewhatsoever, whethretorconfential, incurredinrelyintinedinementist.anyone
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The company's industrious, the company's industrious, recipientsshouldbeouldwarathat and bigmmayhaveaconflictointerestatcoldaffect theobjectivityofthisreport and the coswillnotatassemonyspresibilizationspeculatedotherof.thisreportisfortheuseofuseofofindicatedsciencelyandthispublication, maynanotbereproduced, reprinated, sold, redidbutedorpublishedinwholeorinpartoforanypurposewofoutpriorwrittenconsentof and bigm.
I don't know what you're talking about, or (ii) archerosfallahingwithinarticle 49(a)to(d)("highnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
Idendedforistritionintheunisolelyto "majorusinstitutionalinvestors", asdefinedinture15a-6undertheus, securitiesexhangeactof 1934, asamended, andmaynotbefurnishedtoanotherpersonsintheunidatestates.eachmajorusinstitutionalinvestorvesivescopofthistireport byatsacceptanceherhereofrepresentsandagreathatitshotnottyrestiorprovidethistoantootherotherson.anyu.s.recipimentofthithisitoportworldviewactions.
effectanytransactiontobuyorsellsecuritiesbagontheinformationprovidedinthysportoulddosoonlythroughau.s.-registeredbroker-dealer.forcipientsofthisdocumentindicatingapore thisreportistribuddinginsaporebycmbi(singapore)pte.mited(cmbisg) (companyregn.no.20173128d), anexemptfinancialadvisersdefined
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
I don't know, and certainsact (cap.289) ofsingapore, and bisgacceptslegalressionforthecontentsotheporttosuchpersonlytotheextentrequiredbylaw.