Strategic co-operation agreement with Western Superconductor, superconducted magnetic field, 06/06/2023. 5-generation monocrystals are expected to be released quickly.
Keywords: #2nd Curve Event: 5 June 2023 Strategic Co-operation Agreement with West Superconduct.  Key wire material is provided in a stable supply that is conducive to the expansion of the crystal field & drop: this crystals engine power and the west
The model of strategic collaboration with superconductor is expected to buy West superconductor materials, crystal-spills, and electrical subsidiaries producing superconductive magnetic fields. In terms of the cost composition of the superconductor magnetic field, the superconductor material is the largest, about 50-60%, and the rest is frozen.
The engine, the container, is about 5-7%, and Finland’s luvata is the leader abroad, working together with the West Superconductor, is able to obtain a stable supply of enough line materials to expand the magnetic field’s capacity and reduce the production costs of the magnetic field.
The manufacturer, the superconductor magnetic field, has 200 +, and is committed to promoting the nationalization of the semiconductor superconductor magnetic field, with customers including first-line semiconductor silicon millers with a central ring leading. The penetration rate of the superconductor magnetic field single crystal furnace is expected to increase rapidly: crystals power was launched in May 2023.
Oxygen mono-crystal furnaces, equipped with superconductor magnetic fields to reduce oxygen content to 7 ppma, with an efficiency of 0.1-0.5 per cent; the company ' s fifth generation monocrystals have now entered into approximately 3,500 equipment orders, and it is expected that nearly 300 fifth generation monocrystals with superconductor magnetic fields will be deployed in 2023, or about 9 per cent.
We expect that, with the acceleration of hyperconducted magnetic field expansion, the price will gradually decline from 1.5 million stations to 100 years of superconducted magnetic field, the fifth generation single-crystal furnaces will account for 50 per cent of the cargo from the crystallized single-crystal furnaces and 100 per cent in 2025, and the new single-crystal furnaces will be a revolutionary new product in photovoltaic equipment.
"Crystal Power" (300316) : revolutionary push n silicon requiring improvement in quality, new round of technologically good equipment suppliers: n silicon contests out of the fifth generation of monocrystal furnaces, taps are sold out.
The competition has evolved from size size to low quality, and the state-of-the-art production of the state-of-the-art low-oxy monocrystal equipment is evident.
Attwig chose a high-valued, optimised thermal design that would reduce the oxygen content to 9 ppma to "Crystal Power" (300316), with a 0.1% + in 2023. We believe that the low-oxy monocrystal is in its early stages of development and would benefit the silicon silicon plants.
Quarterly spot reviews: fast release of materials, commercial readiness, with increased silicon specifications in the future, different technology routes are likely to match different client needs.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Photovoltaic equipment is the first curve in crystals, the second curve is semiconductor equipment, and the third curve is photovoltaic and semiconductor consumption. I figure 3: We expect the market space for low oxygen monocrystals to be over $20 billion by 2025.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC), it has the status of the Secretary of State for Portfolio Investment.