A strong recommendation (maintenance) that q1 performance increase on schedule and that growth dynamics remain strong
Companies will continue to benefit from downstream demand and the expansion of product lines in equipment operations. In the area of photovoltaic equipment, companies will continue to benefit from downstream expansion trends, downstream silicon rings.
The savings translate large-scale production into sustained growth of the company’s dynamic energy. At the same time, the company constantly expands the equipment matrix, from the long crystal and processing chain of silicon to the core of batteries and components, with the company’s target new signed battery and component equipment orders exceeding $3 billion in 2023.
The integrated layout of the end of the photovoltaic device will further consolidate the company’s advantage as the domestic pole of the photovoltaic long crystal equipment. In the area of semiconductor equipment, the company has achieved full coverage and bulk sale of large silicon 8 and 12 inches of equipment, while also developing and developing core equipment such as slices, polishing, cvd, etc.;
For 23 years, the company is expected to benefit fully from the increased capacity of sapphire materials and core consumption, and the revenue from material operations is expected to double. In the case of sapphire, the company actively promotes its subsidiary Ning Shao.
In the area of materials consumption, the company ' s 10,000 large-sized quartz project, one of which produces 48,000 large-sized quartz per year, is expected to generate a sustained increase in revenue over 23 years.
Production capacity is gradually released with sufficient deposits of lime sand, which is currently in short supply; in the area of gold and steel wire, the company has quickly certified by downstream customers that Zhejiang's first production was successfully put into production and is now being sold on a scale scale.
[electronic] crystallizer power (300316.sz): Crystals are validated by downstream segments of customers and have succeeded in growing the industry's leading 8-inch carbonated silicon crystals. [electronic] crystallizer power (300316.sz): Equipment
The company's equipment and materials are growing dynamically, and the core advantages at the end of the equipment are that they contribute to the development and advancement of the material business, and that the accelerated layout of the advanced material also results in the sale of the equipment.
“Very recommended” ratings are maintained based on the high growth of the company in the coming years. [electronic] crystals (300316.sz): The risk of deteriorating competitive patterns in the equipment industry; and the risk of less-than-expected acceleration of nitrogen-based aluminium production.
The company ' s 23q1 net profit of 890 million yuan, plus 100 per cent, plus 870 million yuan, plus 102 per cent, and the Māori rate of 40.61 per cent, plus 0.67 ptt. The company ' s business income target of 2023 increased by more than 60 per cent in the same year.
Thanks to the continued high growth in equipment operations and the acceleration in the volume of material operations, we measure that the 23-year revenue from corporate material operations is expected to rise to 30%, and that companies will continue to benefit from downstream demand and growing product lines in equipment operations. In the area of photovoltaic equipment, companies continue to benefit from downstream expansion trends, with downstream silicon links generating sustained growth in large-scale production.
The matrix, from the long crystals and processing of silicon, extends downstream to the core equipment of batteries and components, with a target of 3 billion yuan in 2023 for new battery sets and component equipment orders. The integrated layout at the end of the photovoltaic device will further consolidate the company's advantage as the lead in the domestic light crystal. In semiconductor equipment, the company has achieved full coverage and bulk sale of 8 and 12 inches of large silicon equipment, as well as slices, polishing, polishing, etc.
Core equipment such as cvd is being developed; the company’s 6-inch carbonated silicon extension equipment has reached an internationally advanced level, with fast-growing orders. The company is expected to benefit fully from the increased capacity of sapphire materials and core consumption materials over 23 years, and the volume of revenues from material operations is expected to double.
Sub-area layouts are expected to increase substantially over the next 23 years. In the area of consumables, the company’s large-scale quartz is available in the semiconductor and luminous fields, and the company has planned a total of 160,000 large-sized quartz enzyme projects for three periods, one of which produces 48,000 large-sized quartz enzymes per year, which are gradually released with the guaranteed capacity of sufficient quartz sand reserves and which are currently in short supply; in the area of gold and steel wires, the company has rapidly passed downstream customers.
The silicon-carbonated material chain, the company's currently 6 inches of silicon liner product, has been validated by some downstream customers and has succeeded in growing the industry's leading 8 inches of silicon carbide crystals.
Figure 5. Changes in corporate cost rates. The company's core strengths at the end of the equipment have contributed to the development and advancement of material business, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating based on the high growth of the company in the coming years.
Downstream demand is not as high as expected: the silicon chain is currently in a competitive phase of expansion, and if there is a large excess capacity in the short term and the build-up of manufacturers is halted in the short term, this may affect the realization of the firm’s hand orders, thereby affecting the company’s performance.
The density and share of the industry may have been affected. New materials are not doing as well as expected: silicon carbonide climbs are not as good as expected, and research and development on diamond lines and production capacity is not as good as expected.