Mountain Gold International: New Treasure of Gold, ready for distribution Certificate: s13205249001 Main Company for Precious Metals, Non-ferrous Metals and Metal Trade, which is now the leading gold in the country
The company’s operations are organized around the four existing mining sites in the country, where precious metal resources are developed as the core of its operations. (1) The Black River is a rare high-grade precious metal mine in the country, which has long been the company’s gold industry; (2) the Gilling Tablet gold mine is well run and its resources are better balanced; (3)
The Qinghai Great Zaydan mining area is the only one where the company can achieve open-air mining with a certain cost advantage, with significant ongoing exploration inputs, while two of the most recently available projects, namely, the Blue Dragon Trench ii, the iii Sector Expansion Project and the Crystal Trench Gold Relocation Project, are among the potential outputs of the two projects
Purchased in 2021, the resumption of work in mining areas and the approval of mining rights are continuing; (5) the company acquired the twinhills gold mine in Namibia in August 2024, the first attempt to expand its overseas operations; (6) the lead and zinc silver business revolves around the company-controlled Yuylong polymetal mine in Inner Mongolia
On the way, 1118 September, the search for the highlands was successfully completed, and future mineral production is expected to continue to increase. Corporate resource endowments are excellent, cost advantages are evident, and the prospects for development are high after the country's capital has entered.
It is expected that areas such as the fast-tracking process, investment mergers and acquisitions, and increased deposits of prospecting in existing mining areas will be better integrated, lower the cost of financing, and broaden the scale of financing and the potential for the injection of high-quality mining resources from groups. It is expected that possible future business expansion will be more focused overseas, drawing on shareholder funds and channels.
And the domestic market will expand around the perimeter of existing mines, while expansion may focus on small- and medium-sized mines. The company’s strategy for the coming years has set a clear path to development, and we judge that the company will be able to do more actively in the future.
The M&A expansion, the achievement of strategic goals, in addition to the credit and financial support generated by the shareholders in the country, is more important than the debt management, cost management, or short-term gold prices, which will be pressured in the medium to long term. The short-term, as a result of Trump’s election, will not change the trend.
Market concerns about the Fed's interest-reduction path are thus destabilizing the main logic of liquidity margins driving gold prices, while the current congested multiplicity of roads, with the possibility of a counter-trading after the election results have materialized, may be under pressure in the short term, but during the year the Fed's cut-off path is cleared.
In the medium term, concerns about reinflation will continue to be the main market line for “Trump Trading 2.0” while adding interest rates to the Fed's interest rate reduction, market liquidity margins, and gold with strong anti-inflation, risk-resistant, strong financial attributes, whose price hub is expected to go further.
In the long run, rising deficits in the US and global central bank purchases will provide sufficient support for long-term gold prices. Gold prices remain on the upwards trend in the medium and long term, and the gold stock valuation hub is expected to hold the line, covering the company for the first time, in the context of its future prospects, while buying it.
The company's main business is precious metals, non-ferrous metals, and metal trading. The core business is organized around the five main mines in the country owned by the Heilong River, the Black River gold mine, and Qinghai.
Tsaidan gold mine, Gilling Temple gold mine, Chinese gold mine in Yunnamang City, and Chinese lead zinc silver and silver polymetal mine, with a trading service based on trade in precious metals, non-ferrous metals and minerals - Hsien Hong, Shanghai, three main mineral products, four metal types of alloys (silver), lead powder (silver), zinc powder (silver), ore
In 2023, the company produced 7.01 tons of alloy, 6.28 tons in the first three quarters of 2024, and the annual production of mineral gold ranked first among the national gold companies listed in 2023.
The company has undergone a number of rotational cycles since its inception, and its evolution can be broadly divided into three main phases:
1999-2012, business exploration period: the company, formerly the Ujiang Water and Power Group, was founded in 1999 and its main business is hydroelectric power generation, which was listed in 2000 at the deep-seated site; in 2002, the main business was changed to urban utility management in Kaide, Guangzhou; in 2007, the Chinese investment in silver and Thai became formally a shareholder in the company and the main business began to go to minerals.
Transfers in the area of resource development. From 2013 to 2016, full entry into the non-ferrous resource development industry: in 2013, companies acquired the Mongolian Yulong mine, and the main business changed to the selection and sale of non-ferrous metals such as silver, lead and zinc, officially cutting into non-ferrous mineral resources
Exploitation industry; in 2016, the acquisition of the Canadian company Ellado Gold in the interior of the country, the Black Rock, Gilling, the Temples, the Qinghai Great Zaydan, and the gold business began to dominate the company.
Non-ferrous metals were selected, the core of the precious metal resource development business was established, part of the shares in Shanghai were purchased in the same year, adding metal trading plates; in 2019, the company was officially renamed Silver Thai gold; in 2021, the Chinese gold mine in Yunnan Man City was acquired, the existing five-large mining system was formalized, and the reserves of gold resources increased further; in 2023, Shandong, Shandong,
In July 2024, the name of the company was changed to Mountain International, and business development has entered a new phase with great prospects for the future.
In December 2022, the company controlled the transfer of shares, Shandong gold became a shareholder in the company, the firm changed the owner to Shandong, and the nature of the business was changed from a private to a state-owned enterprise. The subsequent trade in Shandong gold continued through Shenzhen securities.
The centralization of the deal has resulted in a number of increases in the company’s shares, which now hold 28.89 per cent of the company’s shares. 60 per cent of the Chinese mining stock in Yunnan Mang City holds an indirect 92.33 per cent of the Qinghai Zaydan mining stock through the Shanghai Shenji mining industry. 95 per cent of the Qilin temple mining stock, 100 per cent of the Heilong River’s Qihai-Hei River mining stock and a mineral trading company.
The structure of the company's board of directors has undergone a much larger change since the entry of state capital.
The Council is composed of nine directors, including six non-independent directors and four members with a controlling shareholder Shandong gold background, and is chaired by Mr Liu Chin, Deputy Chairman and General Manager of Shandong Gold Mining Co. Ltd., currently a member of the Party Committee of Shandong Gold Group Ltd.
The Vice-President and General Manager of Mines, the Vice-President and General Manager of Shandong Gold Mineral Resources Group, the Deputy General Manager of Shandong Gold Mining Company Limited, the President of the Overseas Mining Department and the Secretary of the Party Committee are the country's “1 million people” who are entitled to special government subsidies from the Council of State and have extensive experience in the management of mining companies. The remaining members of the Board of Directors have also served in Shandong for many years.
Gold or Mountain International is highly qualified, professional, and many of its members have experience with international mining companies, and have not been able to achieve the internationalization of management experience and concepts. In contrast to the board structure, the company’s former management is largely preserved and effectively fought.
The Managing Director is still Mr. Eunyuu, who has been Senior Manager of Exploration and Commerce in China, the Canadian company Elado Gold, Senior Engineer, Senior Engineer, Chief Engineer, Director of the Silver Thai Gold Company, since 2018.
Rei, the two Deputy Managing Directors, Mr. Guo Bin and Mr. Zhang Tianhai, have also remained in office, and management has been in the company ' s working system for many years, with a deep understanding of the existing mineral resource system and working model that effectively ensures smooth management of the company ' s business and smooth transition and successful implementation of its development strategy.
The system is expected to maintain a steady and continuous improvement in its business performance.
The company’s revenue structure continued to be optimized and its profitability significantly improved. The company’s business structure was similarly adjusted in 2023, when it achieved $8,106 million in operating income.
Gold is the main contributor to corporate revenue and Maori. The raw materials that companies need to produce are derived mainly from home-grown ores, minerals, and products are produced mainly in three products, covering four categories of metal, namely, alloys (old), lead powders (white) and zinc.
So, in the first half of 2024, the company's revenues came mainly from alloys, copper trade, tin-ton trade, silver in lead concentrates, and six months of record-high, at over 80%. Thus, the exploitation of gold minerals is an absolute part of the company's business.
At the core, benefiting from the strong trend in international gold prices in 2024, the company's gold business performed well, and in the first half of the year it was able to break down the company's collection structure, figure 8 and figure 9 and gold account for the absolute majority of the company's Māori structure.
2. Operational layout: gold coloured and two-wing gold: mining operations increased steadily, and overseas expansion began. Mountain Gold International ' s gold operations started in 2016 and are located in Canada through the acquisition of Elado Gold Company.
After years of development, the gold business became the absolute source of the company’s revenue and its contribution. Gold sales reached a new high of 6.51 tons over the same period.
Directly opposite smelters. The global gold market experienced a new period of strong and rapid growth during the reporting period, driven by factors such as central bank purchases, high institutional investment enthusiasm, continuing demand for retail consumption, and the need for geopolitical risk avoidance. International gold prices have risen to record high levels, according to World Gold Association statistics, and by mid-year, international yellow prices have been rising.
Gold prices have risen by more than 12% since the beginning of the reporting period. The company’s gold business continued its rapid growth in 2024, with a further high level of performance, against the backdrop of a significant upturn in gold prices during the reporting period and the company’s own increase in mineral gold sales.
The company now operates around four of the country’s four major active mines. The company now owns four of the country’s main mines, the gold mines, three of which are in production, namely the Jilin Temple, the Black River Rock of the Heilong River and Qinghai.
Zaydan, the Yunnan Hua Gold Mine, acquired in 2021, is currently in a state of temporary shutdown. The precious metal mines under the company’s flag are large and of high taste. As of 2023, the company’s holdings + controls + presumably gold resources totalled 45536,000 tons, with a confirmed gold stock of 81,877,000 tons and a credible gold reserve of 13,532, with a total reserves of 2,177,000.
Tons, with an average gold taste of 3.62 g/t in mineral reserves. A total of 5 mining rights, 10 mining exploration rights and 131.85 km2 of prospecting covered by prospecting rights are held by 4 precious metal mining enterprises. The area of the Great Chaidan mine in Qinghai is located in Qinghai.
Heroque has one right to mining, one right to prospecting, and one right to mining in Huameng, Yunnan Mang City. The Black River region has seen a reduction in output, but the Qinghai Great Zaydan region is growing rapidly and is expected to become a profitable contributor to the company’s gold business in 2024.
But the taste of gold in mining areas has declined in recent years, owing to the longer years of mining and the limited reserves remaining, and the share of net profits in companies has also declined, with a total of 2.16 tons of mineral gold produced in 2023, down to a certain degree from 2022.
With the only open-air mining in the gold mines, gold costs are lowest: 3.05 tons of mineral gold produced in 2023, a significant increase of 47.34 per cent over 2022, and the share of net profits on the company’s gold business increased to 36.14 per cent, with the completion of the exploration work for the well-drawled areas, it is expected that the Black River mining area will be replaced in the future as a major contributor to the company’s gold business profits.
The production of gold from the Partheno mine has been more stable, maintaining a better balance of exploration and a stable share of net profits for the company 2.1.1 Heilong River Black: a rare high-grade precious metal mine in the country, and the Black River Rock mine, located in Sunk County, Heilongjiang Province, under the flag of Canada's Ellado Mining Corporation.
In 2016, it became a fully-owned subsidiary of silver and Thai gold through a trading and company development system; in September 2017 it was put into production, and the production model was dominated by open-air mining: from 2018 onwards it gradually shifted to underground mining: in 2019, the company started phase II of the mining area, which was completed in May 2020, and the mineral extraction capacity was raised from 450 tons/day to 1250 tons/day 2020;
In December of that year, the mine was granted a new mining licence from the natural resources department of Heilongjiang Province, increasing the size of the mining area from 14,850,000 tonnes/year to 375,000 tonnes/year; in March 2023, the mining area was granted the right to conduct detailed prospecting on the outskirts of the mine deposits No. 5 and is intended to achieve a continuation of the mineral resources.
Smelting, the main product of which is silver alloy, the gold-producing mineral is the highest in the country. Mining rights in mining areas, which are located in the northern part of the Black River’s small boom-and-along zone, are at the highest levels in the country, albeit on a limited scale, while mineral resources are less developed because of the ease with which the mineral is buried.
Mineral gold production rose from year to year, reaching a peak of 2.98 tons in 2022, and mineral gold production in 2023 fell to a certain degree, with a total annual production of 2.16 tons, an increase of 27,52 per cent.
Figure 15 Slowed net profit growth in mining areas (millions of dollars) Figure 16: In the past few years, other major-producing mines led by the Black River Galactic Corporation showed a certain decline in mineral gold production in the Black River region in 172023 (tons)
The continuation of the remaining resources, which are currently a major problem for the Black River mining region, is also the main reason why the region has been able to slip under profitable conditions for the last two years. The Black River mining area is a rare high-grade mine in the country, but its body taste is particularly poor and poor.
This is followed by a decline in the taste of the resources associated with the expansion of the extractive industries, but the 2023 selection still stands at 5.06 g/t and remains at the highest level in the country's gold mines. After years of mining, the resources of the main province of the Black River mine, the East An mine, faced a continuing crisis, with 10,622 tons of mineral resources in 2022, compared to 2019.
There has been a 45.6 per cent reduction, which has led to a decline in gold production and profitability in the Black River region since 2023, and a gradual decline in the taste of mineral gold in the Black River region since 1820 (g/tonne) and a more serious resource continuity problem in the region in 192022 (tonnes)
In March 2023, in order to address the problem of resource continuity, the company was given detailed powers to explore the outer edge of the Orient Rock gold deposits No. 5 in the Senk County, formerly owned by the Seventh Geological Survey Institute of Heilongjiang Province, which are located in the company's existing mining area, the outer edge of the Orient gold mine, in the same order as the Orient gold mine.
The mineral belt. According to the assessment of the Heilongjiang Province Mining Federation, as of 2021, all ores in the prospecting area amounted to 11.47 million tons, of which 3949 kg of gold metal, 3.4 g/t averaged silver metal, 23359 g averaged silver metal, and 63 g/t average.
2.1.2 The Jillin Tablet Temple: the mining area is well run and the exploration work has been very effective
The gold is sold to Erdoğan in 2010 and incorporated into the public gold production system in 2016. Silver and Thai gold currently holds 95% of the shares of the company through its subsidiary Shanghai Shenwe Mining, with the remaining 5% held by the National Finance Committee of Jilin.
The district has completed an annual capacity-building project of 800,000 tons, which is currently an important component of the Silver-Thai gold domestic resource system.
The earth's ruins, Red Rock's Mansions, Plate Temples.
To the ditch, to the kitchen, to the temple.
Tianjin City, Otokawa, the head of the gold factory.
Little Willow River, Leather Trench, White Hills.
After 2022, mining performance resumed to increase. After the completion of the expansion project in 2020, the annual ore disposal volume of the mine was more affected by the new crown epidemic, and the harvest and net profits of the mine fell, with the resumption of production operations in 2023.
Normal, both of which have returned to growth. Driven by the upturn in international gold prices in 2024, the first half of the year saw a rise in mining revenues and net profits, resulting in revenues of $602 million in recent years, an increase of 30.93 per cent in the same year, and a more stable production of mineral gold (tons) in the 22 temple mines.
The company’s core asset is gold mining rights in the gold-mining area, and the subsequent increase in the deposits of prospecting also revolves around the area. Since the launch, the mining area has actively promoted production exploration.
Work, with a better balance of exploration, continued stability of resource retention, with 5.405 million tons of mineral resources in 2022, and good sustainable production capacity, despite declining taste in the gold from the mining industry as a result of year-on-year advances. In 2023, the slate gullies on the edge of the gold and gold mines in the mining area made a breakthrough in their search for mines, with the eastern slopes rising.
Existing industrial deposits, with an initial estimate of 571,000 tons of ore, 1.732 tons of gold and metals, with an average taste of 3.03 g/ long 21.26%. In November of the same year, in order to continue further work on mineral resources exploration in gold and gold mines and their peripherals, the company signed a project with the Geological Survey Institute of Jilin University on “Geological mining patterns and predictions of mineral exploitation in gold and gold deposits”
The cooperation agreement, a combination of production studies, provides human and research support for the sustainable development of the mines. Since the beginning of the year, figure 252022 shows a decline in the taste of mineral gold in the mines (g/tonne) and figure 24 shows a relatively stable level of resource retention in the temple mines (tonnes)
Table 4 Information on the right to mining and prospecting of the Jilin Plateau, 2.1.3 Qinghai Big Chaidan: production and exploration are progressing in parallel, and there is a large area of future growth.
The company was founded with China Mining Australia; corporate control was transferred to Ellado Mining Canada in 2005; and the company ' s domestic gold supply system was incorporated into a deal in 2016. Silver and Thai gold currently holds 92.33% of the company ' s shares through its subsidiary Shanghai Seinwe Minerals, with the remaining shares being held by the National Assets Investment Operators of the Board of Grand Quetta and others.
Qinghai Province's 1st Geological Survey. The Qinghai Great Chaidan mining site is currently the backbone of the company's precious metal business, with a reserve of almost 10 million tons of gold ore resources, the only silver-thai gold that can be mined in the mines at present, with a certain cost advantage, the company's capacity to dispose of 800,000 tons of ore annually, and the annual alloy is stable at 2.5-3 tons left.
Figure 26 The open-air gold mining process in the Qinghai Great Zaydan mining area. Figure 27 The Qinghai Great Zaydan mining company has a renewed and innovative equity structure and continued to grow profitability. The Qinghai Great Zaydan mining area is the backbone of the company's gold production.
Hills, where the size of the mine selection has remained high since 2020, with a mineral extraction of 84.17 million tons in 2023 and a mineral gold production of 46.75 per cent, with the first anti-Governance river mining company now number one in the production area.
Figure 292023 Significant increase in mineral gold production in mining areas (tons) Figure 302023 Re-innovation of mine performance high (millions) Figure 31 steady growth in net interest rates in mining areas
The Qinghai Great Zaydan mine is located on the beach in Qinghai Province, where the main focus is on the non-ferrous metals of precious mountain metals, and where the mining conditions are superior. It revolves around the company's existing mining rights: the beach mountains, the Blue Dragon Trenchs, many of the surroundings, seeing anomalies, and the potential for finding a mine. Based on natural resource endowments, the company is actively investing in exploration funds to expand the mine area.
The resource reserves, which in 2023 invested $439.12 million in exploration funds, are ahead of the two remaining mineral-producing mineral prospecting inputs. Sustained investment has allowed mineral gold to be selected with a stable taste, without a gradual decline in the consumption of mineral resources, while mineral resource retention has continued to increase and the exploration balance has been effectively achieved, with mineral resource retention reaching 1684.9 in 2023.
Ten thousand tons, an increase of 2.9 percentage points over 2022, are now 37 per cent of MCI ' s total reserves in gold reserves in mining areas, and the company ranks first in all of the mines produced.
Figure 33 Steady rise in mineral gold intake (g/tonne) in the Great Zaydan mining area. Figure 34 Sustained increase in resource retention (tonnes) in the Great Zaydan mining area. Figure 35 Share of gold resources in the five existing mining areas
There are currently two mining rights, seven prospecting rights, and the existing mining works are structured around two main mining rights: the Blue Dragon Trench and the Beach Hills. Of these, the total value of gold mining in the Blue Dragon Trench is 400,000 tonnes/year, the size of gold mining in the Beach Hills is 600,000 tonnes/year, and the current shallow resources are largely exploited, and prospecting in the mining areas is being produced as a further step.
There are smelting plants in inter-basin mines, with a size of 800,000 tons/year, the extraction of ores in two major mining areas and their disposal at the interbasin gold smelting plant, and the transportation of 25 m of direct distance from the smelting plant in the Blue Dragon Trench area.
Mining areas are under way, while two of the most recent landing projects are under way, namely, the Blue Dragon Trench ii, the iii mine expansion project and the crystallization of prospecting rights in the Great Zaydan region of the Blue Sea, the consolidation of information on mining rights Assessment of prospecting rights in the Great Zaydan Gold Trench Survey in Qinghai Province, the Environmental Impact Report for the Trench Gold Mining Project, the Ministry of Natural Resources' Right to Mining and Information on the Registration of the Right to Prospecting, the Federal Reserve Securities Institute,3
The Blue Dragon Trench mining area is located in the northern part of the entire Great Zaydan mining area. The original mining area is divided into four segments, each forming a separate mining unit, from the north to the south, in the northern part of the Blue Dragon Trench, in the southern part of the Blue Dragon Trench, in the open 323, in the open 323 (south) and in the early years, where the last resource is mined, mining activities are over, and the lower resource is proposed to be mined underground, and is currently under way.
Work on the prospecting ramp and on the prospecting alley; prospecting work is currently under way in the southern mining sector of the mining area, with no mining activity, followed by proposed underground mining; 323 open-air mining areas are closed, so the current main mining area is the 323 open-air (south) segment, which allows open-air mining, with an average resource taste of 7.21q/t compared to the remaining mining units
ii. iii. mine belts are included in mining, with new blood injected into old mines. ii. iii. The newly expanded mine ii and iii are located in the Golden Dragon Trench gold mine within the exploration rights, in close proximity to the Blue Dragon Trench gold mining area, with an ore resource of 1.6703 million tons and gold in 2020.
7.22 tons of metals with an average thickness of 5.64 m, ores with an average taste of 4.63 g/t, mining rights in the Blue Dragon Trench gold mine (expanding the mine area) that were visited by the Ministry of Natural Resources in late 2023, with new mining rights covering the Golden Dragon Trench ii and iii belts. The addition of the new belts will increase the resource stock in the mine area, further improving the continuity of resource development, and the mine has not been developed.
It is expected that a system will be developed for the co-mining of five mineral segments, with the total size to be raised from the original 400,000 to 600,000 tons/year. As of June 2023, the main prospecting works had been formed and work on the first phase of the underground slopes had been completed.
Figure 37 Blue Dragon Trench gold mines and extension of their distribution.
Green Dragon Trench mining rights, Golden Dragon Trench gold mines, all shapes.
Table 6 Summary of the main information on the four existing mining areas of the Blue Dragon Trench gold mining area and the expansion of the mining sector
There has been a steady increase in the gold mining of the fine crystal ditches. The mine is also located in the town of Tsaidan, Qinghai Province, and a new application for mining rights was submitted in December of the current year.20 According to the Qinghai Province ' s 2022 report on the detailed survey of the gold deposits in the town of Tsaiyan, Qinghai Province, the mining area is open-air industrial mining control is combined with extrapolated ore resources
178.43 million tons of gold and metal, an average taste of 5.32 g/t. The mine plan was preceded by open-air mining, followed by underground mining with 600,000 tonnes/year of open-air mining, 50,000 tonnes/year of underground mining and six years of total service, 5 years of open-air and 1 year of underground mining.
According to the construction cycle of the mines, the construction project in 2025 is expected to be completed, and the scale of the gold medals in 2026 is expected to be completed.
Contribution of additional ore. The establishment of a fine-treasuries gold mining area will increase the number of mining sites in the Great Zaydan to three, and further substantial increases in future corporate gold deposits and production are expected.
Figure 38 Geographical location and traffic map of the Crystal Trench project Summary of resource reserves in the Trench Area in Table 7 (tons, grams/tons)
Yunnan Mang City gold mines are located in the Dhongyu-Changpo Autonomous Region, Yunnan Province, 829 km from Kunming City, and the company’s core assets are its ownership of Mang City gold mining rights. The mining rights were established in September 1995 and acquired by the company in 1999 and are open-air mining, with a surface area of 0.43 square kilometres and a production size of 20,000 tons/
Year: 2009 production scale increased to 50,000 tonnes/year; 2014 scale increased to 100,000 tonnes/year; 2016 mine production forced to stop due to shareholder funding; 2021, silver and Thai gold acquired 60% of the Mang City Chinese gold mine with 1,037 million yuan, with the remaining 40% still held by the original owner, Mr. Zhang Hui.
Independent technical report on the gold mining project in Man City, Province, on the total ore resources in mining areas of 23,225,000 tons, gold metal volume of 70.67 tons, average taste of 3.04 g/t, containing control of mineral resources of 16,275,000 tons, gold metal volume of 50.62 tons, average grade of 3.11 g/t; extrapolation of mineral resources of 6.95 million tons, gold metal volume of 20.05 tons, average taste of 2.89 g/t
Once the deal has been completed, the company can rely on financial advantages and a pool of manpower and management experience in mining operations to help the Man City gold mine to restart and optimize its construction as soon as possible, while planning to increase production to 1.2 million tonnes/year. The integration of the Chinese gold mine will also further enrich the organization of the company’s domestic gold resource development, and expand the company’s assets.
At present, the rehabilitation of mines and the approval of the 1.2 million tons/year Man City gold mining project are continuing.
2.1.5 Namibia twinhills: The first attempt to expand operations overseas. On 26 February 2024, the company announced its intention to purchase, in cash terms, an equity interest of approximately $368 million at a price of $1.90 per share through the wholly-owned subsidiary Henan Seinji trading.
Canadian dollars, the core asset of the target company, is the twinhills gold mine in Namibia. The gold mine is located in central Namibiya, 150 km from the capital, Windhoek, and the mining rights were acquired in March 2023. According to the latest published report by Osino, the total ore reserves for the gold ore project are 64.5 million tons, and the metal volume is 66.86 tons, with an average taste.
For the lower, about 1.04 g/t, the company also has prospecting rights for the project ' s Northwest 130 company, and the projected disposal of the mine area has been fully completed. The project was the first attempt by Mountain International ' s overseas mine acquisition to expand the fabric beyond the existing domestic mine system.
By acquiring Osino, the company ' s additional gold resources amounting to 127.2 tons, it has achieved the strategic objective of fast-tracking the availability of superior resources, increasing the reserves of gold resources and enhancing the company ' s core competitiveness, i.e., its sustainability, in the context of the relatively limited remaining unexploited resources of precious metals in the country, to ensure the continuity and sustainability of the company ' s resources.
The upgrading of the industry is significant. 2.2 Lead and zinc silver: plant upgrades, exploration work completed, future incremental quantities of the company ' s lead and zinc silver plate are mainly done through the Mongolian Yulong Mining Company, the company ' s core assets are located.
The mine is located in the town of Saijumu, Central Mongolia, where construction began in 2002 and was incorporated into Mountain Gold International in 2012, the first non-ferrous metal mine to be acquired by Mountain Gold International, the main product of which is silver, lead ore powder, and silver ore ore ore powder.
Held by Inner Mongolia ' s tenth geological mineral exploration and development company and the Inner Mongolia Mining Group, the Yulong Mining Company, which currently has three mining rights and five prospecting rights (four of which are disclosed in the annual report in detail), is one of the largest mineral and silver monolithic mines in the country, with a combined ore resource of 70,871,000 tons and silver metal of 7856.9 tons.
Tonne, 61.37 million tons of lead metal and 12,836,000 tons of zinc metal; three mining rights: 30,490 tons of combined ore resources retained in the silver and silver lead deposits, 4593.46 tons of silver metals, 459.3 million tons of lead and 64.39 million tons of zinc metals; and in September 2024, 1118 tons of lead and zinc mineral prospecting rights were completed, mining
Right is known as the silver polymetallic mine in the Bayan Wendow area, with 36.18 million tons of ore resources, 3026 tons of silver metal, 23.23 million tons of lead metal and 6083 million tons of zinc metal.
In figure 40, Mongolia’s mining stock structure is summarized in table 10, Summary of the resource levels of the main mining areas of the Yulong mine.
Underground mining led to the construction of two mining plants, which, since 2021, were built to deal with obsolete, low automation and low production indicators, the company ' s entire 1,400-tonne/day mining plant was completed in July 2022; the processing capacity was upgraded to 3,000-t/day in September, while the mining area was mined.
There is another 2,000 tons/day plant, which raises the amount of postnatal ore treatment to 5,000 tons/day. The year 2022 saw a significant increase in ore disposal in the mine area as a result of the increased capacity, but the first half of 2022 was still limited to the winter Olympics, which affected the production schedule, and after the full start of the work in 2023, the mineral selection was further up to date, year-round.
The disposal of 1,857 million tons of ore, an increase of 7.93 per cent over the same period, accompanied by an increase in the length of the mine ' s service, increased the difficulty of mining in the mine and a decline in the production of lead zinc concentrate and mineral silver in recent years. In the first half of 2024, the amount of lead zinc concentrate in the mine was 5063.33 tons, 5618.67 tons and the production of mineral silver was 5063.33 tons, respectively.
Figure 43 Decline in the volume of lead zinc concentrate (tons) Figure 42 Sustained increase in the disposal of ore in the Yuyu region (tonnes) Figure 44 Decline in the volume of lead zinc concentrate (tonnes)
Figure 45 Production of minerals and silver in the first half of the year was below the same level in 2023 (tons) and figure 46,2024 recorded a flat level of revenue (in thousands) from mining areas in the first half of the year. In order to address the problem of resource continuity, exploration inputs from mining areas have continued and a breakthrough has been achieved in the production of phased additional prospecting,
In September, mining was completed. The Yulong mining area is located in the non-ferrous metal belts of the Great Eing-Ann River and in the north of China's northern area, with the mineral belts containing abundant non-ferrous metal resources, non-ferrous metals such as silver, copper, lead, zinc, gold and other non-ferrous metals, and mining conditions in large mining areas such as precious metals, with great potential for mining and prospects for exploration. In 2023, the company undertook a cost mapping exercise.
Reinvested $28.65 million, capitalized exploration $9.18 million, and new surges were realized in the prospecting enhancement of the outer mine rights. A total of 178 deposits were discovered in the 1118 highlands of the mine area, and the re-profiling project was successfully carried out in 2023, bringing the amount of mineral resources to 3,65.18 million tons, an increase of 75.65 per cent before the re-dealing and the major non-ferrous species of metals such as silver, lead and zinc.
In September 2024, 1118 highland explorations were successfully completed, covering an area of 3.4821 square kilometres, with mineable species including silver, zinc, copper, and lead, which are expected to be mined underground, with a production model of 990,000 tonnes/year.
The completion of the work augurs well for a significant increase in the production of relevant species of non-ferrous minerals in the mining area, and for a further increase in profitability: the important contribution of corporate revenue.
Trade in metals such as silver, copper, tin, aluminium, zinc, and the rational use of financial derivatives such as futures, options, and exchange rates to increase profits from corporate trading. Metal trading plates mainly contribute to corporate revenue, but the Māori rate is low, so 23.44% of them, with copper, tin and silver trading being the main contributors, amounting to $2.143 billion, respectively.
820 million yuan and 548 million yuan.
Figure 51 Synchronized reduction in the size of the metal trade plate (millions of dollars) 3. Competitive advantage: low cost + quality resources, acceleration of capital growth in mountain capital owners 3.1 and new stages of corporate development
On 9 December 2022, the company ' s original owner, Mr. Shen, and the owner of the company, China Silver Thai Investments Ltd., signed an Agreement on Transfer of Shares with Shandong Gold Mining Co. Ltd., which transferred 20.93 per cent of the total holdings to Shandong Gold; on 19 January 2023, the transfer of shares was completed and Shandong Gold became the company ' s holding.
In the east, the firm’s realist changed to the Shandong State Finance Committee. The total share transfer price was $12.76 billion, creating a record of mergers and acquisitions by publicly listed gold mining companies in the country in recent years.
In 2023, the company had a resource holdings of 1431.3 tons and an annual mineral gold production of 41.78 tons, which is second only to the purple gold mining industry, which represents 14.06 per cent of the total production of the country ' s mining companies. The company produced more than 1 ton of gold a year, of which 35.34 tons were produced in the country, the largest gold producer in the country.
After the acquisition of power, SCI can both retain the flexibility of the original private system, be highly sensitive to the market environment, and draw on the advances of State-owned enterprises, drawing on the strengths of the shareholders in the areas of resources, assets and credit, and combine to achieve the effects of 1+1>2 and provide sufficient room for imagination for the future development of SCI.
Figure 522023 Gross domestic gold resource holdings (tons) Figure 532023 Annual gold production (kg) by major domestic gold companies
First, with the influence of state-owned shareholders, the process of prospecting for existing mining areas has been accelerated. The company's existing mining rights have entered the critical phase of the filing process, including the exploration of the Oklong mining area 1118 project, the processing of gold deposits in the Qinghai region, the processing of mining rights in the Qinghai region, the review of the scale of gold production in Yunnanhua, etc., have become State-owned.
After the stockholding, with shareholder support and endorsement, the approval process is expected to accelerate, and there is hope for deeper cooperation in the areas of investment mergers and acquisitions, prospecting and storage, drawing on shareholder skills and experience. The company, which was a private enterprise, is limited to the size of the company, and in recent years there have been relatively limited attempts at mergers and acquisitions.
As industry leaders, with clear industrial excellence in terms of pool of talent, technology accumulation, project experience, etc., and as future work progresses, Yamagi International can work with shareholders to better empower companies.
Granted, and as the leader of the gold industry, Shandong Gold is supported by a variety of government-level policies, sources of finance, etc., and the subsidiary Shandong Gold is listed in a share, h shares, financing channels are open, and future MFI financing needs in many areas, such as mining mergers and acquisitions, debt repayments, etc.
Potential group high-quality mineral resources are injected to enhance the company’s core competitiveness. In the buyout announcement, Shandong gold states that the Shandong gold conglomerate is responsible for maintaining the stability of its current production and operation.
Injecting high-quality non-ferrous sheet assets under the flag to silver and Thai gold if the quality of the assets conforms to the relevant requirements of the SEC, while, according to the announcement of 10 November 2022 from Shandong gold, the group includes the Qing Haishan gold mining, Tianxing mining, Hainan gold mining, Shandong mining, Shandong and Tianjing.
Gold business assets such as mining and the Tandong Gold Initiative have yet to be injected into Shandong gold, there is a possibility of injection into the international market platform, and some mining areas are close to existing mining sites of companies, which, if injected into the company in the future, will effectively increase the stock of corporate resources and enhance core competitiveness.
At the product level, the gold from Shandong is a gold bar for the standard sodium and various specifications, while the main products of Shandong International are alloys (silver and silver) and silver lead.
The company ' s main products, such as minerals and zinc concentrates, require further refining to become standard gold, which is essentially the upstream product of standard gold products in Shandong gold; at the marketing model level, the main customer of Shandong gold is the Shanghai Gold Exchange, while the main customer of Mountain Gold International is the downstream gold smelter, whose clients are located in different industrial chains and whose customers differ considerably;
With regard to mineral rights, based on information on mining rights currently available between the two sides, namely, the right to prospecting, there is no cross-covering of the area covered by the right to gold and the right to mine by the International Mine in Shandong, which is the traditional leader of the domestic gold resource development industry and has a more visible geographical distribution of its resources.
In contrast to Shandong Province’s state capital holding identity, and in combination with rich gold resources in the province, the distribution of resources in Shandong Gold State is concentrated mainly in Shandong I Province, with relatively limited external resources. In 2023, all company-owned gold from the Kao family mine produced 9.38 tons of gold per year, the country’s first-largest gold-producing mountain, three mountain islands of gold, the New Town gold mine, and the overseas Bella.
In contrast to the average annual production of more than 5 tons of dero gold, the company's major gold deposits and high gold production, which underpin the company's gold industry, table 14 provides a summary of the gold-owning basics of the company's gold industry, the International Fund for Mountain Gold has a relatively fragmented distribution of resources due to its original corporate size and private status.
Minerals are small and beautiful. Gold International’s existing domestic mineral resources are located in the north-east, the north-west and the south-west, respectively, and are widely distributed. The size of the mines is relatively limited, but their resources are generally of higher taste, compounding the old private system, flexible, market-sensitive, cost-controlled and profitable.
As a result of this acquisition, Shandong Gold has expanded its resource reserves, filled out its original resource blind areas, and, against the background of the country’s very limited availability of unexploited, high-quality gold resources, is of great importance for the company’s future development. For Mountain International, in addition to operating the existing mine, we believe that it could expand its operations.
The direction will be more focused overseas, with shareholder funding and access to support, to accelerate overseas mining mergers and acquisitions, and to actively pursue the “go-out” strategy proposed in 2021. Domestic markets will expand around existing mines, while expansion may focus on small- and medium-sized mines.
3.2 A clear strategic objective is to demonstrate corporate development ambitions. By the end of 2023, the company set a clear development path to strategic planning for the coming years: two-year planning target: gold production from the mine at the end of the 14th century increased to 12 tons, and gold resources and reserves reached 240 tons.
Three-year planning target: 15 tons of mineral gold production by the end of 2026, 300 tons of gold resources and reserves; five-year planning target: 22 tons of mineral gold production by the end of 2028, 500 tons of gold resources and reserves; seven-year planning target: 28 tons of mineral gold production by the end of May, 600 tons of gold resources and reserves
Figure 55 Planning target for mineral gold production (tons) Figure 54 Strategic planning target for gold reserves (tons)
Based on the distribution of existing mines and their surroundings, there is an active effort to increase the deposits of prospecting, while promoting the exploration of identified resources. This includes the exploration of the 1118 Highlands of the Yulong Mine, the continuation of the resources of the eastern Anjin Mine in the Black River, the Great Zaydan Trench ii, the iii Mine Extension Project and the trans-shipment of the Crystal Trench.
In the light of the current process, the exploration of the Qinghai Great Zaytan mine has been completed, the underground works have been partially completed, and output growth is expected in 2025, with the remainder of the work to be further tracked. According to the company’s strategic plan, the life cycle is likely to increase in the short term.
With limited space, it will be more likely that the expansion will continue to depend primarily on the outside route, taking into account the path of mature mining enterprise development at home and abroad. The future expansion of companies is expected to accelerate significantly with the entry of national capital, on the one hand by the integration and acquisition of mineral resources that can be invested in the north-east and south-west, and, on the other hand, by the deployment of overseas markets, by means of the winding-up of mineral resources in the south-west.
Mergers and acquisitions of key overseas mineral resources have expanded. 3.3 Resource endowments are excellent, cost-control industries lead, and we judge the company's ability to expand M&As more actively in the future, except for the credit generated by state-owned shareholders.
Beyond the financial support, it is more important to come from the debt management, cost management, and profitability of companies that outperform themselves than other companies in the industry. Companies operate soundly in the long run, their financial structure is healthy, and there is ample scope for expansion.
In 2023, the corporate asset liability rate was 17.98 per cent, and the financial capacity of the company was excellent and there was relatively sufficient cash flow. The company had a steady cash flow and the net cash flow of its operations had remained stable at over $2 billion since 2021. As a result of a steady and continuous cash inflow, the company had a cash surplus at the end of the period.
In the third quarter of 2024, it was equal to 2.53, significantly better than other companies in the industry. A healthy financial structure and a stronger solvency gave companies ample scope for future expansion of resources.
Figure 59 The turnover ratio of companies compared to other companies in the industry leads the profit-making industry. Driven by successive spikes in gold prices, at the same time removed from the pressure on companies at the cost of rising raw materials, corporate profitability rose significantly in 2023, with a sales rate of 32.05%, up from 2022.
Both Māori sales rates and net interest rates fell by 25.92 per cent and 15.89 per cent, respectively, as a result of an increase in the share of the trade plate. Other mining companies in the comparable industry, where corporate profitability is at the forefront, sell Māori sales and net interest rates are only slightly below the level of the Apocalypse gold.
The Māori sales rate for companies in figure 60 is at the top level of the industry (%) and the net interest rate for companies in figure 61 is ahead of the industry (%) The company is able to achieve profitability at the top of the industry for the following reasons:
First, there is a stronger cost-control capability. In 2023, the cost rate was 4.69%, further down to 2.8% in the third quarter of 2024, which was historically low, mainly due to optimized management costs, and in one quarter, the ability to generate income per capita.
Less than industry headlines, but the industry leads the income-generating level per employee of the company, and the cost during the sale of company figure 62 in 2023 is lower in the industry (%) than in the lead industry (%) in the return on manpower input of company figure 63
The company is able to maintain the level of profitability of the industry’s head, most notably on a year-to-year upward trend, but still ahead of the rest of the industry’s head. It is able to achieve low-cost, high-profit benefits, on the one hand, from the company’s higher resource utilization and advanced production management models, and, on the other hand,
The size and size of the mine, subject to the company’s original size, lag behind the industry’s headlines, but the average taste of the company’s main mine is higher. Black Rock tastes 5.9 g/t, Qinghai Qinghai 4.71 g/t, Jilin Temple 4.03 g/t.
Average levels, low mining difficulties and low later smelting costs have enabled companies to form a very high cost advantage and, in the current context of volatile mineral prices, to maintain a stable corporate performance with a stronger wind, with the company ' s gram cost below the industry average ($/g)
Figure 65 Price fluctuations in the three main mining options (g/tons)
As one of the high-quality firms in the country’s gold industry, corporate stock prices have a strong positive correlation with gold prices, and therefore an analysis of future gold price movements is of great importance in determining the timeliness of the company’s allocation value. In the long run, public and private stock prices are almost synchronized with gold prices, for two main reasons:
First, the upward trend in gold prices usually leads to higher earnings and profits, further increases the company’s intrinsic value, and leads to higher equity prices. Stock prices for listed companies are essentially an external expression of the company’s future profitability, and because mining costs are relatively stable and production growth cycles are also relatively long.
The impact of price movements on the company’s revenues and profits is most evident within a fixed time-frame for its main product, gold. Second, the rise in the price of gold will create expectations for the company’s profitability and future improvements in cash flow.
High-level investors’ interest in the gold stock has led to capital inflows to the relevant targets. The stock price of MFI is associated with a strong gold price (dollars, dollars/ounces) in 2024, which was historically high.
The gold market is also extremely rare, as of October 30, 2024, London’s spot gold price rose to $2777.8 per ounce, once again setting a historic high in gold prices, which rose by 34.35 percentage points compared to the price at the beginning of the year. At the same time, unlike in 2023, gold prices remained strong throughout the year, with gold market prices in the 10 months that had passed.
In the past two months, in particular, gold prices have risen sharply, rising by 5.26% per month in September, by 4.13% per month in October, and by more than 4% per month in two consecutive months, for the first time in the past two years.
The rise has generated widespread market interest, as well as more potential investment opportunities for the relevant secondary market targets. Figure 682023: Current gold prices in London (US$/ounce)
Table 16 Comparison of monthly rises in gold prices (US$/ounce) 4.1. Collapse over the election day, booster price hikes in October.
The first stage: 1 July 2024 to 17 September 2024, the increase in spot gold prices between London, the first stage of the gold market driver is the pre-prior pricing of the market for the Fed ' s interest-reduction operations.
At the beginning, the market generally expected to initiate interest-reductions during the Federal Reserve year, but the first interest-reduction node was subject to multiple rounds of adjustment. For the first time in July, Fed Chairman Powell made a clear explanation of the cut-off path, while US employment data slowed for months, high interest-rate environments gradually emerged as a side effect on the economy, and the market will see the September convalescence meeting.
After two years of interest-rate hikes, the marginal easing of capital market liquidity resulting from interest-reduction operations will be a direct benefit for the gold of strong financial attributes, and gold prices will rise in the first round. At the same time, the price of the gold, which continues to deviate so far in 2023, is associated with a re-dealing of real interest rates, showing that the gold market at this stage is once again in decline.
Sub-stages revert to the traditional framework of analysis. The second round of the gold upscaling cycle has reached the current node, although it has not been possible, but the upswing has been more intense, and the short recovery of synchronized gold prices and the movement of real interest rates has landed in the Federal Reserve.
The main logic driving the gold forward has changed at this stage. In our view, the main driver is composed of two parts: the risk-averse part of the geopolitical risk event has driven the second phase of the gold price hike.
While the scarcity and stability of gold are widely seen by central banks as indispensable reserve assets, markets have also used it as an important asset option for risk avoidance, which historically can be traced to the fact that the risk-averse properties of gold have often helped to push their prices upwards in the period of financial or political risk outbreak, and are often more aggressive at this stage.
In the middle of the year, the gold market experienced two more pronounced surges driven by geopolitical events, during the outbreak of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in October 2023 and the fermentation of the Iraqi-Israeli conflict in April 2024, respectively, when gold prices followed the geopolitical risk index to create two rounds of annual increases.
Israel launched large-scale missile attacks as a response to its assassination of the leaders of Hezbollah and Hamas in Lebanon, tensions between the two countries in the same month, a fall in relations between the two countries to a new low since 2018, a rise in the geopolitical risk index to the second half of the year, and the resulting market-shielding sentiment partly spurred the second phase of gold prices.
The US election nodes are approaching, raising the potential uncertainty of political and economic policies in the world’s largest economies, leading to an increase in demand for money from the market. The differences between the two candidates, Republican Trump and Democratic Harris, are evident in the areas of fiscal, trade, industry, immigration policy, etc., and the US election on November 5 will enter a critical polling day, with the resulting variables.
At the same time, the support rate for the two candidates has also changed significantly in the recent past, and after October, the relative intensity of the election shifted to the advantage of Trump, with poll data showing that the TRP support rate has risen to 48.4 per cent against Harris, and is influenced by the statistical caliber, based on the performance of the last rounds of the United States elections.
The polls usually favour Democrats. And, judging from the gambling market’s bets on the probability of two candidates winning, as of October 31, Trump’s probability of winning rose to 61.1%, and the uncertainty associated with the proximity of major risk events triggered a strong demand for market bailouts, triggering a phased surge in gold prices in October.
Mid-term trend of 4.2 as of 31 October 2024: expected secondary inflation plus liquidity marginal easing supports the increase in medium-term gold prices 4.2.1 re-inflation is the main line of the “Trump 2.0” transaction, with sustained interest rates in the medium term
On November 6, 2024, the outcome of the United States presidential election, with Republican candidate Trump defeating Democratic candidate Harris as the 47th president of the United States, the change of leadership in the world ' s largest economies has had a significant impact on international politics and economic governance, and capital markets are expected to price this risk event, directly affecting short- and medium-term gold prices.
By 12 noon on 7 November 2024, Trump had had 295 votes out of 538 voters to elect a new President of the United States, while the Republican Senate had achieved a preponderance by 52 seats over 44 seats in the Democratic Party. The results of the House of Representatives elections had not yet been fully announced, but the Republican Party had achieved 206 seats over the Democratic Party.
At this point in time, the Republicans won the presidential election, while taking control of the Senate and the House of Assembly, comparing pre-election poll data with the expectation that the Red and Blue parties would compete, and that the final results would be far more than expected in the market.
Figure 742024 Results of the United States House of Representatives elections, 2000 years later, the political divide between the two parties in the United States has intensified, and the policy continuity has declined significantly, a phenomenon that became more pronounced after Trump was first elected in 2016. The two candidates are right in comparison with their respective 2024 campaign outlines.
Its governance directions, while still overlapping in some areas, vary significantly between the two in a number of areas, including fiscal, trade, immigration, and foreign affairs. The Democratic Party’s governance strategy has different broad government attributes, and Trump’s fiscal policy has a certain monetism.
Trump’s policies tend to be very similar to those of its president during his term of office. It has a monetary character, emphasizing a reduction in government intervention, deregulation of the city, and a massive reduction in corporate taxes in an attempt to stimulate economic growth through tax changes.
The policy emphasizes the “United States of America priority” by raising tariffs on a large scale to relieve domestic debt pressures; immigration policies will be tightened across the board, and there will be a commitment to promote large-scale deportations of illegal immigrants. For the possible direction of governance in its fiscal field, our first conclusion is that immigration policies will be tightened and large-scale expulsions of illegal immigrants will take place.
It is also the main thrust of the campaign against the Biden government, and it is expected that this measure will fall as quickly as possible in the context of Republican control of both parties.
The President of the United States has a high degree of competence in tariff setting, and the Republicans will dominate Congress at the same time, and it is expected that this initiative will also be introduced as soon as Trump takes office.
Third, a comprehensive tax credit policy has been introduced in the country, along with deregulation and a reduction in government intervention. Large-scale reductions in corporate tax rates have been accompanied by a permanent extension of the Tax and Employment Deduction Act.
The Republican Party wants to lower international oil prices by lifting restrictions on the development of traditional domestic energy sources, but the demand side still needs to focus on the recovery pace of the global economy, given that the international oil market is at the same time regulated by the OEC+ supply.
In contrast to the two major areas of governance in the United States presidential elections of 17,2024, we expect that Trump ' s pre-election economic policy commitments could have four implications for the United States and for the global economy as a whole:
First, the easing of liquidity brought about by a radical fiscal stimulus combined with a interest-rate-reduction cycle is expected to lead to the United States economy, and secondly, further upward pressure on United States national debt, higher fiscal deficit rates, and increased credit overflow in United States countries, further weakening the dollar’s position as an internationally traded currency;
Intra-tax cuts + tariff escalation will drive up domestic commodity prices in the United States, and a significant tightening of immigration policies will lead to higher labour costs and a rise in the risk of secondary inflation;
Inference to the gold market, we believe that Trump’s election will have a chilling effect on short-term price trends. According to Trump’s description of his governance strategy, if fully implemented, a radical fiscal stimulus could lead to short-term rapid economic growth, but a massive tax cut would further increase the deficit level of the high US state.
All right, and the combination of tariff escalation and the inevitable impact of high commodity prices and immigration expulsions on the labour market have led to market concerns about the risk of reinflation, thus disturbing the Fed’s interest-reduction path, and thus undermining the market’s logic of dynamic marginal easing that drives up gold prices. And the so-called “Trump deal” that began to continue in October.
With the more prominent features of pre-eminence, multiple trading in the gold market has continued to be crowded since late September, and the comex-banking of non-commercial gold is now up to an all-time high, so that there is the possibility of phased reverse trading after the results of the elections are realized, and so that the price of phased repression may rise even further in the short term.
Figure 75 The gold market has moved up to historical highs (US$/ounces) as we can see from the “Trump deal 1.0” in October, that reinflation is the main logic of the market’s trade around this risk event. A radical fiscal and tariff mix during the term of office will drive up the price of domestic commodities, large.
A tightening of immigration policies would also result in higher labour costs, with lower energy prices through easing restrictions on traditional energy development, increasing production, but the ultimate effect of the policy is doubtful because the United States does not have a voice in the global supply of crude oil. Moreover, a comprehensive tax reduction policy, in addition to the short-term stimulus to its domestic economy, would also make the United States country indebted.
In the medium term, therefore, after the adjustment brought about by the short-term uncertainty premium, concerns about re-inflation will remain the main market line of “Trump transaction 2.0”, adding up the fiscal deficit rate, weakening United States credit-led uncertainty, and strong anti-inflation and risk resistance.
In order to specifically analyse the impact of interest-reduction operations on the gold market, we split the 1990-to-date Federal Reserve interest-reduction cycle into eight rounds, depending on the current United States macroeconomic context.
The type is classified as emergency interest reduction, recessionary interest reduction, and preventive interest reduction. Among these, the emergency interest reduction is the Fed’s emergency adjustment of monetary policy to the negative impact of conflict-prone risk events on macroeconomics, usually of shorter duration and more aggressive operations (2008, 2020); and recessionary interest reduction occurs in its full domestic economic data base.
In the face of weakness (gdp sustained slowdown, unemployment surges), the Fed ' s remedial operation is intended to induce a recovery, usually at the end of the recession cycle, with a long duration and a high interest rate reduction (1990, 2001, 2007): preventive interest reduction is a pre-emptive operation by the Fed designed to avoid a recession in the economy and economic data
Partially weaker, more volatile over time, and more prudent in operation. Figure 768. United States macroeconomic background (%)
Second, the Fed’s forward-looking nature of monetary policy adjustment is becoming stronger and its preventive character is becoming more evident;
The Fed’s adjustment of monetary policy has had a major impact on the price movements of gold, the most financially significant species of non-ferrous metals. By regulating the base federal fund rates to influence the cost of money in the market, the Fed achieves the purpose of currency regulation, and when interest rates fall, the anti-inflationary properties of gold are highlighted.
After the 1990s, both the second-rate cycle and negative growth in gold prices resulted from emergency interest reductions, mainly because of the negative impact on markets of the outbreak of risk events, usually accompanied by a fall in asset prices, but if the time line is extended to a certain extent, because of the very high risk-avoidance properties of gold, after a short shock,
In the current macro-environment, the Fed’s monetary policy adjustments are closer to preventive interest cuts and go back.
In a few rounds of similar cycles, stimulated by liquidity marginal easing, gold prices have generally risen positively over the period, subject to interest rate reduction and duration, which lags behind recessionary interest rates, and against the background of the overall spread of real interest rates in liquidity marginal easing, we see that gold prices continue to rise during this cycle.
At a concrete level, we believe that the Fed’s interest-reduction path is clear during the year and that, against the background of the marginal spread of liquidity, the bottom of the gold price is sufficiently sustained, and the medium-term trend will return to the liquidity analysis framework. Cmedwatch published data showing that the annual interest-reduction rhythm and magnitude are not too variable, and that, against the background of the marginal spread of liquidity, gold prices are likely to rise and fall during the year.
At a point, the corresponding policy interest rate will fall to 3.375% and 2.875%. The rapid rise in gold prices in October, driven by the proximity of the United States general elections and a sense of risk avoidance, has reached historic highs, but with the gradual digestion of the special events catalytic effect, the next step will be the first, the overall performance of the United States economy.
Third, inflation and employment market performance in the United States. Whether Trump’s fiscal policy will lead to cost-driven inflation or not.
High and migration policy adjustments could lead to a shortage of workers in the labour market. We expect the Fed to cut interest rates in the short run, and the path to implementation will be more dependent on the immediate schedule of monthly inflation and employment data 4.3 long-term trends: the high deficit rate in the United States and the increase in central bank purchases.
Gold, as a special category of non-ferrous metals, has long been largely the subject of monetary and financial attributes. In the traditional framework of analysis, gold is a special category of metals with triple attributes. Gold at the monetary property level, as a commodity traded internationally, is valued in dollars, while gold remains a value anchor in the credit currency age.
At the financial attribute level, gold is an interest-free asset whose value is judged by the market largely on the basis of the high rate of return on other interest-bearing assets, of which the dollar is the main asset, and the value of the gold's configuration will be highlighted when the return on the dollar is reduced.
The use of real US interest rates as an opportunity cost to hold gold is manifested in the triple nature of gold prices compared to real US interest rates compared to figure 77 gold, but the effectiveness of the analysis of gold prices in the first half of the year using the traditional research framework has declined significantly.
The decoupling of prices from real interest rates on US debt began in early 2023 and, against the backdrop of a radical increase in US Federal Reserve interest rates, US interest rates have risen rapidly, but gold prices have not been as weak as they have been in the past, and their price poles have been rising, especially since 2024, when gold and US interest rates have moved rapidly in tandem, leading to markets having access to the traditional gold price analysis framework.
There are many questions about effectiveness. We believe that the decoupling of the 2023 gold price from the real interest rate on US debt is due mainly to two factors: the special interest-added cycle that exists alongside broad finance and tight currency, and the radical central bank purchases of additional reserves, both of which will continue to drive gold prices.
4.3.1 The long-standing high deficit rate in the United States has raised the price center of gold, and during the current interest-raising cycle there is a contradiction between tight currency and broad-based finance. In 2020, the United States Government introduced a historic fiscal stimulus, with the federal government spending at the gdp level, to counter the negative impact of the new crown epidemic on the macro-view economy.
In 2022, in an effort to contain high inflation, the Fed raised interest rates aggressively, but the fiscal dimension remained relatively relaxed. The US deficit rate, though significantly lower than its 2021 high, remained above 5.5% in 2022-2023.
Savings are one of the major reasons why the US can achieve bottom-up economies and stabilize the job market during the current interest-added cycle, but objectively they also make it more difficult for the Fed to control inflation. The expansion of the federal government’s deficit in figure 80 makes it more difficult for the Fed to control inflation (%, 100%).
Figure 79 shows that fiscal policy has not been actively coordinated during the current interest-added cycle (%) in 2023, the size of America’s outstanding debt exceeded $34 trillion, or 124.27% of its current year’s gdp size. We believe that future United States fiscal deficits will continue to swell, and government debt will rise in parallel to sustain it.
The current model of economic development and government governance is working well, and the current debt is being repaid. According to the budget of the United States Congress, forecasts of the government deficit rate and the size of the country’s debt for the next few years show that in 2024, the US government’s fiscal deficit was very high, and we believe that it is too early to conclude that the US government’s debt problem will be concentrated.
The continuation will depend on the upcoming new government’s control of mandatory spending over the coming years and the development of domestic tax and customs policies, but implementation will inevitably face many political games between the two parties. With regard to the impact of the US debt problem on global financial markets, the summary will consist mainly of the following:
First, by compressing the policy space for the future, the reactive approach increases the difficulty of macro-regulation of economic volatility. Second, by concentrating too much liquidity at the government level, banks will face greater pressure on deposits, and the liquidity of small and medium-sized banks will intensify the credit overflow in the United States and significantly weaken the dollar’s position as an internationally traded currency.
The US debt, the core of countries’ reserve assets, has shaken, and the global financial system has become more volatile. And, according to historical patterns, prices remain more positively related to the US deficit, owing to the anti-inflationary and risk-free nature of gold, the recalcitrant inflation associated with high fiscal deficit rates, and concerns about debt risk.
The rapid upturn in the US fiscal deficit as a percentage of gdp is often accompanied by the emergence of a gold-priced cow market. Thus, the high US deficit rate in 2022-2023 objectively raised the price center of the gold market, causing, to some extent, a departure between the price of the gold at that time and the real interest rate.
The stability of national debt as the anchor of global market pricing will be hit, and the market position for gold, which is also a hedge asset, will be further highlighted objectively. Gold prices will be underpinned by a stronger base.
Figure 82 United States Government deficit rates will remain high for years to come (%)
4.3.2 The central bank’s concentration of firm gold prices is long-term expectation that the monetary and financial attributes of gold have long dominated price trends and that commodity attributes have had a relatively limited impact on gold prices. On the one hand, gold is natural currency, although after the collapse of the Bretton Woods system, gold is no longer available.
Linked to the United States dollar, but still to some extent playing a role as a measurer of the value of banknotes, which is more relevant to economic monetary policy and inflation; on the other hand, the supply and demand structure of gold is more rigid, the annual increase in supply is very limited compared to global gold reserves, and the demand for gold industry and jewellery is equally stable.
Starting in 2022, the global central bank substantially increased its purchases, raised its gold reserves, and hit its old demand structure. With gold long in existence as a global generic equivalent, central banks will maintain a certain amount of gold reserves to enhance sovereign currency credit while addressing possible financial risks.
Purchases of a certain amount of gold to increase reserves, although the size of the purchases fluctuated, did not exceed their share of annual demand, which is historically high, and their share of annual gold demand exceeded 20%. The size of the annual purchases by the Central Bank and the rate of increase (tons) in the same year are shown in figure 85.
Figure 86 gold prices are related to the high share of gold in reserve assets (US$/ounce) Table 21 gold supply-demand balance table (tons) Central banks' concentrated purchases of additional gold, which directly boosts the demand for gold and, more importantly, increases market access
In the case of the Central Bank of China, for example, since 2012, the Central Bank of China has experienced three rounds of gold purchases, which, according to the previous two rounds of gold purchases, were in relatively low positions, followed by the emergence of the Gold Cow market. This has resulted in the central bank’s accuracy in its judgement on gold prices, on the one hand, and the central bank’s purchasing reserves, on the other.
As a result of the market’s expectation of an upward trend in gold prices, which has led to the entry of incremental capital, we believe that central bank purchases are even more critical to the potential pull effect of the increase in gold prices. Figure 87 2012-present Central Bank of China gold purchases (US$/ounces, tons)
The main reasons for the central bank’s centralization of the reserve reserves since 2022 include the following: There is a marked polarization in the reserve asset structure of the major global economies. In order to maintain their monetary credit, the European and American economies hold far more gold assets in their reserve asset structure than in other countries, while emerging markets remain.
With foreign-exchange assets as the absolute bulk of reserves, gold reserves are relatively low, and in the future there will be more room for growth in this segment of the market. Reducing dependence on a single asset is an important battle for some central banks to restructure reserve assets.
United States dollar assets, represented by American debt, are the bulk of countries' reserves, but the dollar lacks sufficient security anchors, the security of dollar assets is widely questioned after 2022, and some countries are trying to reduce their dependence on a single sovereign currency, to reduce appropriately the percentage of holdings of dollar assets, to achieve it.
Gold assets carry a portion of the central bank’s reserve demand from the dollar’s asset reduction. The scarcity of gold attributes makes it a very high reserve value, relatively less affected by macroeconomic fluctuations, and is not significantly associated with any of the bottom assets measured in a currency, so that the gold can be configured to achieve a potential windfall.
Risk hedges, the nature of which makes gold assets an important option for filling the reserve asset gap left by the dollar asset reduction.
At the same time, the choice of countries or regions with reserve assets exceeding $200 billion in 2023 (except for the United Kingdom) requires two additions: First, the positive correlation between central bank purchases and gold prices needs to be extended over a longer period of time and not recommended for use.
We believe that the global central bank’s further gold reserve ratio will be a long-term trend that will drive gold prices up the grid, but the current round of concentrated purchases is at an advanced stage, with a new cycle.
Although the share of gold in reserves in the major global economies increased to varying degrees in 2023 compared to 2022, according to imf statistics, most of it was driven by rising gold prices, with the increase in gold reserves in the last two years coming mainly from four countries: China, India, Singapore, and Russia, with China contributing nearly 60%.
According to the data, our gold reserve of 72.8 million ounces has been leveled for six months in a row, and there is a clear signal of a slower buyout. The main reasons for the slowdown in central bank purchases are summarized in three ways: first, the length of the current round of central bank purchases has been unprecedented and the amount of reserves has increased, with a gradual slowdown at this point in time.
In the short term, gold prices have moved too fast, with further large-scale higher storage costs. Third, the main purchasing power of this round is emerging markets, while central banks of emerging markets purchase additional reserves primarily to diversify and enhance asset security.
In a relatively well-stocked environment, central banks tend to be conservative about dry-repository gold operations when macro-environment changes and external reserves are relatively tight. Figure 88 China contributes to the major increase in global gold reserves (tons) from 2022 to the present.
In summary of the above analysis, the Central Bank of China has entered the final stage of its current round of purchases of additional funds (tons), and we believe that, since 2023, the upturn in gold prices and the failure of the traditional analytical framework, the easing of the fiscal environment during the current round of interest-raising cycles in the United States and central bank purchases of additional funds are the main drivers.
Direct demand-side formation has a limited pull effect on gold prices, more so by raising market expectations of gold prices, reflected in the bottom-up effect on gold prices at the price level. Although, according to the above analysis, this cycle of increased storage is at an end stage, in the long run, the reserves of gold in emerging economies are much worse than in the West.
At a distance, the future reduction of dependence on a single asset and diversification of asset allocation will be the main trend chosen by central banks, while the gold asset is the main option to fill the dollar asset reduction, which will drive the upward trend in long-term gold prices.
Production of minerals: the successful completion of the exploration of the Great Zaydan mining area in Qinghai contributed to the major increase in mineral and gold production in 2024-2026, the resumption of the Chinese gold mining industry in Yunnam Mangang is progressing steadily, and the country's capital flows are followed by a sustained infusion of high-quality resources, which we anticipate are in line with the company's strategic planning and project process.
210.76 tons, 195.45 tons and 181.44 tons, respectively; lead powder production was 0.97 tons, 0.83 million tons, 0.72 million tons, zinc powder production was 2.07 million tons, 20.7 million tons, and 20.7 million mineral prices: after experiencing the repressive effect of Trump's election on short-term prices for gold prices, as a result of
Its aggressive fiscal, tariff mix will bring greater uncertainty to the US economy, and rising national debt pressure and inflation expectations will lead to a further rise in gold prices, which are highly resistant to inflation and risk avoidance. At the same time, the price of gold is stimulated by the marginal liquidity easing of interest-reduction cycles.
The increase in the deficit rate in the United States and the purchase of additional funds by the Global Central Bank will be $164.83/g for long-term gold; 2.75/g for the production of mineral and silver units; $8519.28/t for the production of lead powders; $9710.7/t for the production of zinc powder units;
Mountain Gold International is mainly involved in precious metals, non-ferrous metal mining and metal trading, using the development of precious metal resources as the core of its operations, with the main products being alloy (silver), lead powder (silver), zinc powder (silver), and I
The company's market value is currently not as good as expected. The company's many projects have been approved, reworked or re-established, and may be subject to sudden developments.
The impact has led to less progress than expected, which will have an impact on the release of relevant mineral production and corporate profitability, as well as on the volatility of gold prices. The development of precious metals is the company’s core business, and it is clear that the volatility of gold prices will have a significant impact on the company’s profitability if gold prices fall sharply.
Statement of analysis and projections of the financial statements