The Centre for Research in Innovation Technology and Business Services has continued to improve profitability, waiting for demand and the release of productive capacity The company has collected 9.47 billion yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 5.5 per cent over the same period, and a net gain of 1.04 billion yuan to the mother.
This represents an increase of 28.7 per cent over the same period, of which the net return to the mother was $10.0 billion, or 28.7 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, q3 received $3.50 billion during the single quarter, with increases of 10.4 per cent and 8.0 per cent over the same season, and the net return to the mother was $410 million, with increases of 49.1 per cent and 8.9 per cent over the same period and the net profit for the previous three quarters.
The demand is on a pro-cyclical basis and supply compression opens up alternative space: from the company ' s q3 season, we believe that while the company ' s new production capacity has not yet made a significant contribution, the unit price of the company ' s products has increased.
The profit is further improved and the business is generally stable. From the copper plate environment, on the one hand, the demand for a 5-g collection is imminent, when basic materials like the copper plate will be cyclically repaired, and on the other hand, this month, the pasasonic plant in Japan's Fukushima County County Hills.
The copper-plating plant, which was shut down due to flooding, is expected to take two months to resume work, during which the plant’s high-end orders or outward transfer will open up alternative space when production capacity is strained to pass on to the industrial chain. Common copper-caps are priced or sustained, waiting for high frequency and pcb production: both supply and demand will go to good industries.
Against this background, the three main lines of business of the company are expected to grow: 1) General ccl has stabilized prices based on cyclical repairs brought about by 5g, and with the positive distribution of the company ' s new production capacity in Shaanxi and Kyujiang, the performance is expected to be released: 2) HF ccl is successfully imported to its clients, and production planning is expected to be successfully achieved by the end of the year.
Next year, the 5g order will be determined and will be expected to contribute further: 3) pcb East Town Extension will be on track for 19 years, and the Gian phase will be launched as planned, hopefully with a 5g dividend for growth.
Based on the company's current production capacity and the increase in the Māori rate, we've reduced the income forecast for the company, Dun Quantities, but keep the net profit forecast, and we're predicting a net return profit for 19-21 years.
Twenty-six times the size of the economy, given the good corporate profile and the scarcity of high-frequency copper-plate operations, we believe that the downstream landscape is less than expected; that increased competition leads to a decline in competitiveness; and that large shareholders have less risk.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment