Three-quarterly review of technology (600183.sh) on 30 October 2019.
Corporate rating: Increase (maintain) Quarterly Report 2019. Operating income of 9.47 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 5.53 per cent in the same year; net return to the parent 10.42
Millions of yuan, an increase of 28.66 per cent in the same year; third quarter operating income of 34.97 billion yuan, an increase of 10.44 per cent in the same year, and net profit of 413 million yuan, an increase of 49.12 per cent in the same year.
Quarterly growth of 15.23 pcts and significant improvements in profitability. Research assistant: Wei Daes, 1.q3 performance growth accelerated and profit margins continued to rise.
The acceleration of performance growth, further increases in profit margins, strong downstream demand for Māori, net interest rates and ccl, and the corresponding increase in product value added as a result of the upgrading of manufacturing processes for high-end products.
2. Energy release from the domestic HF cll core has led to a new growth cycle.In recent years, more investment in R & D and extension has been made by the In-depth Technology Study - 5g HFccl, the first three.
The core target is to grow by 28 per cent over the cycle and 190905 quarter R & D costs over the same period of the previous year, and the gap between related high-end products and the first global echelons continues to narrow, in the context of national production substitution
Performance elasticity is evident. In terms of production capacity, the construction of Jiang Su-sheng is progressing at 44% and has already achieved some capacity release, while at the same time it is accelerating the construction of electronics, Xiangxi II and Jiangxi, which are expected to be produced by the end of 2020.
It can reach 130 million square metres, compared to the current 89 million square metres, and some of the technologies that benefit are domestic copper-plating champions, with industries and companies all having a higher bargaining power and maintaining an “uptake” rating.
Copperboards and stickers. Copperboards and stickers are the company’s core business, with more than 80% of the main business, and the company’s capacity and technology have continued to rise in recent years. Assuming that the pcb industry is growing steadily downstream, the ccl industry is growing at a slower rate.
To maintain 10%: Disaggregate high-frequency high-speed products to accelerate growth with 5g commercials. In the next two phases of Xijiang capacity, a total of 30 million square metres per year, with a total investment of 2 billion yuan, further expansion of production is expected by the end of 2019 along with the Kanxi and Guangdong regions, and 130 million square metres of copper sheet production is expected to be achieved by the end of 2020
The cost price of raw materials is on the rise, downstream prices are spread well, and companies are simultaneously expanding their intelligent production lines, and production efficiency is expected to increase further, taking into account the size and cost of the company's operations. The company's printed circuit board operations are largely e-contributive to the subsidiaries.
The previous year saw an increase of 10.63 per cent over the same period, but a decline in sales of 209h1 was 15.46 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year.In August 19 the company was proposed to invest 2.5 billion yuan in expansion in Gian, with an annual capacity of 700,000 square metres, which is expected to be released in mid-2020 and 1.1 million square metres in the second cycle, and the pace of delivery is demand-driven.
The report’s analytical logic is based on one’s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects his research views, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.