The profits from technology (600183) continue to be highly innovative in the first quarter, and the 5g business-led companies - the technology from the third quarter - continue to be evaluated.
The company published three-quarterly reports in 2019, yielding 9.47 billion yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 5.53 per cent in the same year and a net profit of 1,042 million yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 28.66 per cent in the same year.
In the third quarter of 2019, the company collected $3.497 billion in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 10.44 per cent in the same year, an increase of 8 per cent in the ring, followed by a rise in the company ' s single quarter after the second quarter, while the company ' s financial indicators continued to rise by 0.95 percentage points in the third quarter ' s Māori ring, the highest ever;
The profit margin is 0.05 percentage points higher than in the second quarter and is at a historically upstream level. 5g base station construction will directly boost corporate demand for products.
The main product of the production electronics is pcb, which belongs to the downstream industry of the brassboards. The customers are mainly Chinese, Chinese, Samsung, and Nokia.
Heart Suppliers, also generating electronics is investing in building new capacity in Gian; the Chinese supply for this year's 5g base station is 600,000, and it's likely to reach 1.5 million next year, for high-frequency copper plates and pcb.
With the construction of the 5g base station, demand for company high-frequency copper plates and pcb products has continued to grow, while public money has won.
The Department is also actively building new production capacity to meet rising downstream demand; the company’s 5g base station is expected to be built between 2019 and 2021, with less than expected and more competition in the copper-plate industry. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities-investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, is producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.