Chc operations continue to grow and the integration of Quan medicine is progressing steadily
Rapping: outperform kehanmeng realizes operating income of $6,794 million (+63.68 per cent) per year from single q2 and net profit of the mother of $726 million (+22.59 per cent),
Rapid growth of operations and a combination of Quan Pharmacy Group, disabling the influence of Quan Pharmacy, first half of the year with a year-on-year increase • Chc line of operations: $6,819 million (+23.19%) in the first half of the 23rd year for chc healthy consumer products and 56.97% (+1.10 pct).
In the first half of 2023, there was a rapid growth in the big health business. In the rehabilitation of slow disease, the focus was on the tri-seven whole-sector chain and, in collaboration with the Kun Pharmacy Group, the three-seven development platform was built, and the business remained stable. We believe that the company's chc business continued to grow, branding “999”
Prescription lines: 2.78 billion yuan (+11.31 per cent) in the first half of the year, Māori sustained growth, and products in the digestive field grew steadily.
• In the first half of the year, net sales were better and stable as the country’s standard varieties gradually landed. • In the first half of January 2023, the Kuen Pharmacy Group completed a board of directors, supervisory boards and a collection of medicines.
In the first six months of 23 years, the company's holdings were changed from Chinese medicine to Chinese medicine, which was formally incorporated into China's financial statements. In the first six months of 23 years, the traditional medicine (Quan Pharmacy) business was recorded at $1,860 million, and equipment and retail sales were distributed and retailed at $1,413 million.
The market strategy of “Big Brands + Strong Academics” continues to increase end-coverage and to take full advantage of the company’s entire industry chain layout in the 37 industries. Profit predictions: considering the company’s acquisition of the Quan Pharmacy Group this year, we combine our income with a schedule of Quan Pharmacy.
3.17. The company has a strong brand name for the drug Otc.