The carbonated silicon main module speeds up its release, its performance is growing steadily, its high-threshold market continues to expand, and its income is growing robustly. Companies continue to offer competitive products, increasing their access to large white power, cars, new energy, industry, communications and arithmetic.
The market was expanded by $6.336 billion in operating income in the first half of the year, an increase of 20.14 per cent. On the other hand, by actively expanding output, the company had a 5-6 inch chip production line, a 8 inch chip production line for the subsidiary, and a significant participation business roller.
The production line of the C12-inch chip has remained fully loaded and the level of profitability has improved further, with the positive expansion of the production line of the C.O. Chengdus (including the C.I.C.) power module and the block of the power device, with a significant output, resulting in a net return of RMB 265 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 116,242 per cent over the same period.
Multi-product shipments have accelerated, with integrated circuit operations growing by about 26% over the same period. The power management chip introduced by the Division in the first half of the year was tested or imported at the end of a car, large white power, servers, high-end consumer electronics, etc.
Total equity/circulation capital (billion shares) 16.64.64 Favourable power devices, ipm modules together provide one-stop service to white power and industrial customers: ipm modules deliver more than 123 million units on white entire machines, such as FACs, and are now accelerating the expansion of vehicles
The maximum/minimum price in 52 weeks, with the market, is expected to continue to grow faster in the future; mems sensor product yields are increased by 10 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and imu has received lots of domestic smartphone manufacturers.
Ordered, the sensor's output increased more than twice in the first half of the year, and the company has increased its input into the manufacturing capacity of the mems sensor chip on the line of the Hangzhou Sloan Holdings Ltd., which is expected to be the norm in the second half of 2025.
In the first half of 2025, the business income from the company's power semiconductor and separate device products reached 3,308 million yuan.
This represents an increase of about 25% over the same year for cars, photovoltaic gbt and sic (modules, devices) with an increase of more than 80% in the same year. In the case of gbt, the company ' s gbt and frd chips for auto-drive have been sold in bulk in several module encapsulation plants, both inside and outside the country, and are expanding the number of customers.
In the first half of the year, the company's 8-inch and 12-inch gbt chips were fully produced, and technology change funds have been arranged to further upgrade the energy of the 12-inch gbt chips.
Over 20,000 cumulatively, the client base is good, the number of clients is increasing, the number of vdsic is highlighted as a client assessment, based on the power module of the ivdsic chip in 2025, which will be up in the second half of the year, and now 10,000 6 inches of sic-mosfet.
The production capacity of the chip is expected to be reduced by the end of June, when the first craft equipment has been moved to Slanchiro, which is expected to continue to optimize the business product structure of the Led. In the first half of the year, the public sector collected $346 million, about 17 per cent less than the same year.
Scramminnon has completed the consolidation of the resources of the led chip production line, with an increase in capacity utilization to 90 per cent, a 46 per cent increase in the cumulative release of chips over the same period last year, and further optimization of product structure with plant lighting, security surveillance, Mini display chips, etc., in the second half of the year.
(b) Merkale, a subsidiary with a reduced export order, increased competition in the domestic market, reduced revenues by about 30 per cent on a year-on-year basis, but was able to maintain the basic stability of production operations through the lifting of liquids in the second half of the year.
Mercala will take full advantage of the reverse product and actively expand its market share throughout the year, and market competition will increase the risk: downstream market demand falls short of the expected risk: customers will not reach the expected risk, and production capacity will expand short of the expected risk.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.