Transport at Hainan Airport (600515) The airport is recovering duty-free, benefiting from the construction dividend at the Trade Port, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Incidents: Hainan Airport published its annual report for 2022. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $4.70 billion, i.e. +3.9 per cent of the year; net profit from the return to the mother of $1.86 billion, i.e. +30.7 per cent of the year, mainly as a result of a 2 billion yuan gain from the 2nd phase of land concessions in Mingju Island, South China, back to the original plan.
In 2022, it was difficult for the company to make a smooth return from the two-wing engine, with operating income rising by 3.9%, ending three years of continuous decline, with net profit from the return of the mother-to-be.
The policy dividend continues to be released, and the airport returns value. The Hainan Free Trade Port Building Master Programme provides for a step-by-step, phased approach to the development of the system for the Hong Kong Free Trade Port and the steady development of the Hainan Free Trade Port.
The amount of 16.9 billion yuan per month, an increase of 14.6 per cent over the same period, was tax-free; 2,336,000 times were sold, an increase of 27.2 per cent over the same period; and the company’s main assets were located in Hainan Province, under the umbrella of the airport.
A free trade port policy dividend is available for a number of operations, such as business free of charge and property management; the company has begun to build a new “two-wing two-engine” business pattern based on airport operations and resources based on duty-free commercial property and property hotel services.
The airport management business has recovered, and duty-free consumption continues to burst after the epidemic. The Hainan Tourism and Free Consumer Market continues to warm, with 4,458 flights to and from the three main airports in Hainan Island during their five-and-one-long vacations and passengers.
There were 704,000 cases of throughput, which significantly exceeded the pre-infestation levels of the same period: duty-free consumption continued to explode, and the Customs Customs of the Sea mouth supervised tax-free purchases off the island amounting to 880 million yuan, a 120 per cent increase over the same period. The number of duty-free purchases was 109,000, a 158 per cent increase over the same period.
• Profit forecasting and investment proposals. The company is an important participant in the construction of the Hainan Freeport, with airport operations and tax exemptions.
The facility’s investment operations have changed three times to “airport + duty-free.” With the construction of Hainan Freeport, the company will in the future build a new “two-wing two-engine” business pattern based on the airport’s main business, with duty-free commercial property, property management hotel services, and both empty and capital-driven engines.
The company’s main revenue and Māori contribution is from housing and land operations, mainly because the cost of renting income originally tax-exempted and commercially included holdings was recategorized to housing and real estate operations.
In recent years, airport management and real estate operations have suffered $4.70 billion in operating income, an increase of 3.9 per cent over the previous three years, ending a three-year consecutive decline; the net return to mothers of $1.86 billion, an increase of 300.7 per cent over the same period, with the adjustment of the epidemic policy at the end of 2022, it is expected that the company’s revenues and profits will accelerate.
The policy dividend continues to be released, the airport returns to value, the passenger market has great potential, and air revenue is rising. As our economy develops, our air travel needs account for 67.1% of the year.
At this stage, civil aviation is faced with new developments, with a new historical mission, the lack of balance in the development of civil aviation and the major contradiction between the people’s growing demand for good aviation, the potential for growth in the air market and the still important strategic opportunity to recover domestic demand, taking advantage of the opening of a free trade port in June 2020.
The General Programme provides for a step-by-step and phased approach to the building of a system of independent ports: by 2025, the initial establishment of a system of free trade port policy with a focus on free trade facilitation and investment facilitation; by 2035, the full realization of trade, investment, cross-border financial flows, access to people, free movement of transport and the safe and orderly flow of data; and by mid-century,
The programme is clear and provides a path for the steady development of the Hainan Free Trade Port. The company is actively involved in the development of the Hainan Free Trade Port and is working to enhance the security functions of Sanya Phoenix and Jonglei Airports and to build an international regional aviation hub for the Pacific and Indian Ocean.
M, 60 m wide (including shoulders), with an existing air terminal of 106,000 m2 (61,000 m2, 18,000 m2, 15,000 m2, and 12,000 m2) of the international terminal). To effectively ease the pressure on the production and safety of the San Phoenix airport and further upgrade the safety and security of the airport, San Phoenix will focus on the promotion of the safety and security of the airport.
After the construction of the t3 terminal and the supporting projects, the production security capacity of the San Phoenix airport will be improved to 27-30 million passengers per year.
Although the company no longer holds a stake in the Melanes Airport, it is still connected to it in terms of tax-free operations, air access industries, etc. Sealand airport covers an area of 1,140 hectares, with a 3600-metre long, 45-metre wide runway and a 3600-metre, 60-metre wide runway, with the total size of the terminal nearly 450,000 square metres. By the end of 2022, Sealand Airport t2 terminal had been dropped.
In one year, the airport expansion is expected to attract more people, logistics, financial flows and information flows to Hainan, and it is planned to meet 35 million annual passenger throughput by 2025, thereby contributing to the development of the Hainan free-trade port policy and the open-air industry.
The value of duty-free purchases off the island is $104.3 billion, the amount of items sold is 150 million, and the number of trips to the market is 13.94 million. The average daily value of purchases is 110 million yuan, an increase of 245 per cent over the pre-New Deal period. Of these, in 2022, the amount of duty-free sales in Hainan was temporarily slowed down. According to the Customs Department, the value of duty-free purchases across the island was 34.9 billion yuan in 2022, a decrease of 29.5 per cent.
The actual number of purchases was 42.24 million, a decrease of 37.1 per cent in the same year; the number of duty-free purchases was 49.44 million, a decrease of 29.8 per cent in the same year. With the liberalization of the disease at the end of 2022, the market demand for the off-island duty-free sector increased and the amount of duty-free sales recovered markedly, with 16.9 billion yuan being the free purchase price for the whole island for January-March 2023, an increase of 14.6 per cent in the same year; and 2,336,000 real purchases were made.
The 27.2 per cent increase in the same rate of exemption from the island would not only benefit tourists, but also stimulate the transformation of the Hainan economy and stimulate the potential for consumption as an important engine for the development of the Hainan economy.3 The multiplicity of industries has developed and the airport will be exempt for the future.
3.1 Multi-operative co-operation and co-development of the Hainan Free Trade Port is a unique policy advantage. Since April 13, 2018, the Party’s central decision to support the development of the Hainan Islands as a whole has accelerated the establishment of the system of trade-testing areas, with over 150 policies in place.
The Eighth Party Congress of Hainan Province has proposed that, over the next five years, Henan will fully implement the “One Three Keys, Eight Pillars” strategy, make every effort to promote island-wide customs closures, experiment with “zero tariffs” and “low tariffs” policies on a wider scale, and study the promotion of “simplified tax systems” that will bring the economy beyond the trillion dollar threshold.
The company’s main assets are located in Hainan Province, where many operations such as airport management, tax-free commerce, property management, etc. can benefit from free trade port policy dividends.
At the airport, San Phoenix Airport, Manchuria Suburban Airport, four-star Skytrax Airport; at the commercial level, Seagate Moon Square opened in 2021 in front of the national single-body shop.
Large property service enterprises, managing an area of almost 17 million square metres, with a multi-type property service, such as high-end writing buildings, airports, etc., have been awarded the title “China Property Services 100” and “Hainan Province Services 50”; in the field of air access, the company participates in a one-stop airport repair base at the airport in Milan, and the Tax Logistics Centre in Sanya (type b)
A number of projects in the off-the-shelf industry have accumulated experience in planning, developing, and operating integrated projects in the off-air industry, resulting in an effective model of industrial landings and multi-operative synergies. The company has initially built itself into an airport-based, tax-free commercial property and a real estate hotel suit.
Two wings, one two-wing two-engine, and two-wheel-drive engines of new patterns of business. Around airport operations, service owners, relying on the best resources such as the airport and core property, have been able to move away from the island from duty-free New Deal and actively offer duty-free businesses, with the full potential of a large duty-free market based on the advantages of the Seaports of Milan, San Phoenix and the three docks of the Ocean Square: real estate.
The business revolves around the core business community, where the company has successfully developed dozens of projects such as 5a writing buildings, commercial complexes, high-end hotels, etc., and has built a full chain of services capacity for cluster project development, engineering, commercial operations, property management equal to one; the real estate industry, which provides high-quality property management services for the airport, the holding industry, hotels, etc.; and the hotel industry, which is fully operational.
(b) Based on the advantages of airport operations and resources, companies have been active in setting up an open economy and building new growth points in the future. 3.2 Airport management is clearly under pressure and post-disease recovery trends are clear
Airfield management operations are divided mainly into air operations and non-aviation operations, which refer to basic operations directly linked to aircraft, passenger and cargo services, such as the provision of port and ground transport services to domestic and international air transport enterprises, trans-shipment and trans-shipment passengers; and other similar extended duty-free businesses, tax-free commerce, advertising, freight forwarding, office rental, and the rental of value counters
7 airports, including San Phoenix Airport, Joan Hae Bo Airport, Ang Qing Tian Jiao Airport, Tang Shan San San Women's River Airport, Yuo Nam Lu Airport, Camp Ming Lan Air Airport, Manchuria Suburb Airport, among them Joan Ha Bo Airport, which is entrusted to the relevant party.
Management; management of 2 airports for export, including: Lake Chagan airport in Matsuhara, Sansha Yongchen airport; participation in 2 airports through subsidiaries, including Ichang Three Gorge Airport, and Camp East Victory Airport; significant decline in Māori rates due to operating income from airport management operations affected by the epidemic.
Operating income of $1.04 billion, a decrease of 33.8 per cent in comparison with the previous year, total aircraft landings and landings at the company's holdings and management of nine airports, 94,000 sorties, 1,098,000 passenger traffic, 79,000 tons of mail and mail traffic, respectively, lower costs compared with 2021 and the issuance of a tax-exempt policy on Hainan Island, with gross profits on the company's airport management operations raised from $140 million in 2020.
As the epidemic was lifted at the end of last year, Sanya and the Seagate became hot destinations from the post-arrival tourist market, and the Hainan tourist market continued to warm. During the five-minute vacation period, the three main airports in Hainan had completed their flights, and there were 4,458 drop-offs, resulting in 704,000 cases of passenger vomiting, an increase of 22 per cent and 26 per cent, respectively, in comparison with 2019.
On April 29, the peak of passenger traffic reached 149.9 million visitors to and from the island, of whom 77.5 million were from Meran Airport and 69.9 million from Sanya Airport.
Companies participate in tax-exempt and commercial operations by investing in equity and providing premises for their own property.
Tax-exempt operations include: a duty-free shop at Phoenix Airport, a duty-free shop at Seagate Day Square, and a duty-free city for sea-controlled global excellence; in addition, tax-free withdrawals from San Phoenix Airport, Joan Hae-Bok Airport, Seagate Day Square are also provided to duty-free operators. Tax-free and business income fell during the reporting period, but duty-free consumption continued unabated after the epidemic. In 2022, companies were exempted from tax-free consumption.
Taxes and business operations realized operating income of $270 million, of which companies invested in tax-exempt operations of $50 million, and rent-free premises rented by owner-owned properties of about $90 million. This spring holiday, the Hainan off-island tax-exempt consumption continued to explode, and the customs of the sea port regulated duty-free shopping off the island during the five and one long holidays (29 April-3 May).
At the end of 2022, the company had 12 construction and land reserve projects covering approximately 1,100 acres; 11 land reserve projects covering approximately 5,400 acres.
High-quality high-impact projects, high-level security coverage, with a focus on accelerating the de-development of stock property projects, will be followed by the diversification of off-the-shelf industry development and accompanying projects in line with the Hong Kong City convergence development model.
There has been a marked increase in revenue, with a marked recovery in Māori and Māori ratios. In 2022, real estate operations achieved operating income of R$2.07 billion, with investment of $840 million, no additional start-up area and 123,000 square metres of completion; sales of 87,000 square metres were contracted, with sales of approximately RMB 1.46 billion; and the Māori ratio of real estate operations rose slightly to 16.4 per cent of the company ' s total Māori share.
Property management revenue declined and the Māori share increased steadily. In 2022, the corporate property management business achieved 6.5 per cent; in 163 managed projects, the area covered nearly 16 million square metres, covering air airfields, residential, paper-writing buildings, and other company operations in 2022, which generated $60 million in operating income, mainly from hotel-related operations and Tian Yu's training operations
The company owns five hotels, of which two operate its own: the Henan Hotel, the San Phoenix Airport Liquor Hotel: three are commissioned to manage the Hilton Hotel in Haiguchi, the Fofeng Sheraton Hotel in Suzhou, and the Fung Fong Sheraton Hotel in Joan. The total number of hotels is nearly 2,000. The main operations include guest room services, catering services, conference services, rental of premises, and physical fitness.
On the assumption that 1: airport management operations will benefit from normal travel, airport landings will be repaired to pre-epidemiological levels, and we expect 70% of the total number of aircraft controlled by the company and managed to export nine airports in 2023-2025.
Assumption 2: In duty-free and business operations, the continued heat of duty-free consumption will accelerate the rate of business presence, with rental space corresponding to 49 x, 34 x, 28 x, respectively. We have selected Shanghai and White Cloud airports, which are close to business, as comparable companies, with a comparable average of company-pe in 2023.
The company, as an important participant in the construction of the Hainan Trade Port, will grow steadily after reorganization; it will also take root in the fundamentals of airport management, in conjunction with the development of duty-free commercial property, property management hotel services and deep participation in the construction of the Hainan Trade Port, and will continue to enjoy the benefits of the free trade port policy and the growth of duty-free consumption.
The macroeconomic risks, the willingness of residents to travel again or less than expected, tax-free sales or expectations, etc. No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, for not having done so, or for not having done so, or for having done so as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.