Quality core assets are captured on a roll from the east wind in Hong Kong, and on May 26, 2023, recommenced de-starding caps, state holdings, business transformation focus airports, and tax exemptions.
The restructuring of the claims has resulted in an improvement in the cost of the company, an increase in the cash ratio, a significant reduction in debt service pressure and a return to the 60% debt ratio.
In 2022, the company made a net profit of $1,856 million, mainly from land transfer payments of $2 billion and included non-recurring gains and losses.
The net profit from non-repatriation is $516 million, mainly because airports and tax exemptions are affected by the impact of the epidemic throughout the year. \triangleright harvests, releasing tourism demand + airport expansion is expected to rise.
With the expansion of the terminal, income from non-avigational operations is expected to rise. With the release of the epidemic, the company’s 2023 passenger flow became operational in 2023, 36,000 flights were completed at Phoenix Airport in the first quarter of 2023, 6,195 million passengers were infestations, and flights and passengers were infestations that had reached an all-time high in the quarter since the voyage.
Liu Wenzheng Releases promising aviation business rehabilitation. Tax-free business is an important growth point for companies, and shares + leases share the tax-exempt growth dividend from Hainan Island.
Card core captures the clearing property: Seagate Moon Square under the company's flag and the holding Phoenix Airport are both high-flow locations, collected by providing duty-free operating space for the China-China-Sea-Control-Global Fines-Free City.
Rent, 2023, readjustment of the company ' s rent at the Sun Square with China Free and China-controlled Global Fines, s010522120002 expected to increase further performance; 2) participation in airport duty-free shops: companies through participation in the Meran Airport tax-free shop, Phoenix
In 2023, the Phoenix II exemption project was expected to open, adding 5,000 square metres of tax-free space to the company’s performance. Under the “decontinuing property” strategy, the traditional real estate business was reduced, and there was a positive shift to an empty industry.
\triangleright s01012207030 quality of property management services.
With no additional construction area in 2022, there will be a positive transformation in the future, with a full effort to tap into empty commercial and related industrial chains, focusing on core assets in Hainan Province; and property management performance, robust and stable in the size of the pipeline project, which is expected to raise added value in the future by enhancing the quality of services.
The Hainan Free Trade Port programme covers a wide range of transport, travel, taxation, trade, etc., and is committed to achieving a high degree of ownership of people and goods. We believe that the company’s airport operations are expected to benefit in depth from the flow of passengers and cargo after the construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port.
And with the input of the t3 terminal at Phoenix Airport, it is expected that future passenger throughput will continue on the next step, while the company's core area of card traffic will be deeply involved in duty-free off the island and will be expected to continue to enjoy the tax-free dividends from off the island in the future; and the company's core assets in Hainan will be expected to rely on the future dividends from the port of trade.
Investment proposals: The company is the Hainan Core Infrastructure Operator, which in recent years has been transformed into two major “airport + duty-free” operations, and we believe that the company’s operations are expected to benefit in depth from the development dividend of the Hainan Free Trade Port in the future. Economic downturn; changes in duty-free off-island policies, etc.
1 Hainan Airport: Focusing on “Airports + Tax Exemptions”, Reorganization of Core Port Facility Operators 1.1 History: After two Asset Reorganizations, State Holdings evolved
Henan Airport Facility, Inc. was established in 1993 and placed on the market at Shanghai Stock Exchange on 6 August 2002. After two asset restructurings over the last 30 years, the company has now become the main airport operating service, collaborating in the development of the Hainan Free Commercial Property, Hotel Property Services, etc.
The company's development history is divided into three main components: 1) the business expansion phase (1993-2015): the start-up of real estate and the crossing of the department store.
The company, formerly Hainan First Investors, Inc., was set up jointly by the Izumi Group, Hainankawa Co-operative Trading and Trade Company, Hinangang News and Real Estate Development Co. Ltd., and Hainangang State Real Estate and Phoenix Airport General Company, with the initial involvement in real estate operations. In 1995, it was established as a result of its previous work with Young-goon Hong Kong Ltd. in commodities.
Unsuccessful cooperation in the retail business led the company to start operating independently in the department and to gradually build up its industrial structure in the coming years, with retail trade in goods, tourism and hotels as the main industry, and diversified its operations. 2) After the first asset reorganization (2016-2020): stripping out of the department goods and changing their name to “sealine basis”.
At the end of 2015, Sea Island Construction (the company's predecessor) purchased 100 per cent of the shares of the Maritime Basic Industries Group Ltd. by issuing shares and paying cash, and changed its name to Hainan Shipping on 26 January 2016.
Infrastructure Investment Group, Inc.”. After the company's asset reorganization, it was transformed into one of the country's leading investment developers and operators in infrastructure projects, covering investment and development of various types of property projects, management of the operation of investments in airports, port terminals, public/rail networks, pipelines, energy, integrated transport hubs, etc.
In December 2017, the company changed its name to “Limitated Shares in the Naval Infrastructure Investment Group”, and in 2018, the party center offered to build a China-specific free trade port and to support the development of a free-trade pilot zone on the whole island of Hainan.
This has led to a shift in the company ' s real estate business towards open-air industry, expanding to the first and second-line cities of the country at the same time as the open-air industry. 3) After the second asset restructuring (2021-to-date): the Hainan State Finance Committee became the company ' s real-estate manager.
Accelerating derealization and a firm transition to “airports plus tax exemption” has long been a business model of heavy assets and sustained expansion, with asset-liability ratios at relatively high levels. In 2018, the issue of maritime resource flows became increasingly apparent, and the outbreak of the 2020 epidemic allowed the sea to operate.
In January 2021, the Navy officially declared bankruptcy and reorganization, and the company was divided into four main sections: “Airline”, “Airport”, “Financial”, “Commercial and others” operating independently and introducing strategic investors. In December 2021, the company changed its name to “Hainnan Airport Facility, Inc.”, and
In October 2022, an application for a change of securities, referred to as Hainan Airport, will focus in the future on the two core business lines of the airport and tax exemption, promoting the healthy development of the enterprise.In 2021, the company was reorganized and the Henan Holdings became a strategic investor and controlling shareholder at Hainan Airport, Hainan.
According to the 2022 report, the State Treasury of Hainan is the real owner of the company, holding 22.06% of shares; Henan is the company’s first shareholder, holding 24.51% of shares, and the naval base is the company’s second largest shareholder, holding 19.69% of shares. The other top ten shareholders are mainly banks, trusts, and banks.
1.2 Business Profile: De-mining of Real Estates, Focusing on “Airports + Tax Exemptions” Main Operations of the Corporation are divided into five major sections: Airports, Tax Exemptions, and Commerce, Property, Property, Other Business (Hotel Flight Training, etc.), as follows:
1) Airport operations: Company participation, management of 11 airports. The company's airport operations are divided mainly into aviation operations and non-aviation operations, which refer to basic operations directly linked to aircraft, passenger and cargo services, such as the provision of transit and ground transport uniforms for domestic and international air transport enterprises, transit and trans-shipment passengers
The company’s tax-exempt income from Phoenix Airport and the return on investment are included in the airport’s income.
Tax-exempt and commercial operations: mainly operated by the company’s subsidiary, Sea Island, with income derived mainly from rental income from the rental of premises and investment income from equity participation. 1 Rent income: operating Seagate Moon Square to collect rent-free operator’s space rental costs; 2 Investment proceeds: through participation in the American Airport tax-free shop at Seaport, Hainan
Investment gains from tax-free operations in the sea. 3) Real estate operations: mainly management, rental and sale of real estate, mainly operated by the Outer Islands subsidiary. After the completion of the second reorganization, the company is moving towards “derealization.”
By 2022, the company was still in the process of building and storing hundreds of millions of dollars in land, including the Haoting series, the Hainan Centre, the Haiyan State Building project, and so on. The company's investment in real estate ended with a balance of approximately 13,541 million dollars, including Seagate Moon Square, Hainan Building, Sea Navigation Building, Sea Control State.
International squares, etc., mainly for holding rentals. 4) Property business: focuses on aviation airport industrial parks, government enterprises, residential commercial writing buildings, etc. The number of buildings currently stands at 163, with approximately 16 million m2 under management.
5) Other operations: mainly hotel and flight training. 1 hotel business: the company owns two hotels for the Henan Hostel Hotel, Phoenix Airport Hotel; entrusted with the management of three hotels, one on a monthly trial basis. 2 flight training services: more than 40 Tian Hae cooperating clients, with a total simulation machine training agreement.
Over 135,000 hours, according to the organizational structure of the company, the subsidiaries are assigned to their functions, covering airports, tax exemptions, property management, etc. Following the restructuring of the “de propertyization” project, the company operates independently through the participating companies and is prepared to do so.
The business includes airports, tax exemptions and commercial, property management, real estate, other business such as air training, hotels, etc. Gradual progress has been made towards de-realization, focusing on “airports + tax exemption.” In recent years, companies have been shrinking their real estate operations,
As a result of the withdrawal of the project management business, real estate revenue and income from the project management business have declined significantly, with the contribution of major income falling from 62.8% in 2019 to 24.82% in 2021, and the sale of stock property rising to 44.11% in 2022 without any new openings.
Revenues from the main tax industry, both of which have risen steadily, from 21.2 per cent in 2019 to 1.3 financial overviews: re-engineering is beginning to take shape, assets are better structured and profitability is steadily restored
With business transformation combined with the impact of the epidemic, the company's recovery has returned to positive growth after the reorganization, and the net profit of the mother has been rising steadily. Corporate business earnings were stable in 2017-2019, with the company gradually shrinking its real estate operations and compounding the effects of the epidemic, and the company's business earnings were falling in 2020/2011 on a year-on-year basis.
At the profit end, affected by high financial costs, credit impairments and asset impairments, the company began to lose profits in 2019, with a loss of $7,737 million in 2020, coupled with the company ' s completion of restructuring and debt arrangements, $1 billion in public revenue, under the influence of the non-recurring gain and loss of land concessions in 2022, with the company realizing a net return to the mother.
The financial liquidity problem was solved, with a “v-type” rebound of profitability. The company’s Māori sales rate remained at over 30% for a long time, net sales interest rates fell significantly in 2020 due to high financial cost rates, and “deep v” rebounded after asset reorganization was completed in 2021.
Land concessions and related charges were reversed to recognize an out-of-service income of $20 billion, thereby increasing net gains. Figure 8: Corporate Māori ratios and net interest rates, 2017-2022.
And long-term expansion. In the context of the impact of the epidemic economy, the corporate asset-liability ratio rose to one year in 2020, with the company and twenty subsidiaries going bankrupt, paying off some of their shares to creditors, debt-to-equity transfers to strategic investments and replenishments of cash flows, leaving the debt to be repaid over a 10-year period; after the restructuring was completed, the company capital was 2022 years old.
In addition, the company optimized its cash flow, including through the South China Sea stock transfer and strategic investment, and its cash ratio has increased significantly and liquidity has increased over the past two years.2 Airport operations: Phoenix Airport is a core asset with clear growth logic
The company’s airport operations are mainly classified as aviation and non-aviation operations. Aviation operations are defined as basic operations directly linked to aircraft, passenger and cargo services, including the provision of port and ground transport services to domestic and international air transport enterprises, transit and trans-shipment passengers, etc.; and other similar extended duty-free businesses, tax-based businesses, advertising, etc.
There are 11 airports under the company’s flag, including 7 airports, 2 airports under its control, and 2 airports under its control for the export of 2 airports.
(86.48%), Tangshan San women's river airport (44.60%), Kano Nanjing airport (86.48%), Kambang Clan (51.89%) and Manchurian Rixi sub-air airport (57.94%), in which Junhai Bojong airport was entrusted with the management and management of the affiliated Fang Bojong airport. In addition, the company participated in two airports through its subsidiaries: Ichang San Gorge airport, East
Camp Victory Airport, which manages the export of two airports: Lake Chagan Airport in Matsuhara (77.83 per cent), Sunsha Yongchen Airport (86.48 per cent).
The airport operations are expected to return to normal in 2020 due to the impact of the epidemic, the company ' s airport operations revenue fell by 25,46 per cent from the previous year, the recovery from the 2021 trip has recovered to a contraction in 2022 due to the policy of tightening the country ' s airport operations, and the airport operations revenue for the entire year 2022.
1044 million yuan, reflecting a decrease of 33.95 per cent over the same period, and 73.9 million flights, 951 operating income, respectively, are expected to be gradually restored to 2019 levels. Non-aerial operations, such as tax exemption, have increased at the profit end, and the overall Māori ratio of corporate airport operations has steadily increased.
The Māori rate, which was more restricted by year-round travel in 2022, has declined significantly. The percentage of non-aerial operations has increased significantly since 2020, mainly from 45.3% of the company ' s total airport revenue in 2020, up from 39.09% of the total airport operation during the same period, mainly due to Phoenix machines.
In 2022, the Māori rate for the company as a whole was 1.99 per cent, mainly due to the impact of year-round epidemic control on passenger traffic.
San Phoenix Airport is the company’s core airport and contributes to the company’s main collection of airport operations. Phoenix International Airport has two air terminal buildings, t1 (in China), t2 (in Hong Kong and Hong Kong) totalling 105,000 square metres, of which the t1 terminal was launched in November 2006 and has a design capacity of 6 million; t2 voyages
In September 2018, the station became operational. Phoenix Airport was the company’s core airport. Between 2017 and 2020, Phoenix Airport contributed more than 78% to the company’s revenue. In 2022, Phoenix Airport earned 938 million yuan in operating revenue, compared to 89.83% of the airport’s operating budget.
The year 2022 was restricted to travel throughout the year, and business indicators fell and the first quarter of 2023 opened. In 2022, the number of aircraft landings/passengers amounted to 7.65 million, compared to 34.1 per cent/42.8 per cent and a return to 62.20 per cent/47.18 per cent in 2019.
Optimization, with the Sanya Aeronautical Tourism Market returning rapidly, the first quarter of 2023, Phoenix Airport arrived at “100.54 per cent a year”. Figure 19: Phoenix Airport receipts as a percentage of the company's overall airport revenue
(Note: Phoenix Airport revenue includes aviation and exemption figure 21: Phoenix Airport passenger throughput (millions of times) The opening and expansion project is expected to open up further overall growth space.
Revenue from international airport operations grew steadily, reaching 9.51%, of which air operations accounted for 50% or more. In 2021, the first phase of duty-free stores at Phoenix Airport opened, and tax-free operations have since become important for Phoenix Airport, with a total of about 5,000 square metres, and we are expected to open in 2023. We believe that the second phase of tax-exempt projects has landed.
It is expected that the ratio of tax-free non-avigational operations in airport operations will be further enhanced. Open space for Phoenix Airport growth. In addition, tax-free operations will help raise the overall profitability of Phoenix Airport.
Figure 22: q1 phoenix airport revenue structure, 2015-2020
2.2 Other airports: Active expansion, expected to be phased out, except Phoenix International Airport, which has a smaller capacity to participate in the control and management of other airports and a smaller revenue stream. Revenue from airports other than Phoenix Airport increased steadily in 2017-2019 and was affected by the epidemic.
Figure 26: Hae-nan Airport Holdings and other airports managing the airport, except Phoenix Airport, revenue (billions) and percentage (%) from 2017 to 2020, according to several major airports: Joan Hae-Jeung Airport was officially launched on 17 March 2016, and the airport was expanded in March 2017 in phase II.
The completion of the project, 12 km from the city of Jonglei and 15 km from the International Conference Centre, is a priority package for the Bojong Asia Forum. According to the Chinese civil airport network, the number of passengers and mail tolls increased from 2019 to 2021 to 2022, even during the outbreak period.
The air terminal at An Qing Tianhu airport has an area of 13928 square metres, with 4 boarding galleries bridges and 6 class C aircraft on the civil air terminal, with runways of 2,800 metres long and 50 metres wide. The passenger traffic at An Qing Tian Chu airport was more affected by the epidemic, with 59.29/43.15/59. 65/291 million passengers in 2019/2021/2022.
However, on 16 June 2022, the conversion of Anqing Tianhu airport was accepted through the industry, and on 18 July, the T2 terminal at Anqing Tian Chu airport was inaugurated to accommodate the annual demand for 1.3 million passengers, 5,500 tons of mail and aircraft flights.
On March 13, 2021, the construction of the t2 terminal was officially launched.
On 4 April 2023, Tangshan Airport opened its first “Foshan-Tangshan” route. 19182 square metres of the airport terminal at Nanjing, Kwanya, with a boarding gallery bridge; 34,000 square metres of the civil aviation platform, with 6 civil aviation positions, of which 2 category D and 4 category C aircraft; and the runway master
The number of passengers tolls increased during the epidemic, with a significant increase in 2021, but the impact of the outbreak ' s wind-controlled policies declined considerably in 2022. In 2022, 13.47 million passengers boarded the galleries bridge; 6 class C seats on the civil aviation grounds; the runway was 2,500 metres long and 45 metres wide.
In 2021, airport passenger throughput recovered, and in 2021/2022, passenger throughput amounted to 15.15/8.5 million seats, of which 3 were on the ramp; the runway was 2,800 metres long and 45 metres wide; it covered the annual demand for 2 million passengers throughput. In 2022, air traffic at Lixi Airport in Manchuria was 90,395 passengers.
Next, 63.2 per cent less than the same year, 53.6 tons of completed mail and mail traffic, 80.1 per cent lower than the same year, and 1216 aircraft flights, 56.6 per cent lower than the same year.
2.3 Passenger flow rehabilitation and airport expansion are expected to lead to new arrivals, and we believe that, in the context of the liberalization of the epidemic and the continued expansion of Phoenix and Bozo airports, the company’s operations are expected to rise further.
The first quarter of 2023, when the outbreak was lifted, was well repaired, flights and travels were on a record high, air operations were expected to resume well, and non-aeronautical operations, such as tax-free operations, were initiated. 3869.5/8183.9/88946,000 passengers at the national airport in January/February of that year.
Of this total, 30.8 per cent/+34.0 per cent/+37.4 per cent resulted in the cumulative completion of flights at Phoenix Airport in the first quarter of 2023, 36,000 flights were flown down, 6,195 million passengers towed, more than 2 million passengers towed each month, and flights landed at an all-time high in the quarter since the voyage, and we believe that the policy of the epidemic has been liberalized.
When Phoenix and Boone airports were expanded, new capacity was released to open up room for rising performance. Phoenix airport: T1 terminal, t2 terminal, VIP terminal, cargo terminal, July 2022
Renovation and expansion of operational premises and equipment for associated inspection facilities. In order to reduce production security pressures and further improve airport safety and security, Phoenix Airport will focus on the t3 terminal and accompanying projects, which are expected to start in 2023, and the t3 terminal and accompanying project will be completed in 2023.
There will be an overall increase in production support capacity, and overall passenger traffic will be raised to 27-30 million times per year.
The third phase of the expansion of Bojo Airport began at the end of 2022, and the third phase consisted mainly of a 35,000 square metre domestic terminal and a 10,000 square metre international terminal, which is expected to guarantee the flow of passengers 5 million times/year.
100,000 square metres of air space, additional pre-station parking lots, air terminal high bridges and other supporting infrastructure.3 Tax-free operations: participation in stock-sharing + site lease, building company-critical tax-free operations are the company ' s core business and the company ' s main growth point in the future, mainly subsidiary islanders
Companies are involved in tax-exempt operations in two main forms, one for equity participation and the other for rental of premises for their own property. Tax-exempt operations in the form of equity participation include 49% (exempt from the island), 49% (exempt from the island) and 49% (exempt from the island), and sea.
50% exemption from the South China Sea (port duty exemption); tax-free operations in the form of rental of premises provided by the self-held property industry include: the Seagate Sun Square tax-free shop; the Sea Control Global Fine (Seagate) tax-free city; the Phoenix Airport lift point; the Seagate Moon Square back to the island point; and the Boone Airport lift point.
The rest of the tax-exempt revenue is included in the tax-exempt and commercial operations of the company, which covers approximately 14 per cent of the island ' s tax-exempt area. In 2022, the company ' s global conservatory (Seaport) duty-free city was leased with an additional 0.46 million square metres and the Phoenix airport duty-free shop with an additional 0.1 million square metres.
At the end of 2022, the company as a whole was renting 7.19 million square metres free of duty, including 5.4 million square metres of space leased by its own property, 17.9 million square metres leased by the equity investment company, and approximately 500,000 square metres of duty-free land and 14 per cent of duty-free space operated by the company as a whole.
3.1 Phoenix Airport tax-free: second phase tax-free and t3 air terminal expansion open for tax-free growth, and Phoenix Airport tax-free shop opened on 30 December 2020 through rental of premises and equity participation.
Contribution to profits. The company’s subsidiary Phoenix Airport has an equity interest (49%) in and benefits from investment in the rental of the premises in question. 1) Rental income: currently, the Phoenix Airport Free Shop is open in one phase and in three phases, operating in separate areas.
(b) Investment returns: companies are required to make a yearly payment to companies of a concession fee for 800 to 1,000 square metres and rent due to point of delivery in the course of their operations;
In the statements, the income and investment gains corresponding to the duty-free shop at Phoenix Airport are not included in the tax-free and commercial business category, and are combined in the company ' s airport operations. Figure 30: Free tax-free shop investment earnings for 2021-2022 (single)
The impact of the size of the area restrictions has not been fully realized, and the size and profitability of the phoenix duty-free shop is currently relatively low. This compares with the traffic of passengers at Hainan, Phoenix and Meran airports, but the net interest rate gap between Phoenix and Milan's duty-free shop is large at the level of duty-free operations.
In 2021, when the control of the epidemic was more relaxed, the net interest rate was 2.06 per cent at Phoenix Airport and 13.13 per cent at Meran Airport; in comparison with the area in which they operate, the total size of the Meran Airport Free Shops t1 and t2 is 17.9 million square metres, and the Phoenix Free Shop is only 800 square metres (not taking into account 2022).
In our view, the net interest rate gap is mainly related to the small size of Phoenix Airport’s tax-free shop, which has resulted in a limited number of accommodations and a low number of visitors’ time to enter the shop without having a scale effect. The second tax-free project and the expansion of the t3 terminal are expected to open up further tax-free growth of Phoenix Airport after completion of the second tax-free project and the expansion of the t3 terminal.
The free shop at Phoenix Airport is the owner of the free shop at Phoenix Airport, which is planned to operate approximately 6800 m2, with one of the first editions of the free shop running approximately 800 m2 and the opening of three free shops 1,000 m2 in December 2022, and the opening of a two-phase French garden free complex about 5,000 m2 in the future.
With the launch of the second phase of the tax-exempt project, the size of the tax-free operation at Phoenix Airport will increase effectively, and the impact is expected to increase further the investment and rental income associated with the tax-exempt operation at Phoenix Airport, which has now completed the licensing, recruitment and renovation of the tax-exempt phase II.
In addition, the company is moving forward with the construction of the t3 terminal, which is expected to start in 2023. In the long run, it is expected that the t3 terminal will be able to increase the tax-free area and raise the tax-free revenue of Phoenix Airport, thereby increasing the company’s exemption.
Based on our fleximetric assumptions: 1) assuming that following the construction and operation of the t3 terminal in 2025, the number of passengers at Phoenix Airport reached 27 million; 2) the passenger unit price was $2,800; 3) we assumed a conversion rate of 10 per cent by reference to the Melanes airport conversion rate; 4) we assumed it by reference to the Melanes airport withholding rate.
At Phoenix Airport, the withholding rate was 15 per cent and the tax rate was 15 per cent; in 2025, Phoenix Airport tax-free shop revenue was estimated at $3.780 billion, contributing an estimated $185 million in investment earnings and $567 million in rental income.
The site was expanded to open up a growth space, participating in the Merland Airport tax-free shop, which contributes to the company’s main profits from investment earnings.
It is located in the area of isolation of the airport terminal at Merland, Haiguchi, which is operated jointly by East Street, Middle Street, West Street, Hainan Airport and China, with 49 per cent of its subsidiaries, Sea Island, commercial participation units. Tax-free shops operate 45 types of duty-free goods approved by the state and covering more than 300 internationally recognized goods, using two business models: on- and below-the-line.
High-end branding. In terms of business performance, revenue from a tax-free airport at Merland Seaport in 2020/2011/2022 was 38.66/45.30/2232 million, benefiting from a lower deduction rate, with net corporate interest rate of 38.65.30/1232 million.
The share of the market and the net interest rate of the company fell in 2021 as a result of the increased tax-free competition on Hainan Island and the impact of the epidemic. With the tax-free China Island, the tax-free city of Sanya Brigade International, the tax-free market at Sea Free Day Square, and the tax-free shop at Sea Free Day Square, the tax-free market for the company's share of the company's interest rate were gradually liberalized.
The company ' s share of the market has been hit in recent years by the opening of the Air, Sea and Air Global Expeditions Free City, and, in terms of shopping numbers and transformation rates, the airport has grown in shopping numbers since 2017 and has been transformed.
The construction and operation of the T2 terminal at Merland Airport, which is expected to meet 35 million passengers per year after completion, with an additional tax-free area of 9313 m2 and a combined tax-free area of 17944 m2 for T1 and t2 Airports, will, in our view, be effective in upgrading the tax-free airport at Seaports through the expansion of the terminal and the additional duty-free space.
After the expansion of this t2 terminal, it is expected to reach 35 million passengers by 2025.
Second, the additional duty-free space would allow for an effective transformation of the new passenger flow, and the return on investment from the Melanes Airport tax-free shop at Haiguchi could be expected to increase further. According to our assumptions, assuming that the T2 terminal will gradually reach production in 2025, the airport as a whole would be travelling to the airport.
Thirty-five million throughputs, with the new tax-free shop in the t2 terminal and the abundance of the brand matrix, the conversion rate has risen steadily to 18 per cent, the unit price has risen to $3,600, and we expect a 14.2 per cent net interest rate leave at the US$ 789 million investment return in 2025.
3.3 Seagate Sun Square: Card Core, re-arranged rent agreements are expected to hold the company’s high-quality property Seagate Moon Square core, which will provide rent-free operating space for Sea Control’s Global Precious City and China.
The provincial capital, Cbd, is located at the heart of the landscape, with a total of 480,000 square metres of construction and 250,000 square metres of commercial space. It is the largest commercial, commercial, cultural, tourist-based, one-stop commercial complex in Hainan province.
Two duty-free stores in the city provide operating space and charge rents. In line with market changes, the rent deduction rate for the world’s fine-free stores has been reduced.
A supplementary agreement to adjust the contract for the rental of the gate in the Moon Square, signed by the Global Exchequer (Seaport) City, changed the monthly turnover from 8 per cent to 3 per cent, on the basis of maintaining the annual base rent of 48 million constants, and related to the category of goods other than 3c digital products such as apples.
On 22 March, the company issued a notice stating that the controlling subsidiary, Sea Island Business, had entered into a lease agreement with the Sea Free on 20 March 2023: $60 million per unit per month for the period from 1 November 2021 to 30 April 2022, $75 million per year for the base rent, and a separate agreement between the parties on the operating income from 2024 to the end of 2025.
We believe that the adjustment of fixed rents to floating rents, linked to the sale of tax-free stores in the Moon Square will effectively increase the company’s rent level, which will have a positive impact on its performance in the coming years. In 2022, the global clean-up city will become fully operational, with additional tax-free rental space.
0.46 million square metres, with a significant increase in rents to 5.4,278 million dollars for the Global Exony Free City, and 39,2021-2022, for the Global Fine Free City and the General Sun Free Moon Square, 4 real estate and property: de-escalating traditional real estate operations and transforming them into empty spaces
4.1 Real estate operations: from the trade port policy dividend, from the China-South core estate to the re-engineering of 4.1.1 stocks of real estate, equity transfers to return to the mother's profit of 2 billion, and from the company's promotion of “de-realization” to optimize the asset structure.
Changed from Hainan Maritime Infrastructure Investment Group Ltd. to Naval Infrastructure Investment Group Ltd., layout “decontinuing” to promote the restructuring of traditional real estate to respond to the requirements of real estate market regulation and the development of long-term housing markets.
The situation and the pressure of corporate bankruptcy to reshuffle real estate revenues, which fell by 70.88% over the same year, fell to 23 reserve projects, covering more than 6,000 acres.
The Centre and others actively promote the sale of inventory property, the development of the Great Britain and the British mountain region, the management of the operational and investment sites, the gradual gathering of vacant industries, the exploitation of commercial and industrial links and the creation of synergies. The company is currently actively promoting the optimization of asset structures, the development of the North Atlantic Free Trade Area (Hyonan Free Trade Area) and the improvement of its own airport resources.
In order to enrich the structure of the off-site industry, air access has been gradually expanded to the country’s second-line cities, covering several provinces and cities, including Tianjin, Shanghai, Wuhan, and air bases.
In the future, the company will consolidate and expand the construction, actively plan for the landing of the Melanes and Tianjin industrial parks, develop a platform to support the development of the vacant industries, and promote the improvement of the upstream and downstream food and freight chains, in accordance with the guidelines.
Figure 43: Completion area (in millions of square metres) Transfer of equity in Gold Bay Investment Development Co. Ltd., yielding gains from land concessions and associated costs
Two billion yuan. In late 2019, and in 2020, the Board of Directors and the Interim Shareholder Conference considered the transfer of 100% of the shares of Hainam Gold Gulf Investment Development Corporation through companies, with a transfer price of 10,132 million dollars, to be used for the company’s own operations, for reasons of real estate restructuring, high asset-liability rates, and investment returns on Myeongju Island in the South China Sea.
On 27 September 2019, the company received a letter from the Government on the payment of two instalments of land concessions and related taxes on Mingju Island in the South China Sea. The sum of 625 million yuan was due for land concessions, deed taxes and stamp duties on Mingju Island in the South China Sea. Under the equity transfer agreement, the cost was borne by the company.
The company carefully estimated potential land concessions of 2,448 million yuan and tax fees of 182 million yuan, which were deducted from the previous year’s profit statement. According to the 2022 annual report, the yield was 2 billion yuan after the land concessions and taxes were actually washed back.
4.1.2 The core assets, Zagen Hainan, are protected by the advantages of the port of trade. The company's real estate assets are concentrated in Hainan Province, covering priority cities such as Haiguchi and Sanya, with several offices and commercial areas of radiation. In 2022, 96.86 per cent of the land output was leased and 83.13 per cent of the land output was leased from Hainan.
In 2022, China could sell 83.44 per cent of the company’s total area, with the sea mouth accounting for 94.53 per cent of the province’s total.
Figure 45: Composition of the area of rental land area: Figure 46: Composition of the area of marketable property: Figure 47: Composition of the area of marketable land area of South Sea: 2022
Under the Hainan Free Trade Port Building Master Plan, the Hainan Free Trade Port will accelerate its landing, with the goal of achieving island-wide closure by 2025. Hainan Province’s new policy framework covers a new policy of duty-free off-island and duty-free processing value-added.
Reforms to encourage business types to pay 15% of corporate income tax; introduction of up to 15% of personal income tax for high-end, scarce talent.
Real estate sales, which led to an increase in the tourism rebound in Hainan following the outbreak, increased rental income from hotel apartments, office writing buildings, businesses and complexes. 4.2 Property business: strengthening the reputation of the Pipeline Service to tap future profit potential.
Property performance has steadily improved, service quality has been enhanced and brand benefits have been enhanced. In 2022, property collection was stable. There are currently 163 corporate property management projects with an area of approximately 16 million m2, covering aviation, airport industrial parks, government enterprises, residential commercial writing buildings, catering, public services, etc. 2022.
During the year, corporate property management won 30th place in the “2022 China Property Services 100th Company,” with the goal of creating efficient and convenient property management services, creating a system-wide management system, strengthening branding and increasing market ownership. With the development of the Hong Kong Free Trade Zone, future property revenues are expected to be secured.
Relatively stable, within three to five years, the company has “derealized” its assets, with a renewed asset structure and a shift in its future business focus from traditional properties to empty industries.
In addition, property management operations can benefit from self-trade policy dividends, and commercial property charges are higher than residential levels, and companies are expected to obtain relatively high Māori rates in business, writing buildings, complexes, etc., to scale up corporate property management projects and to provide a driving force for performance growth.
5 A TPDP is expected to provide a multi-dimensional capacity for the development of Hainan Airports, with 5.1 Hainan Free Trade Ports policy, with tourism traffic and taxation optimized to two major levels. The Hainan Free Trade Ports General Construction Programme was launched to chart the way forward for the development of the TPKs in 2020.
In June of this year, the Hainan Free Trade Port General Construction Programme was launched, covering trade, investment, cross-border financial flows, the introduction of talent, modern industrial development, taxation, and regulatory controls. It is consistent with Hainan’s orientation, highlighting innovation for reform, with the objective of building a system that is free of trade and investment at the beginning of 2025.
In 2035, it matured its system to provide freedom in many ways, eventually building high-level free trade ports throughout the century. Policies focused on liberalization of trade and investment, guaranteeing the safe and easy movement of all factors and people across borders, and improving modern industries, including tourism traffic, with special tax security.
Tourism traffic and taxation form an important part of the construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port. The programme calls for the development of modern industries, such as tourism, to increase competitiveness in order to strengthen the real economy.
Consumer centres, which guarantee ecological and green development, strengthen tourism and cultural education, healthy old-age education, and develop niche tourism industrial parks. On the other hand, tourism transport is being developed to speed up the construction of the Sanya International Cruise Mother Port to attract international cruise ship registration, and pilot areas for the yacht industry are being set up to increase shipping development.
With the island’s customs clearance operation, the tax system has been simplified so that certain goods are exempt from duty; compliance enterprises and individuals enjoy income tax benefits; and tax risk identification has been strengthened and regulation has been put in place to guard against “tax havens.”
Strong rule of law: management sets simple and easy standards, enhances risk identification, and protects against “tax havens.” Strengthening corporate and individual credit management Phased: step-by-step tax arrangements leading to an internationally competitive tax system. Data security: a prerequisite for secure data flows, expanding access to communication resources and basic telecommunications, and building an international Internet data interactive pilot.
Building the rule of law: The Hainan Free Trade Ports Act is based on local regulations and commercial dispute resolution mechanisms as important components. Social governance: reform and functional transformation of government institutions, modernization of governance capacity, informationization, shared governance; innovative eco-civilization systems; risk management: targeted measures to address major risks in the areas of trade, investment, finance, data flows, ecology and public health.
5.2 Free movement of people and trade opens up space for airport operations, and free movement of people and goods is expected to contribute significantly to the upgrading of passenger and cargo traffic in Hainan. According to the General Programme for the Construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port, by 2035, the system and mode of operation of the free trade port system will be more efficient.
Grown-up rules for trade and investment, characterized by free, fair, rule of law and high-level process regulation, are basically based on free trade facilitation, free investment facilitation, free movement of cross-border financial flows, free movement of persons, free movement of persons, free movement of goods, and safe and orderly movement of data. We believe that freedom of movement of persons and goods is extremely high.
In the future, Hainan will continue to strengthen air, shipping and combined transport hubs to meet the passenger and cargo load. 1) Air hub construction: accelerate the advancement of San Asia.
In the lead-up to the airport project, work was initiated on the construction of the 14th Five-Year Plan; the deep-drawn Phoenix Airport operational security capability; the third phase of the expansion of the airport was promoted; the pre-construction of the airport in Chenzhou was accelerated and the market was introduced; the construction of the cargo airport in Orient was advanced and the expansion of the airport in Jonglei was implemented; and the airport system was improved.
At the heart of the Melanes airport is the construction of a provincial integrated transport hub, connecting highways, high-speed railways, urban orbital traffic, etc.) The shipping hub: the port of Yopo is the international container hub, the port of Harbour is the main national port, the port of Sanya, the port of 8 ports, the port of Wenchan and the port of Sansha are important ports in the region, Joan
Ports, mausoleums, Vanning, Peaks, Ledong, Luangzhou and Changjiang ports are part of the ordinary port structure. 3) Integrated transport hub construction: integrated transport hub building, based on the Seaguchi, Sanya national integrated hub, inter alia, Youra, Wenchang, Jonglei, Orientale, Chuan, Sansha, etc.
In addition, the Civil Aviation Authority has set up a programme to open the Seventh Seaway to promote the development of the Hainan Island air hub and provide transport security for the development of tourism and modern services in Hainan Island.
The Trade Port “Preliminary Open Seventh Right” developed the Hainan Free Trade Port Pilot Open Seventh Right Application, which aims to produce early harvests by 2025, to achieve five full “freedom facilities” by 2035, and to achieve a full-scale high-level free trade port with greater international influence by mid-century.
It means the right to transport in a third country in its entirety, meaning the right of a State's airlines to operate a separate route entirely outside its own territory and to transport passengers and cargo between the two countries abroad.
With the completion of the construction, the flow of passengers and cargo has increased significantly, and with the input of the phoenix airport t3 terminal, it is expected that future passengers will continue to absorb the rising flow of passengers on the upper steps.
In April 2011, in order to implement the strategy of building an international tourist island in Hainan, the country introduced its first duty-free island off the island.
After a number of liberalizations, by July 2020, each person could buy up to $100,000 a year, a variety of up to 45 categories, and the way out of the island included air, air, train, ship. In April 2023, tax-free shopping was guaranteed, either by purchase or by purchase, to meet the needs of tourists, even if the consumption was reduced.
Since the significant liberalization of the 2020 policy, the size of the off-island duty-free market has increased significantly, from $27,480 million in 2020 to 103.71% in the same year. The South China airport has followed opportunities to share tax-free growth dividends from off-island activities.
According to the June 2020 Proclamation on the Policy on Free Trade for Passengers from the Islands, operators eligible for duty-free goods are exempt from the relevant coasts. In July 2020, by market-based means, Hainan identified five new subjects.
At the end of 2022, Hainan had seven operators in duty-free offshore operations, including China Free, Sea Free, Sea Control Free, Hainan Brigade, Shenzhen Free, China Expatriate Services Ltd., and Wang Dynasty Well. For Hainan Airport, on the one hand, participation in Phoenix and Milan Airport was eliminated.
Tax shops, exclusive access to airport passenger flows, combined with tax-exempt concession rents from high-quality properties, multidimensional participation in off-island duty-free operations and, to some extent, avoidance of an increasingly intense pattern of tax-free competition.6 Prospective earnings and investment proposals
6.1 The profit scenario is split from business The company is the Hainan Core Infrastructure Operator, which in recent years has been transformed into two major “airport + duty-free” core operations, and we believe that the future of the company's operations is expected to benefit in depth from the development dividend of the Hainan Free Trade Port.
1) Airport operations: The company’s airport operations are divided mainly into aviation and non-aviation revenues.
We believe that with the launch of the second phase of the tax-exempt project, the company’s non-aviation revenues are expected to increase further. Overall, the company’s revenues from airport operations have increased at a rate of 105/23 per cent/11 per cent, corresponding to 2 per cent, tax-exempt and commercial: tax-exempt and commercial operations are mainly tax-exempt rental income and tax-linked commercial rents.
In addition to the operationalization of the T2 terminal at Merland Airport, the expansion of the French-style garden at Phoenix Airport, the gradual rehabilitation of the passenger flow and the adjustment of the rental rates of the two tax-free shops at the Plaza de Soleil, which we consider tax-free and commercial 5) other operations: mainly flying training and hotel operations, which are currently relatively low and non-privileged, I
At the cost end, we believe that the cost of corporate sales is expected to increase slightly with the opening of the new tax-exempt project, but we have chosen Shanghai Airport, White Cloud Airport, which is an airport with tax-exempt operations, as a comparable company with a company airport and tax-exempt operations, while we have selected the merchant snakes and Paulie as a comparable company with a company ' s real estate business.
Real estate business: the company has a certain real estate business under its flag, with a projected revenue of 2,384 million yuan in 2023. For profit-making reasons, we refer to comparative company Paulie development and offer comparison with company pb data in Table 15: Comparable company pb
Airports + tax-exempt and other operations (except property): the company owns a number of airports and operates the corresponding duty-free operations on the basis of the airport. In 2023, the company ' s airport tax-exempt plates are expected to total $4.014 billion, with a corresponding profit on surplus operations other than real estate operations, assuming a 10 per cent net interest rate on real estate operations, if reference is made to its peers
For $722 million, the average value of the comparable company Shanghai Airport and White Cloud Airport is 50 x, and we use the comparable company averagepe valuation, which is expected to be $36.1 billion in 2023 for this portion of the operation. With the arrival of the airport expansion and the second phase of the Phoenix Airport tax-exempt project, it is expected that the company’s important growth points will be constructed in the future.
The company, which is a core infrastructure operator in Hainan, owns Phoenix Airport and high-quality property such as the Moon Square, and has been reorganised as a “airport + duty-free” operation, is expected to benefit in depth from Hainan's development of the port and tax-free exit from the island.
2) There is a lower than expected risk of construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port. Companies benefit from the construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port, which, for objective reasons, is less likely to affect their development.
3. Risks of a macroeconomic downturn. Macroeconomic contraction can have a negative impact on the company’s operations. 4) Risk of changes in tax-exit policies.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to the conclusions of the study, which are presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, either for, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in the present report.