Shanghai Medicines (601607) Medical biology q4 accelerated recovery, pharmaceutical industry solidified South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Billion yuan (+ 10.2%) and net profit from non-contribution to the mother $3.82 billion (+ 10.4%). q4 income grew by 12%, q4 net return to the mother increased by 31%, and performance showed a trend towards accelerated recovery on a seasonal basis.
16,170 million yuan (+3.12 per cent), resulting in a profit of 2.51 billion yuan (+13.2 per cent). 1) The National General Generation, which was introduced into 17 import-generation varieties, was introduced in four quarters, including: Occidental (Senegimin drop-in) and Anjiyo (Vydorbill resistance). The export of vaccines generated sales revenue of $5.23 billion (+53.2 per cent).
2) Internet +: The total amount of financing for the health of the drug cloud b-round is RMB 1.03 billion, has been connected to 232 hospitals, invested in the health of magnesium payment companies, completed 1 billion yuan b-round financing for the closed environment model “Internet + Medical + Drugs + Risk”.
• The pharmaceutical industry: Propulsion preparations are compatible with raw materials, and the field of biopharmaceuticals and high-end preparations is arranged. 1) The pharmaceutical industry is integrated into the production process: development of high-end preparations and improved drugs is carried out jointly with a new joint venture in the medicine industry in Kyushu, Zhejiang; and the supply of raw materials is guaranteed in close collaboration with the advanced strategy of the supplier of high-quality upstream raw materials. 2)
Biopharmaceuticals and high-end preparations: Shanghai Biopharmaceuticals Industry Base focuses on therapeutic antibodies, cell therapy, foundational therapy, microecological innovations, etc., expected to be completed in 2023; Shanghai Medicine and Bosan Medicines Gardens, mainly innovative medicines, improved new pharmaceutical formulation products, to be built up as national leaders, international leaders
In addition, the company has created 200 million doses of vaccine production for the production of the disease of Concino, and has increased research and development inputs, with innovative medicines on the verge of harvesting. In 2020, research and development investment amounted to $1.97 billion, representing 8.3 per cent of industrial sales revenues. i001 (“sph 3127”) was used to treat low- and medium-prevalence levels.
Blood pressure, initiation of clinical iii period trials. i001-b (“sph3127”) initiation of ulcer colonitis clinical ("Injection with recombinant recombinant monoclonal antibodies - mcc-dm1 co-agents") Clinical lycium (Shanghai medicine (601607); multi-profit commercial development.
Tests. Three of the cytotherapy tubes are in the pre-clinic phase. In addition, Innovative diseases have been involved.
Shanghai Medicines (601607): Short-term performance is affected by the epidemic, with equity incentives injected into growth dynamics 11 times, 9 times, and 8 times.
3. Shanghai Medicines (601607). Industrial and commercial panels increase in volume, while the pharmaceutical industry wins core competitiveness in generic pharmaceuticals with guaranteed raw materials and production capacity.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.