Tungwei shares (600438.sh) are strong, and the acquisition of Yuyang to improve integration continues to increase the size of the multi-crystal silicon, with the full cost and quality leading.
High-purity crystal silicon sales, 22,89 million tons, +28.82% of the year, with more than 25% of the world’s cities and the world’s largest production in a row of years. The company Yunnan’s 200,000 tons of polysilicon project passed in May.
In addition, in August, the company announced plans to acquire Yanyang ' s shares (with a large number of shares)
2. " Tonway Stock Company Ratings: Silicon completes pressure tests, profitability of 130,000 tons of alpha crystal silicon capacity) is not less than 51% of the stock, and the market is expected to increase further after the acquisition of the company ' s multiple crystalline silicon chain.
In the context of the rise, the combined electricity consumption has been reduced to below 50 degrees, and the costs have kept the industry in the lead. In the second season, the price of multi-crystal silicon has fallen rapidly below the industry-wide cost line, and in the context of profit-taking, the division is expected to continue to improve its competitiveness and consolidate its leadership position with cost and quality advantages.
Multi-routine drop-downs boosted and battery blades firmly positioned. The company accelerated the process of re-engineering battery production, which has now been fully modified to approximately 38gwperc capacity, with tnc batteries producing more than 80% per month; the company's 16gw new production capacity is already in production and double.
Flux 25gw is expected to start production by the end of the year, and the size of tnc capacity will exceed 100gw.
20%. The maximum R & D power at the end of the component is 743.2w. Sustained competitiveness is being consolidated. In addition, new Hjt, xbc, thorium batteries and test wires in the assembly have been put into operation, and the Hjt+copper interconnection solution, which has been planned for export by the end of 2024, has been launched.
In the first half of the year, the company sold 18.67gw, or +108.4%, of the total number of clients with a high domestic focus.
At the same time, the coverage was accompanied by the addition of important markets such as South Africa, the United Arab Emirates, and the acquisition of a number of well-known customer orders, steadily increasing overseas influence and market share. In addition, Yunyang shares have productive distribution in parts of the United States, Thailand, Viet Nam, etc., and are expected to help in the acquisition of land.
Helping companies to quickly complement integrated overseas production and capacity deployment and improve global competitiveness. Profit forecasting, valuation, and rating, taking into account the company’s competitive advantage in silicon, battery and component chains.
Product price volatility, industry demand below expectations, component markets below expectations.