Performance phase pressure, acquisition of Yuyang to improve the industrial chain layout \triangleright over-requirement, impact of a sharp fall in product prices and crediting for impairment of assets of 2,255 million yuan (of which savings)
Polycrystal silicon: Sales have grown steadily, with significant product quality and cost advantages. 2024h1, companies achieved \triangleright high-purity crystal silicon sales of 22,89 million tons, an increase of 28.82 per cent over the same period, with domestic municipalities accounting for more than 25 per cent, with a continuous increase.
Annual production is the highest in the world; in the context of a significant increase in the N-type ratio, the current aggregate electricity consumption has fallen to under 50 degrees in Deng Yongkang, and silicon is down to 1.04 kg/kg-si, at a cost that keeps the industry in the lead.
With more than 650,000 tons of high-purity crystalline silicon capacity, the first 200,000 tons project is expected to be operational by the end of the year, with more than 850,000 tons of crystalline silicon capacity and the company's projected 80 to 1 million tons of high-purity silicon capacity in 24-26 years;
In addition, in August 24, the company announced plans to acquire no less than 51% of Yunyang’s shareholdings, with more than 130,000 tons of crystallized silicon, which will help to further increase the company’s position in the city.
Battery: N-type products have significant advantages and production capacity continues to expand. 2024h1, company battery sales (including self-use) exceed 35gw. Consistent with industry n-types, the company currently has about 38gwperc capacity.
Upgraded, the monthly production of tnc batteries exceeds 80 per cent; in addition, 2024h1, the company ' s 16gw tnc battery capacity is operational and the dual flow of 25gwtnc capacity is expected to be fully operational by the end of the year, when the public sector ' s tnc battery capacity will exceed 100gw; the company expects the battery capacity to reach 130 - 26 years.
150gw. In addition, the company continues to promote efficiency gains in the production of battery products, while maintaining technology routes. By the end of 2024h1, the new topcon, hjt, xbc, mine batteries and test wires in the components of the Global Innovation Research and Development Centre were in operation.
Quarterly evaluation in 024: performance phase pressure, silicon components: high volume of goods, acquisition of Yuyang to improve overseas layout. 2024h1, company sales of components \triangleright
Three-quarterly edition of the 2023 report by Tonway shares (600438.sh) Reviews: silicon cost advantages, N-type integrated production capacity stability, new developments in key markets such as South Africa and the United Arab Emirates; acquisition of Yunyang shares to the ground to facilitate synergies
Step-by-step expansion - 2023/10/27 The production of energy in parts of the U.S., Thailand and Viet Nam to help companies supplement overseas integration 3. Tonway shares (600438.sh) in the semi-annual 2023 report
Performance profile, increasing global overall competitiveness.
The advantages of the battery product are evident, and the component business is expected to develop rapidly, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Assessment: strong performance growth, strong leadership of the integrated layout - methodological and analytical logic leading to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.