Tungwee shares (600438) far-reaching layout and integrated capacity, with a strong leader in counter-extension, 13 September 2024.
Silicon production is first, combined electricity consumption and cost controls are less innovative, and N-type exports have increased significantly in the first half of 2024. The company’s high pure crystal silicon sales in the first half of 2024 were 22,89 million tons, compared to 28,82%.
For many years, it has been the world’s first, with domestic cities accounting for more than 25% in the first half of the year. The company’s n-silicon material output has increased significantly and continues to boost the downswing process, with the current aggregate power consumption down to less than 50 degrees, silicon consumption down to 1.04 kg/kg-si, and production consumption indicators have been optimized continuously, with costs keeping industry ahead of schedule. Based on the size of the company’s silicon production capacity and overall production excellence.
The company currently has more than 650,000 tons of high-purity crystal silicon, of which 200,000 tons of the Yunnan multi-silicon project was successfully launched in May this year, an additional 200,000 tons of high-yielding silicon project is expected to be completed by the end of the year, and 400,000 tons of high-purity silicon project is in the process of being ready for completion by the end of the year.
The industrial silicon capacity, which is expected to be completed by the end of the year with the completion of the Dharma flag phase and the River Creek phase of the industrial silicon project, will assist the Department in enhancing raw material mitigation capabilities and enhancing the retroactive advantage.
Company battery taps are solid, and according to infolink data, battery output has been worldwide for seven consecutive years since 2017. First, companies that accumulated more than 200gw for the first battery in the industry. In the first half of 2024, the company achieved more than 35gw battery sales (including self-use), 38gwperc capacity improvements, tnc (topcon) battery months.
In the context of rapidly changing industries, firms have accelerated the restructuring of their production capacity, quickly completed the restructuring of their production capacity, fully completed the reduction of their perc capacity by 2023, focused on the development of technology of the n type, and promoted the rapid release of the company ' s topcon capacity. On the cost side, they have benefited from improved production processes, improved web-based graphics, and national production slurry conductors.
The firm’s non-silicon cost, as a result of the entry measures, has fallen by almost 20% from the beginning of the year against a backdrop of a sharp increase in international silver prices, further enhancing the company’s core competitiveness. The company has now developed 95gw battery capacity, and 16gwtnc new battery production in Maroon Hill will be available in the first half of 2024.
Tungwee shares (600438) - Silicon Battery Dragons, which continue to develop integrated production, deep-farming agricultural photovoltaics, and 25 gwtnc, which is expected to be fully operational by the end of the year, will exceed the size of the company's tnc battery capacity.
100gw. With regard to new technologies, the company has continued to strengthen technology research and development, topcon, hjt, xbc, thorium batteries and layouts, with a whole-line a-level rate of more than 97% and a debris rate of less than 0.5%, and plans to export unique hjt+copper interconnection solutions by the end of 2024.
The company, as the battery industry leader, has advanced production and layout, has lost its old production and capacity, and has continued to promote new technologies to enhance the company’s long-term competitive advantage.
As a result of the continuous deepening of the integrated layout, the company intends to acquire Yunyang shares to increase its foreign influence, the company has made significant efforts to develop component operations and achieve a full coverage of the country's top clients, with the company entering the market in 2023, with a strong financing capacity to develop new and important markets such as South Africa and the United Arab Emirates.
The firm integration of the company's silicon route, which has now generated more than 650,000 tons of high-purity crystallized energy, 95gw solar energy, battery capacity and 75gw component capacity, is projected to reach 80 - 1 million tons of high-purity silicon in 2024 - 2026, 130 - 150gw solar cell capacity and 80 - 100gw assembly capacity in 2024 - 2026.
In the first half of 2024, the price of the photovoltaic industry chain continued to decline, business profit spaces were rapidly shrinking, multi-point prices broke the cost line, and, according to professional institutions such as cpia, the production of polysilicon/silicon/cells/assemblies in the country increased by roughly the same amount in January-June, respectively.
The pattern has changed rapidly, with some firms experiencing high stock holdings, tight funds, etc., leading to a cut-off in production, while the head enterprise, with its combined strength, strongly consolidated its market share. On the evening of 13 August, the company issued an announcement that it intended to acquire a sum not exceeding RMB 5 billion in sum to gain a share in Yuyang.
By the first half of 2024, companies ranked 5th in total cash in hand currency and tradable financial assets in the world, with better vertically integrated layouts and capacities from Viet Nam, Thailand, and the United States abroad. A smooth landing of the deal would help companies to improve their overseas production capacity and channels, and accelerate the process of corporate globalization.
Investment proposals and profit projections: companies are two-twin silicon batteries, continuously deepening the integrated production mix, expanding overseas channels through mergers and acquisitions, and improving the overall competitiveness of companies. The net profit-49.26/ barriers to corporate return in 2024-2026 are expected to impede industry development; the price volatility of raw materials affects costs and profits; and the failure of firms to deliver productive capacity as expected;
The acquisition of assets was less than expected.
Figure 5 Māori rates and net interest rates of companies, Figure 6 R & D inputs (millions of dollars) Figure 8 sales of high pure crystal silicon (tons)
Figure 9 Forecasts of the size of the additional installed machines in the country (gw) Figure 14 Prices of battery fragments ($/w) and steel, etc., have been studied in depth in the fields of science and technology and cycle, as well as in the areas of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics and automation, and have established a framework for research on “China's manufacturing investment cycle”.
The team focused on research in the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium and storage energy, with limited energy devoted to serving more primary and secondary markets where the needs of the country are met, the industry is flourishing and the people have faith, without which it will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in the present report. This report has been prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended for or for any dispatch, release, release, etc.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the public or resident in any area, country or other area under its jurisdiction in which it is available or used to make SAC and its associated companies in violation of local laws or regulations or to subject the SAC securities to its laws or regulations. The copyright of the material in this report is a SAC security unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.