Stock incentives are down, future performance is up to date, long-term vehicle (000625) equity incentives are evaluated, restricted shares are retained, with 194,000 shares awarded to Vice President Yang Dae-jung and middle-level managers.
The core technical (operational) backbone (out of a total of 415) is 2,18.773 million shares. Equity incentives are in place, with deep mid-level management and technical backbones, and deep middle-level management and technical backbones, contributing to the long-term growth of the company.
The unit, compared to the depth of 300, has helped to boost high-end electrodynamic development, and the matrix of smart electrical products has been gradually refined, with an emotional-smart electric vehicle Ave, which is the home-grown smart car solution and the latest electrodynamic technology in the Ninder era.
Tower 11 was launched on November 15, to help build the new energy high-end market of the Agency. Over the next five years, the company will launch 26 new smart electric cars based on the three platform architectures of the smart powered car platform Chn+sda+ Ark, with a new energy vehicle-style planning that is in good faith and accelerates the transformation of long-paced electric intelligence.
As the company's third entrepreneurship plan moved forward, the company gradually replaced or revalued the main sales models of cs35, cs75, and fugitive cars, and sold in October in the cs75, cs55 series in millions, un-k in demand in the context of chip shortages.
The first series of sedans, uni-v, was launched on November 21, and the Chang-Ann Autonomous Product Matrix was gradually refined, with the un series rising up and leading to a higher price of brands and an autonomous cycle. 31/24/21 times. The company worked at the same time on both conventional fuel and new energy vehicles, and the products were high-end, intelligent.
Accelerating the transition, the future roll-out of a new vehicle model and the full-line layout of the new energy sector will become new performance growth points, the supply of chips will be less than expected, the vehicle market will not recover as expected, and the product will fall short of expectations.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.