Keep an eye on Arvita's brand and position it as "know your intellectual incarnation," November 16, 2021, Research Assistant Yang Wai-ging.
• Highlights of the announcement: On November 15, 2021, the Avita brand, created in cooperation with Huaieng and Ningde, was officially launched in Shanghai, China. At the launch, the Avita brand was based on the autonomous high-end power/chn platform, the Avita model, which was created by Chang An, Wah-Jung, and Ningde.
The Aveta 11 position-based pure sedan run, suv, will be officially released in 2022q2, with 2022q3 officially delivered, and a total of 4 products will be planned for launch by 2025. The branding is “know your intellectual incarnation,” car looks, and power configurations are competitive.
To be an important addition to the country’s high-end pure electricity market: 1) branding “emotional plus intelligence”: Avita’s core management team includes Chief Strategic Officer Mahinje, Chief Marketing Officer Wang Yu, Chief Product Manager Sung-tae, Chief Financial Officer Liu Sphinx.
It means "incarnate," meaning that every user can build itself in another intelligent parallel world based on Arvita's brand, know what you're worried about, know what you're thinking, give what you're looking for, and do what you're looking for, and do what you're looking for.
Designed with a split-handled light group, the side line is fluid, the waist line rises and uses a sneak back, the top of the car, the visual centre leans behind it, displays a visible sports style; the tail is fitted with a cross-cutting taillight group with an ascendable tail wing, which further points the motion. 3) Smart + power configuration: 11 avita
Smart emotional configurations such as emotional awareness, seamless human/family/car connections; power, within 100 km of accelerated 4s, with high pressure charge capacity above 200kw and 400tops intellectual driving power, continued range above 700km, intelligent driving and power configuration to the current lead water in the country
• The Aveta 11 is the right time for a new product cycle for autonomous brands, and the smart power is accelerating;
Total wholesale ring ratio + 7.45%, self-contained table to open smart electric high ceilings. 1) Long-term autonomy: short-term dimensions, fuel truck market for better now 2021-11-09.
Cs75p+Riving is a major marketing force, the un series contributes core increment, the product structure is further modified
EPA platform medium- and low-end market for motor power, launched in 2022 with c385/a158 models, pushing good, over-performance growth. 2021-10 - Powered electricization is widespread. Cooperativa built the first Avita 11 for Ned and opened the high end.
Smart electric ceilings. 2) Joint venture, with mixed effects. Long Anfoot multiple Lincoln brands, successively heavy-pound vehicle-type import aid, improved domestic sales structure, medium- and long-term strategic positioning of the domestic market, 3, Chang An Car (000625), September
Long-Ammad's steady growth is expected in the future. Overall wholesale ring ratio + 14%, chip shortage  profit forecast and investment rating: taking into account the upwards of the future auto autonomous product cycle, joint ventures are at the bottom.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board