Aveta's global launch, which created a new group of emotional smart electric cars, Aveta's launch of a review on November 15, 2021.
The tower is officially released, and the first suv vehicle under the flag is the 11th Avita. Chang-an-Ann has built a chn architecture for Ningd, and a strong coalition has given Avita \triangleright
In August 2021, Avita introduced six strategic investors, including Ningde, through a public listing (with a 23.99% shareholding ratio after replenishment). Chang-Ang-hwa worked together to build the Chn architecture. Chn gave Avita a hardware + software + digital processing + smart ecology.
It's the ability to create a matrix of high-end smart electric vehicle brands, and to embrace the software in a comprehensive manner. Chn structure guarantees e11 continuous rotation, enabling the sequence to achieve the five-year, four-car medium-term goal.
The new car is located in pure electric medium-sized suv, in a sedanic design style based on the smart electric car network platform (chn) developed jointly by Chang An, Wah, and Ningde. Avita 11 is a fully-fledged smart car solution and the latest electrical technologies of the Ningde era are technically achievable: 1)4s up to 100 km; 2) 200+kw
High pressure super fast; 3) 400+tops top-level computing; 4) 700km+continuance. Self-built smart flexible production lines are located in Chongqing, with a maximum annual capacity of 350,000 vehicles. It is expected to be released in the second quarter of next year, with three quarters of production completing the first delivery, and four products planned for the next five years.
To recognize the needs of clients, to create new types of emotionally intelligent electric cars, high-end luxury, warm care and technology make up the Aveta triangle. Aveta has designed the idea of a sense of the future at its core, a simple and powerful look, a branded vision of "get to understand your intelligence" and a new understanding of the needs of clients.
By connecting users with emotional intelligence, empowering users with technology, creating a new category of emotional-smart electric cars around high-end luxury, warm and sensitive needs. Accelerating the transition, the introduction of new vehicles in the future, and the full-line layout of new energy sources, will become new performance growth points.
For the first time, a “recommended” rating was given. The chip supply was less than expected, the vehicle market recovered less than expected, the product fell short of expectations.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.