Use of the friendly network (600588.sh) computer/computer applications to acquire the big cloud from the herm leading company, and to refine it with the friendly cloud eco layout.
On the night of August 21, the company announced that it would be given a share in the Shanghai Big Eyun stock: 29,8261% of the company's share in the Shanghai Big Eyun at $67 million.
Hu Wen, the cloud's competitiveness, the big cloud is the country's oldest supplier of hrmaas. The big cloud is the country's first foundation.
In 2007, Saas ' s hr system service provider developed the Big Cloud recruitment system, and current products and services include several human resources management modules, such as cloud recruitment, micro-credit recruitment, recruitment treasures, stubbles, evaluation treasures, staff treasures, design, enterprise recruitment configuration, talent evaluation, talent management, etc.
In 2016, the Great Clouds signed a new order of $10.04 million and a renewed order of $11.89 million.
The cloud recruitment platform for large enterprises was updated to 8.0 and its performance was optimized; at the end of 2016, there were 22,000 business users, with a target of 30,000 businesses to be covered by 2017 and operated on a commercial basis free of charge.
Micromails, apps, nails, campus recruitment systems online, cloud tests online for monitoring, and cloud recruitment is highly optimized in combination with the technicality of the one.
A secure and stable saas service is provided in cooperation with Aliun. The Big Cloud product serves its clients in an online rental model, building a secure, stable and efficient cloud computing data centre with Aliun, ensuring user experience, application safety and data security.
So far, more than 20,000 companies have opted for large cloud calculations, with well-known clients such as 100 degrees, Kyundong, New Wave, public opinion reviews, oppo, Microsoft, Huayun, South Air, and so on, widely recognized.
The company’s hr cloud services include “friendships” and payroll, which include smart recruitment, core manpower, employee services, shared services, etc., while the company’s social security, pay and welfare services are provided.
It will enhance the competitiveness and product enrichment of the company’s services in the area of recruitment of talent, and promote synergies between the various players in the services of the company’s services. Cloud computing will enable companies to digitize and “change the future” with the help of friendly clouds.
According to a talk by the President of the company, Wang Wenjing, at the Chinese Business Internet Congress in Utsun, “Towards clouds, making a new future,” Yuyun helped companies to integrate their “mindful business,” “light management,” financial services into business scenes, and the development of a new environment.
By calculating high-speed trains using cloud-based clouds, firms of all types need only “buy” a ticket from a cloud-based cloud to make a rapid digital transformation. The strategic support of software, cloud services, finance has continued to maintain a competitive advantage.
With the release of the 3.0 strategy with a focus on the three core business lines of “software, cloud services, finance,” competition is emerging. This big cloud count is an important step in the implementation of the 3.0 strategy, and companies are expected to continue to gain strength without coming.