In January-June 2017, the company collected 2,192 million yuan.
This represents an increase of 26.01 per cent; a deficit of $63.67 million in net profit attributable to the mother, representing a decrease of $116 million in the same loss, a gain of $2,192 million corresponding to an increase of 26.01 per cent compared with the increase of 26.01 per cent and a decrease of $116 million attributable to the net profit attributable to the mother; and a surplus of $284 million in the financial services sector, representing an increase of 295.3 per cent compared with the increase in the cloud services sector.
It also achieved a high rate of growth of 69 million yuan, an increase of 68.3 per cent over the same period. In addition, the company's traditional masters, software operations, generated 1,844 million yuan, with an overweight base of 12.1 per cent over the same period.
The impact of management costs, reasonable control of sales costs and a significant reduction of 6.65 percentage points during the company period
From software to services, cloud operations are effective. Corporate cloud services locate the basics of socialized commercial applications, facilities and business service industry sharing platforms, including cloud platforms, domain clouds, industry clouds, etc. Cloud services receive revenue from application services, operating services, data and information services.
Qualifying in portfolio investment consulting business, company rolls out the iuap platform to build inter-computers such as high-synchronous, high-performance, high-availability c2b for enterprises
Networking applications to provide a full range of one-stop services; in the face of micro-enterprises, companies have launched a smooth cloud platform to apply the ai technology in products to meet the needs of enterprise data set integration and application integration.
The Division released version iuap3.1, containing a series of products such as the Paas application platform, the Enterprise Application Cloud Package, Clouds, Clouds (8610) 66229335 esb, Cloudsidm, etc. Clouds platform iuap has quickly established a business application infrastructure at the social level
In addition, friends are connected to the company ' s cloud markets and cloud services, which support the data-based operations of the cloud. As of the end of the reporting period, the number of clients of the company ' s cloud services reached Tanjian.
In the first half of 2017, the country produced 11.36 trillion dollars, an increase of 7.0 per cent, or 29.79 per cent, in the share of gdp.
The Chinese Smart Manufacturing Development Plan (2016-2020), launched by the Ministry of Political Affairs, identifies smart manufacturing as a key trend in China’s manufacturing development and a general demand. In July 2017, the company announced its intention to change investment fund-raising investment, the Smart Manufacturing Services Platform project, involving $303 million, the expected investment recovery period of 6.97 (dynamics),
The platform for corporate smart manufacturing services is 22.21%. The platform consists of five levels: basic platform, smart factory, smart management, production interconnection, smart decision-making, and the entire platform's enabling manufacturing enterprise moves from traditional to intelligent manufacturing, connecting business management systems and production sites, which are business systems to production sites.
It also uses an open platform and architecture, bringing together a large number of developers whose core marketing theme is the creation of a biosphere, which can be summarized as “platform support, platform services, factory innovation, joint outreach”, later realized through the charging of services and the establishment of a virtuous split-up project.
The country has recently begun a screening of its national production infrastructure. From the point of view of information security, there has been a marked increase in the demand for domestic production of software and hardware, and firms are making steady progress in the domestic production of software. Companies are the largest and most well-connected management software providers in the country.
Businesses, with a market share of more than 30% and a steady top position for many years, have a clear gap in market share between major competitors and firms (over 15%). Faced with large firms and groups focusing on the nc product line, with medium-sized firms focusing on the u series, and with micro-enterprises, mostly providing standardization t
During the reporting period, companies promoted more than 20 model users of smart manufacturing, 020, and socialized finance in mid-markets, while the t+ series produced a higher growth than in the same year. The company was the first in the erp state business, and the technology level was not too different from foreign firms such as SAP, oracle, we believe.
In the broader context of software nationalization, the comparative competitive advantages of home-grown services and high value for money, the availability of alternative spaces for foreign investors such as SAP and oracle, and the high likelihood of new management software being introduced by large-scale multinationals, companies will be able to fully generate demand from beneficiary countries and further increase their market share.
The rapid growth of Internet finance is expected to be an emerging growth pole. The financial services of companies consist mainly of payment services for enterprises, Internet finance and supply chain finance for micro-businesses and individuals, with payment services provided mainly by easy access and Internet access to finance information.
100 billion yuan, an increase of 761% over the hypervelocity, and a cumulative portfolio of investment of 17.8 billion yuan, an increase of 6.8 billion yuan from the end of the year. At this point in the early stages of its development, it is relatively small in terms of the company’s traditional business and industry, and it has a very low overlap rate with the millions of clients it has previously covered.
In May 2017, the company released a stock options and limits scheme, and this scheme is divided into equity options and restricted stock incentives.
In the first half of 2017, the company disclosed 10.3 per cent of the total number of employees whose performance in the incentive scheme may have had an impact on current performance, but in the long run the company's development prospects and individual employees.
A close combination of interests can help firms to accelerate the shift, involving a wide range of staff and a high amortization cost, to highlight confidence in the development prospects within the company.3 The project is not as fast as expected.
As the largest and most product-lined provider of management software in the country, emerging cloud services and Internet finance have progressed well, creating synergies with company-based traditional software and services. We believe that the company has largely completed its transformation and that there is scope for future development.