On 22 August 2017, the Division calculated the sum of US$ 6710.86 million and US$ 36.35 million for Taiyun in Shanghai.
Incident 2: According to the China Union announcement, the company indirectly subscribes to China ' s Connected Human Resources Cloud Service through the Huaihai Ark Fund to improve the layout of Yoon Yun ' s operations in Man-Yun: Da Yi is the leading human resources cloud service provider in the country, mainly for large and medium-sized enterprises (number of employees)
This time, the company will continue to improve the layout and battle of the company’s operations using Soyun in Manchuria.
The company has been working or working with major Chinese companies, such as the National Network, China Construction, and this time, it has been working with them again.
The company’s leading position and bargaining power in the corporate information industry is highlighted.
Turn on, highlighting corporate development confidence, creating the first platform for China's corporate Internet, bringing together ecological partners to build a corporate ioap. The company uses the Paas platform as its core, connecting the Yaas and xaas, and building the first level of Chinese corporate Internet.
In addition to the company's own cloud products, its friend clouds, and its third-party cloud service, the company cloud platform now has 400+ business service products and 300+life partners, which will further consolidate ecological partners and bring companies together to build corporate uniforms for millions of companies.
The strategic objectives of the Ecoosphere are 0.20 and 0.26. As the cloud and financial services operations are still in a state of loss, 10 times the value of the company's business is given to the 10 times the value of the traditional business for the year.
Entering the new cycle of technological upgrading and business upgrading, intelligence, Internetization, cloudization and nationalization to drive corporate business back to growth channels, leading by a friend-circle layout and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.