Computer applications Financial operations are growing rapidly, accelerating their landings with a friendly cloud Incident: the company recently released its mid-year 2017 report, and the company achieved operating income of $21.9.
The net profit of the shareholders of the listed company after deducting non-recurrent gains and losses was -103 million yuan, the losses, the rapid growth of cloud services, and the acceleration of landings with a friendly cloud: the company ' s cloud services received $6.872 million, an increase of 68 per cent. At the end of June, the number of company clients was approximately 3.24 million, compared to the 68 per cent increase.
Version: By integrating the iTechnology and iot intermediates through mobile platforms such as smart robots, machine learning, and so on, the iuap platform has built the core capabilities of the commercial application infrastructure platform, while friends and friends go online and the company has access to cloud service products to support the digital operation of cloud operations.
New upgrades have been made to both marketing and procurement clouds, expanding new functions and attracting more new users of total equity/flow (million shares).
The total market value/flow (millions of dollars) is the function, user experience and value of the product.
Support systems that provide multiple ways of accessing the Doo Open Platform to meet the communications needs of key clients. Financial cloud operations, the introduction of financial cloud products, and support for the full-scale migration of financial applications of large and medium-sized enterprises.
The e-Invoice Clouds platform has become more user-friendly, for example, through the use of the micro-public billings. The Man-Cloud Business, a friend of a friend, works with the payroll to develop payroll, payroll management products, and further refines the core human cloud products.
New progress has also been made in such sectors as the catering, financial and political clouds. Financial operations have grown rapidly, and payments have grown rapidly: during the reporting period, the business has achieved income of $283 million, a 290% increase.
The sum of US$ 1188.8 billion, an increase of 761% from the previous year, and the sum of US$ 1,78.8 billion, or 62% from the end of 2016, has been added to the amount of US$ 17.8 billion in the sum of US$ 17.8 billion in the sum of US$ 17.8 billion in the sum of US$ 10 million in the amount of US$ 10 million in the amount of US$ 10 million in the amount of US$ 1 million in the amount of US$ 1 million in the amount of US$ 1,000,000 in the amount of US$ 16,000 in the amount of US$ 16,000 in the amount of US$ 1 million in the amount of US$ 16,000 in the amount of US$ 1 million in the amount of US$ 16,000 in the amount of US$ 1 million in the amount of US$ 1 million in the amount of US$ 1 million in the amount of US$ 1 million in the amount of US$ 16,000 in the amount of US$ 1 million in the amount of US$ 1 million in the amount of US$ 1 million in the amount of US$ 1 million in the year in the amount of US$ 2 million in the year, and in the amount of US$ 1 million in the amount of US$ 1 million in the amount of US$ 1 million in the amount of US dollars in the amount of US$ 2 million in the amount of US$ 1 million in the amount of US$ 1 million in the amount of US$ 2 million in the year in the amount of US$ 1 million in the amount of US dollars in the amount of US$ 1 million in the year in this year in the year, and in the amount of US$ 1 million in the amount of US$ 1 million in the amount of US dollars in the amount of US$ 1 million in the amount of US$ 1 million in the year in the year in the year in this year in the year in the year in the year in the year in the year in the year in the year in the year in the year, the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the year, the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of US dollars in the amount of the amount of the year, the US dollars, which the amount of the amount of US dollars has been spent has been spent has been spent has been spent in this year, and the
Software operations are growing steadily, and large, medium and small businesses are doing well: during the reporting period, the target was $1.84 billion, an increase of 12.1 per cent over the previous period.
Networking, with new breakthroughs and advances in areas such as digital marketing, manufacturing of smart services, financial sharing services and human resources; middle-end operations revolve around the u8 product line, perfecting a series of products to satisfy clients' “multi-plant plan synergies, electronic accounting files, profit appraisals”
High-speed growth in operations, including fine management needs; micro-business around the t-series of software products, offering a richer cloud application and mobile services, and continuing to grow deep into the micro-enterprise market, Beijing City West Side.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.