The upward trend in revenue has been sustained, the enterprise Internet platform strategy has been significantly reduced in performance and cash flow has been good. A 26% increase in corporate revenue has been achieved on a year-on-year basis.
At the same time, the net profit loss of the parent was significantly reduced by 180 million yuan in the first half of last year, and 63.7 million yuan in the first half of this year. The growth in operating costs, sales costs, administrative costs and relative growth was lower than the growth rate of revenue, the size of corporate financing each year, and the firm ' s hedge approach to foreign currency lending, which achieved nearly 2,500.
Revenues of 10,000, classified as derivative financial income, after deducting this part of the impact, increased financial costs by 48.3 per cent over the same period; net operating cash flows of 576 million yuan in the first half of the year, compared to 470 million yuan in the same period last year, mainly due to the payment of employee bonuses in the first half of the year and only in the second half of the same period last year. In fact, in the first half of the year, the payments were made.
▪ The new cycle of business informatization drives faster income growth. Enterprise informatization moves into a new cycle driven by technological upgrading and business upgrading, with intelligence, Internetization, cloudization and nationalization driving companies back to growth corridors in the first half of the year.
Friends network: $6.872 million in corporate human resources clothing, an increase of 68.3 per cent in the same year; $284 million in financial services, an increase in the same year
Of these, 295.3 per cent are expected to continue to grow by around 15 per cent throughout the year, owing to a steady increase in traditional software operations as a result of increased national production and corporate growth; by the end of the year, the company cloud services were reported to have a company client of 100 million yuan, an increase of 761 per cent over the same period: the cumulative sum of the Internet access to finance information services was 178
The strategy is clear, focusing on the socialization of business applications infrastructure on the one hand, and on the other.
For the former, companies focus on iuap on the Paas platform, which connects Yaas and xaas to enable firms to move efficiently and at low cost to the cloud. As of the first half of 17 years, approximately 3.24 million business clients of corporate cloud services have continued to grow steadily and are expected to reach compliance at an early date.
For the latter, in addition to the company's own cloud products, a third-party cloud service, currently with 300+ eco-partners, the company cloud platform is expected to bring together ecological partners in a variety of ways, including investment and purchase, to bring together millions of companies to build a corporate service biosphere.
• Investment proposals: As traditional software continues to grow at a steady pace, cloud and financial operations continue to grow at a faster rate, with upward companies projected to increase their net profits by 210 per cent in 2017, compared with the projected increase of 210 per cent in 2017, with a combined revenue of 905 million yuan, taking into account previous valuations of the foreign comparable salesforce, and if the new business gives 13 timesps, taking into account the 17-year net profit of the traditional software business at around 830 million dollars, the 17-year equivalent valuation of traditional business is only 23 times.
The company's Internet biosphere is in the lead, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, and Dong Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has an investment advisory committee on securities.