Cobalt prices are expected to continue to rise. At the supply end: incremental uncertainty is greater than uncertainty.
Large. In 2018, only 3,000 tons of new mines were produced. There were more variations in the crowd-catch supply chain, with Congolese cobalm smelters stored at a possible delay in production owing to poor local infrastructure, lack of energy, relative corruption of the Government.
At the end of the demand: new energy vehicles and smart phones are double-wheel-drive, 2018-financial properties are expected to continue to magnify the elasticity of cobalt. The procurement agreement between the refiner and the mine is around the price of mb, and the supply and demand of 6,000-7,000 tons of cobalt will determine the entire cobalt industry.
In 2017, caramel could account for 23 per cent of the global cobalt supply and enjoy oligarchy in the pricing market. Caramel could have a strong incentive, with the help of commodity funds such as cobalt 27, to deflate the financial properties of cobalt. We see that cobalt prices continue to rise in the second half of 2018.
Since the company's entry into the Congo, the Congolese gold canals have been gradually laid up to build combustible hydroxide production capacity; the mines of Kambove and Pe527 have been acquired and the mineral self-sufficiency rate has gradually been 50%. Since 2018, the kambaves and p527 mines have been acquired.
At the same time, the smelting capacity of the refined cobalt has been expanded from 24,000 tons to 30,000 tons.
The state has invested 20,000 tons of positive material in pre-removable capacity, which is now in steady operation. Together with the Ministry of Finance, the Department has set up a joint venture of ex-drives and positive materials, which has received “first-class tickets” to the area of lithium downstream.
We appreciate not only the resource and cost advantages of the company's deployment of the Congo, but also the risks of the company's construction of lithium, the political changes in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which have resulted in the company's failure to meet deadlines for local projects, and the new energy vehicle (8621) 60230213
Risks of production and sales being lower than expected; lower demand for cobalt due to weak macroeconomic growth; risk of impairment of company inventory; possible risk of payment of corporate receivables and receivables; and supply and demand patterns in the cobalt industry are expected to improve continuously
□ Cobalt mines are generally accompanied by copper or nickel, and therefore the supply of mature cobalt mines is less resilient. □ The supply of mature mines is relatively stable. For reasons such as grade fluctuations, the effects of rain in the Congo, and so on, production of mature mines generally fluctuates within 10%.
Supply side: There is greater uncertainty about the availability of kambove and p527, totalling about 3,000 tons. Katanga mine under the Karecan flag, although it gives production guidelines for 2018, but taking into account oligopolistic pricing attributes, companies or price premiums for control.
As a result, the concrete production of katanga still needs to be tracked. □ There are more variables in the chain of supply for crowd-captures. Although a large number of businesses are going to the Congo to build cobalt smelters, the government is relatively corrupt, and delays in production are widespread due to poor local infrastructure and lack of energy.
□ Recently, under pressure from Amnesty International-led international public opinion, Central and Central Smelting Enterprises and downstream application groups