Delivery of Wandira's performance ups and downs, e.g. high pressure on hand orders, and a soft start to thickening forward profit elasticity. 23 years of company pressure on a new bill of about 2.9 billion, of which about 2.5 billion are swapping valves, about 437 million are in direct flow.
The company's 24h2 is expected to start delivering regular retrenching valves in Xiangdong-Sandong, Ningxia-Hunan, with the expectation that they will be collected in q4, with a potential for structural improvement in their profitability. q3 is expected to be able to achieve a break in orders at the three mountain islands in South Net.
Stabilizing, the share of soft + insured is expected to remain in the lead, followed by the start of a tender for ultra-high-pressure soft projects + a soft inter-provincial back to back-to-back + far-reaching sea wind power + a large-scale start-up + Saudi soft + overseas super-pressure, and firm super-pressure.
In January-September, investment in the grid’s infrastructure was 39,82.2 billion yuan, compared to +21%, and the network’s construction was on the rise. The network continued to increase its investment in the grid, and the country’s demand for energy transformation drove the grid.
Increased investment in ultra-high pressure, main networks and distribution networks, with 34 per cent of the bid points in the first four series of national networks, solid shares, and solid inside markets such as the Tibetan network svg, the Mondon electricity market, etc.) Out-of-grid market breakthroughs, network storage, distribution patterns, etc.)
The semi-annual report 2024 went well down the side of the power supply, with the national production of high-pressure igbt industrializing, Saudi Arabia and Pakistan taking note of the steady increase in profitability and slightly outperformed performance.
With the construction of national electricity grids all the way to Kistan, Brazil, and so on, we expect companies to increase their international operations in terms of product competitiveness + brand influence. Increased input costs, inventory & contractual liabilities, provide the basis for sustained growth.
State Electric Swe (600406): 2023 Annual Report and 2024 Quarterly Review: Performance meets market expectations and ensures sustained and robust growth of companies.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company's 24-26 year net return profit forecast for the three main financial forecasts of the State of Nang Namwe. Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.