New Union (002001.sz) Tradingbuy Inter-District Operations
On November 21, Disman announced that, based on expectations of higher energy costs during the winter, Tesman would cease production of the Vitamina of the Swiss Sithern factory from 2 January 2023, with no less than production.
Two months. The production of VVF50 will also be severely affected by the shortage of natural gas as a result of the co-sharing of public utility projects, with the rise in the cost of European chemicals affecting vitamin production, compounding the recovery of domestic farming profits and the prospect of higher vitamin prices.
The company’s many subsequent projects have released new capacity, long-term growth momentum, and maintain its “inter-regional” rating. European energy prices have risen, and vitamin prices are expected to reverse: the epidemic and global inflation in 2022.
Youy-11%, Mom+1%, are at the bottom of history. And because of the rise in the price of natural gas, the cost of chemical products in Europe has risen, affecting vitamin production. The vitamin industry is now oligarchy, highly influenced by the supply side.
The plant produces 5,600 tons of vitamina (1,000 iu) in nominal terms, or about 15% of global capacity; the vitamine oil used to produce 50% of vitamine produces 18,000 tons in nominal terms, or about 13% of global capacity. The supply of vitamins in Europe is tightened, followed by a reversal in the price of vitamins, followed by a reversal in the price of vitamins.
Institutional investors as a share of the flowa Resurgence of farm profits and downstream affordability: the main downstream application of vitamins was feed additives, and in the second half of 2022, pig-breeding profits began to run out, and last week self-sustaining patterns began to grow.
The profits from pig farming are 805.24 yuan/heads, yoy+83%, wow-13%. We believe that downstream profit recovery is likely to increase the resilience of farmers to the increase in vitamin prices.
New projects are being put into operation to guarantee long-term company development: the company continues to deploy the “Bio+”, “Chemical+” platform, which is constantly enriching the product lines, and three plates are being developed in concert.
The new material plate, 7000 tonnes/year pps, was successfully tested: the Xuan diazole project is currently in its mid-test phase and the approval process is proceeding in an orderly manner. The original plate, 500 tonnes/year nitrogen circulatory, has been routed, driven and sold by the company.
We view its long-term development as well as its growth potential. Profit forecasts: we maintain the profit projections, and the company is expected to achieve net gains by 2022/2023. This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.