Three-quarter performances in line with expectations and construction of new projects progressing steadily Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) with slight pressure on vitamin plates and three-quarter overall performance in line with expectations
The price of vitamins is low, the company ' s performance is under short-term pressure, and the performance of the three quarters is generally in line with expectations: the company collected $11.91 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 12.21 per cent compared to the previous quarter, the third of which was long, the prices of products were relatively stable, and the prices of major vitamin products were lower than in the same period the previous year.
To date, the average market price for vitamina in 2022 is 174.48 yuan per kilogram, down by 117.26 yuan per kilogram in 21 years; the average market price for vitamine is 84.55 yuan per kilogram, down by 5.49 yuan per kilogram in 21 years.
Europe and China are the world’s major vitamin supply base, with Europe’s vitamin production capacity accounting for about 45% of the world’s production capacity. In the short term, for Europe, gas prices continue to rise with high temperatures and extremes.
The fermentation will have an impact on the price of European gas, which is “explicable” in the winter, with peaks of energy, shortages or increases in European gas, which may continue to be high and support the cost of vitamins at the end, and the global supply of vitamins will be maintained for a long time.
In addition, Europe is also an important base for the production of pyre amino acid, with more than 30 per cent of the world ' s capacity, and natural gas as an important ingredient of pyreamine, which is likely to be affected by the European energy crisis and extreme environmental factors. Vitamins and amino acid are the largest downstreams.
The application is animal feed, which is about 70% of the total. In the second half of the year, the pig cycle is up, and the price of the pig is higher than in the first half of the year. To date, the national wholesale price of the pig born in October of this year is 26.59 yuan per kilogram, an increase of 11.52 yuan per kilogram over q2.
With the prospect of a simultaneous increase in demand, such as vitamins, due to the warming of the pig industry, vitamin prices are expected to rise and profits are expected to improve.
Nutrient plates, two-year production line units of 150,000 tonnes per year of ecstasy, progressed in a sequenced manner, with a projected completion and release of test vehicles in June 2023; 30,000 tons per year of sulfonic acid project expected to be completed by the end of this year; and 5,000 tons per year of Vitamin b6, 3,000 tons per year of b12 per year in the first quarter of next year
After completing the test in June and July of this year, it has entered the normal production and sale phase. The new material plate, which provides for the approval of 30,000 tonnes/year. The current production capacity of 15,000 tonnes/year is sold. Three volumes of 7000 tonnes/year pps have been built and tested this year.
In September and October, the load reached 80-90%; the Xinjiang project is in its mid-test phase, with an initial plan to build 50,000 tonnes/year at the Shandong base. The fragrance plate, 5,000 tonnes/year of mintol, was completed in September of this year, and a pilot process vehicle is expected to be launched in September of this year.
A test vehicle will increase in four quarters. The company continuously optimizes its deep product matrix to improve its overall competitiveness and strengthens its position in the industry. (2) The risk of price fluctuations in raw materials:
(3) Production capacity is not as built as expected; (4) exchange rate and trade risks; and the present report is produced independently and objectively using information on legal compliance, and the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, and I am aware of these.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.