Ocean River Shares Incentives to release a positive signal that performance is somewhat over-expected.
Incentives release positive signals, companies raise their income targets and show confidence. The company announcement of the first draft of the core backbone stock-holding plan, which, in terms of the content of the programme, has a wide range of incentives.
The performance appraisal targets are positive. (1) The total number of participants in this scheme is not more than 5,100, and the number of incentives is one third of the company's workforce.
Among them, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chongdong Chung Yu, and the Executive President, Liu Yu, each held a share of 1 per cent, and the executive director, Liu Xianxian, was able to stabilize the unity of the team. (2) The shareholding plan proposed a ceiling of 10.02 for the ocean river and two-divide brands, with sales upwards. (1) Ocean River Series, Dream 6+ brands.
The strategic layout of the country’s large monolithics has been steadily moving forward, with a continuous upturn and positive end-payment. The dream 3 Crystal was marketed at the end of 2020, and the distributioner layout and web site layout have been completed, with a final offer of $450-460, which is higher than the previous one, and is still in the consumer culture stage.
Terminal sales need to be continuously validated. At present, companies are developing specific measures to upgrade the sea sky. At this stage, inventories are at an historical low level for nearly three years. (2) The two-trenched series is still in the market segment, and we judge that companies are planning to return to strategic positions in the two-trenches, taking into account the genetics of their branded wine.
Second, in the context of deepening reforms, companies need to look for new growth, taking into account product periodicity, and upgrading of the two-trenched products, to fill existing product systems. Internal restructuring is proceeding in an orderly manner, and channel value chains are being re-established in a positive cycle.
The restructuring of the marketing value chain has driven the ocean to a new development cycle. We believe that, after nearly two years of reform, the company has reached its most difficult stage, and while internal restructuring continues, taking into account the leading industries of the ocean’s marketing and management systems and the solid foundations of the province, the products have gradually entered.
The incentives are wide-ranging, helping to stabilize the military, strengthen the overall cohesion of the team, and continue to see the long-term development of the river. At the present position, the company’s valuation has the advantage, according to the company’s announcement, of the previous profit forecast.
Ocean River Shares: The performance of the company has improved on a seasonal basis and has moved into new formations The internal restructuring of the company has failed to meet expectations, product upgrades have failed to meet expectations, and intra-provincial competition has intensified.
Food and beverages: beverage manufacturing