Incidents: Company 21H1 realized operating income of 15.43 billion yuan, an increase of 15.75 per cent in the same year; net profit of 5.661 billion yuan, an increase of 4.82 per cent in the same year; of this, 21q2 achieved operating income of 5,023 million, an increase of 20.74 per cent in the same year and a net profit of 1,799 million mothers, an increase of 28.61 per cent in the same year.
The rate of growth in net profits has increased faster, with a negative shift in the rate of net profits and a steady level of profitability. This year’s target has been increased by the successful achievement of the target rate, laying the groundwork for the completion of the plan in the second half of the year. The net profit growth rate for companies in the first half of the year has shifted from a positive rate of 3.41 per cent in the first quarter to a positive rate of 4.82 per cent, with a steady upward trend.
Practice number: s1500520110001 By the end of the second quarter, the company had received 1.583 billion in advance, the outstanding discounts payable to distributors and the price contribution of the crystal was shown in the first half of the year, and the dream 6+ leads to an increase in sales.
The net interest rate was 36.45%, a decrease of 3.78 pct in the same year, mainly due to the apparent performance of the two-wheel drive of the ocean river plus two ditches in the first quarter of this year, and the continued optimization of the distribution structure. Since 2021, the company has set up a strategy of “double brands and brands” in an attempt to turn the ditch into a new growth in the Soup Group.
At the strategic level, the development of the two-crowded “name, high-end, nationalization” has been fully established. The company splits the two-crow sales company from the Ocean River sales organization, and the regionalization organization has been removed from the ocean system, creating more than 40 new branches and offices.
Brand receipts grew by 38.9% the same year, higher than the company's overall revenue growth, mainly due to the power of the Trench Treasures and the Sou wine, the speed with which high-cost investments have been made and the willingness of distributors to pay back. Under the Ocean River, we expect that the company's blue classic series will continue to contribute its main income, with dreams 6 plus the first half of the year.
Right. Since 2019, in order to address the problem of excessive flattening of channels, companies have been engaged in a restructuring of marketing around the “one-stop shop, multi-share” new producer relationships, with 305 new units in 21h1, 254 fewer, 254 more in the provinces, 1134 fewer, and actively optimizing the distribution structure.
The epidemic is gradually improving, and the test is being prepared for double knots. Since mid-July, the outbreak of the Jiangsu epidemic has indeed given a share of the ocean river to the feasting city (002304); management \triangleright
The impact of the scene, especially in the more developed Nanjing and Yang regions of the province, is significant, but due to the convergence of interests in July-August, accelerated release is the lowest in the month of sales of white wine, and we expect less than 10% of the impact on corporate sales as a whole.
Ocean River shares (002.04): Deep adjustment, marketing is the key. Jiangsu has no more local cases, Nanjing airport is now back on its way, Ban is running, Henanzheng City is completely unsealed, the pre-season outbreak is under effective control, and the distributors are actively preparing.
Sinda Securities Co., Ltd., does not make sales requirements until New Year's Eve.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing will be able to successfully achieve the 15% acceleration target under the equity incentive, and the adjustment trend will be steady and positive.
\triangleright planned a study by the State Land Commission in Shenzhen City on the evaluation of the real estate tax base (National Social Fund) to focus on macro and ground
Production, taxation, etc. In 2015, I entered the country with a sales + research experience, focusing on the industry and its shareholdings, with in-depth research and follow-up on such sections as white wine, recreational foods, spices, frozen foods, etc., and with emphasis on valuation and inclusive thinking.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.