Management shared interests to accelerate the release of Ocean River shares (002.04) core cadres with no more than 9.66 million equity incentives, or 0.64 per cent of the company ' s total equity,
The company introduced two equity incentives a year, which contributed to the rapid growth that followed. And since it was listed in 2009, no more equity incentives have been made, resulting in insufficient incentives for the current major management. This equity incentive plan was first introduced in October 2019, and will be in place for almost two years, at the end of the year, as the chairman of the board.
The proposed ceiling for the top nine executive executive executive executive executives, Chang Dongdong, Chung Yu, is about 960,000 shares, and the proposed ceiling for the top nine executive executives is about 48.3 million shares, with a total incentive for core cadres up to a critical stage in the restructuring of the company, with a significant mobilization of current management.
The company has built up \triangleright since 2021.
Systemic remuneration systems, including normal adjustment mechanisms for employees ' wages, broadband remuneration systems, employee welfare systems, medium- and long-term incentives, and so on, further link employee pay to corporate benefits and stimulate the enthusiasm of staff officers.
At the same time, the company has set up diversified talent development channels and career promotions, which, as part of its 14th Strategic Plan, will continue to strengthen talent development and optimize the environment in which it develops.
Focus on personnel issues, improve the treatment of sales personnel, stimulate the enthusiasm of employees, and provide strong guarantees for high-quality development in the 14th Five-Year Plan.
The core backbone holding plan (draft) discloses that the incentive lock is regularly set at two years, with performance appraisals for Ocean River shares (002304); depth changes will maintain the momentum of sustained healthy and steady growth.
According to the feedback, in the first half of 2021, Dream 6+ has entered a normal long term that will support the company’s major performance growth, Dream 3 crystal version is expected to be successfully replaced in the second half of the year, and sea-to-day upgrades are being planned in an orderly manner.
This year, the company's strategic pursuit of the two-name wine strategy of the Ocean River + Two Trench and the establishment of an independent two-trenched marketing centre have gained momentum.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We're looking at the company's continuous improvement in the channels, and it's expected to be the company's cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the west corner of Beijing City.
Risk factors: Increased competition in the industry; less than expected product turnover \triangleright study on the evaluation of the real estate tax base (National Social Fund) by the State Commission for Planning in Shenzhen City
Production, taxation, etc. In 2015, I entered the country with a sales + research experience, focusing on the industry and its shareholdings, with in-depth research and follow-up on such sections as white wine, recreational foods, spices, frozen foods, etc., and with emphasis on valuation and inclusive thinking.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.