Marginal acceleration is gradually validated and a new cycle can be run Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) Ocean River shares are reported to be released, 1.54 billion yuan (H1) in 2021, yoy + 15.8 per cent.
Realization of net parent profit of $5.66 billion, an increase of 4.8 per cent (higher non-recurrent collection of H1 in 2020, measured by the matching of q1/q2 single-quarter taxes with parent company receipts in 2021, or partial recognition of taxes in q1 in advance, with the same tax rate of h1 being substantially equal), and cost of sales
Corporate prices compared to trends in depth of 300 and behaviour q2 at administrative cost rates contributed to profit elasticity; cash refunds of $5.35 billion, yoy+166.2 per cent, were significantly increased.
High-quality wine (Blue Classics, Trenchs, Wine, Liquor, etc.) in mid-H1 in 2021 9.13 million tons, yoy+29.96 per cent, average price of yoy-10 per cent, or low-value products, drag overall average price of white wine; H1 Mäori wine rate of 75.66 per cent, equal to 0.51 pct in the province
(a) Inflows to yoy+16.3 per cent, out-of-provincial revenues to yoy+17.5 per cent, compared to 48:52 in- and out-of-provincial areas; a net decrease in the number of H1 distributors by 1388 and an increase of 1,500, mainly through the “one-stop shop, multi-brand line” system, which promotes the restructuring of distributors, while new products are on the market to increase national recruitment;
Ten thousand tons, two ditches with a capacity of 100,000 tons, company capacity and stock of alcohol. A new cycle of product life-cycles full of dream blues is the core vehicle of the company's 1445-high-end strategy, with an increase of about 20%.
M6 + 700 + price belt, faster increase over 21 years based on total replacement of M6; m3 Crystal Market is completed, consumer acceptance is slightly slower in the province during the first quarter, mainly due to the fact that the price of the crystal sheet is raised from $400 to $500, and the price of the four is overtaken by the quarter.
The m3 double-digit decline, the m3 dinner scenes during the five-year period gradually released, and q2 gradually grew; the sky blues changed in July, offering offers in the best and best-selected manner, and most regions will start a new product cycle with all the dominant products.
The 14th Plan is clear, the new management shapes the new dynamic 1. Ocean River shares (002304); the equity incentives are on the ground, and the 14th Plan has five specific objectives, with clear high-end, nationalization, wine revival,
On February 23, Jang, Chairman of the Ocean River Shares, made a clear statement about the government’s attitude to making a big ocean, and the new leadership is expected to join the company.
2. Ocean River Shareholdings (002304); Reactions from the Shareholders ' Congress More supportive, bringing more power and resources to the government. When Zhang has entered the River, active and business outlets are gradually confirming that 20210527
Actively promoting the independence of the two ditches and the Liquor, personally acting as directors of the two ditch sales company and the production base, and familiarizing themselves with the white wine business with the two ditches, can be judged to be a real head of household. In June, Mr. Jang was in charge of the sales, and the market was concerned about the potential marketing strategy after the change in marketing leadership.
New creation raises concerns about the uncertainty of the company ' s medium-term development, and we believe that, in addition to the marketing strategy and tactics that have been developed, the Chairman of the Board may not be able to reverse the marketing system that has already worked; moreover, although Chairman Zhang is not a white wine practitioner,
In July, the public, with 200,000 people per capita, the company’s top three leaders, the Governor, Chung Yu, and Liu Xianxian, grew by 15% each year, and the 100-day offensive was driven by the pace of completion of the mission.
With a new product life cycle on the belt, an optimistic outlook for 21 years of income marginal acceleration can be seen. Previously, Chairman Zhang began to divide sales by adding to the marketing strategy and tactics that had been developed.
Channel marketing has not been as fast as expected; the blue of the sea, the blue of the sky, the blue of the sea, the blue of the dream, the blue m6+ and the crystal version of the roll-out have not been as fast as expected.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.