Ocean River shares (002.04): product structure is continuously optimized, and the effect of the reforms is gradually reflected in the company ' s 2021 semi-annual report. During the reporting period, the company achieved business revenue of q2 of which it earned $5.02 billion in a single season, an increase of 20.74 per cent.
In the first half of the year, the alcohol industry has been growing steadily, with a clear advantage of high-end, sub-high-end brands, and the trend towards concentration, branding, and high-end growth has continued to be highlighted.
The marketing strategy for "More Liquor, Multiple Brands" has led to a steady increase in the price system, and 64% of the business objectives set out in the equity incentives have been achieved.
The Māori rate +1.21 pct to 74.43 per cent, mainly as a result of the optimization of the product structure.
Dream series continues to rise; sales cost is 8.62 per cent, compared to 0.18 pct; companies are looking at the future. (1) The company is surrounded by high-end, branding and development battles (2) and has succeeded in building the dream 's blue crystals, the bi-crowd treasurer's bottled wine, etc.
Good products, constantly magnifying; (3) dream 6+ good marketing, initial completion of the national layout; dream 3 crystal version, initial replacement of the old version, new edition, promising upgrading of the blue sky, sea blue, product structure and profitability.
Continuous improvement; (4) promotion of equity incentives, product marketing, repayments, etc.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers of Chinese securities. The company will not receive this report from recipients.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.