Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) event: previous corporate buy-backs totalling $1 billion for employee equity incentives, employee purchase prices
103.73 is the average buy-back price, with an incentive of more than 5,000 people, a full equity incentive of 200,000 per capita, and the top three leaders of the company are about to open a new product life cycle.
M6 + 700 + price belt, which has achieved rapid growth based on complete substitution for old m6 and a better consumption climate in provinces with higher consumption prices in the provinces and some of the mainstream; m3 Crystal market has been completed with a slightly slower acceptance by consumers in the provinces, mainly due to the fact that the price of the crystal version is from 400 to 400
When the dollar rises to $500, the four-way price leaps, short-term prices dramatically raise consumer growth, and company prices compare to the 300-year-old season, it is expected to be released. Next month, the blue of the sky and the blue of the sea are expected to be replaced by the next month and early next year, respectively.
So, starting in 2022, the company will start a new round of product week-of-the-art reform of all the dominant products, the essence of which is marketing model innovation, and the core of two of the company's core monoliths, m6+, m3 crystal, is a completely new control board.
In addition, the cost-sharing system has been re-established to shift the cost of guest gifts around consumers and to improve cost efficiency, and the m6+ and m3 crystals have formed a combination box; and the promotion of integrated vendor reform has led to the creation of the One.
Business integration, multi-business alignment model, current price system for the core products of the company, significant improvement in the relationship between the company and the distributors, increased incentive for channel sales; split between the two branches of the company into five, new, higher-end, dream blue, sea sky, two-trenched industries, further fine-tuning the organizational structure along with the output
The company is now moving forward with a 100-day offensive, and is about to change the blue sky, and the reforms are going in order, starting with a new cycle of product life in the price belts from M6+, with optimism.
Looking forward to 21 years of income margins acceleration. Previously, Chairman Jang started to divide sales by adding to the already developed marketing strategy, tactics, and, under the new leadership, the company is expected to step up the pace of business 1. Ocean River shares (002304); shareholder meeting feedback.
Channel marketing has not been as fast as expected; the blue of the sea, the blue of the sky have not been as fast as expected; and the blue m6+ of the dream, the crystal version has not been as fast as expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.