The blue sky rises, the year-round increase is likely to occur, and the company expects to complete the first round of national pipelines in August. The blue sky rises, and the profits are expected to rise.
In the near future, the company is expected to complete the first round of national pipelines in August. The new edition of the extra-provincial market is expected to increase the volume from 480 ml to 500 ml, with a target price of 320 dollars, with each link forecast to account for 50 dollars higher than the precondition.
We expect further increases in corporate-wide profits after the introduction of the new products. The reforms have been very effective, and the low-stock support products have been smooth.
Since 2019, companies have fully mobilized the motivation of distributors through the remodelling of a new “one-stop, multi-market” channel system; changing sales rigidity to flexible, cross-cutting tests, widening the scope for operation and growth of channels;
Strict control of the speed of delivery has led to a significant reduction in the level of pipeline stocks, which has yielded significant results. Research has shown that the company’s current stock levels in local markets are historically low, and this will help the blue line of the new edition to be successfully completed.
And given the low stock of products, we think that the company has a certain weight base at the moment. And the company has recently launched a core backbone stock rush.
1. Ocean River Shares (002.04): Incentive schemes, greater interest binding, motivation of core cadres, motivation for this year ' s performance appraisal goals, motivation for transition upgrading
This is a 5% increase over the annual report, which imposes a higher demand on companies to sell their products this year. So, as the company's 100-day campaign and the horn of "second business startup" are launched, we expect the company to start growing faster in the second half of the year. The dream series continues to work.
Annual Report & 2021q1 Quarterly Review: Adjustments have been effective, development prospects are promising, the Sea Sky Series is gradually being upgraded and released over time, and we expect the company to build up in advance.
Gradual energy will be released gradually, with accelerated growth expected in the second half of the year, the goal of which is to complete the year-round speed test, the profit forecast and investment rating: the new edition of the blue sky is about to emerge, the product is going well, the stock options are driving the test, and we expect that this year's firm's acceleration targets will be completed. On this basis, we maintain that
The company is expected to earn $243,863.8 million in 2021-2023;