The stockholding plan is wide-ranging and the conditions for unlocking it are high.
On 15 July, the company released its first core backbone holding plan (draft). A share incentive is proposed for 5,100 core cadres.
The draft shareholding plan is intended to award a total of 1,002 million shares to directors (excluding independent directors), supervisors, senior managers, and mid-level and above and core cadres of corporate directors and fully-owned subsidiaries who are determined by the board to be important for the overall performance and medium- and long-term development of the company.
Senior managers, such as CEOs, hold only 1% of the total number of shares awarded, while core cadres at all levels receive a more average number of shares, which helps to bind the personal interests of core managers and the long-term growth of the company. Prices are awarded with a higher incentive, with unblocking conditions focusing on the size of the income and market share
The Unit has a higher incentive than the 300-degree trend. The stock-locking conditions for this stock-holding plan are the planned business income break-offs in 2021, which aim to increase the size of the company’s income and increase its market share, and to unlock the income in the terms.
It seems that the high requirements to unblock the plan’s performance will help the company’s medium- and long-term performance to be released steadily. The new executive team took office, the product upgrade continued, and the company held a general meeting of shareholders on February 23, to elect Mr. Chang as its Chairman and Mr. Chung Yu as its Deputy Chairman and Director General.
Mr. Yu and Mr. Liu Xianxian are vice-presidents. Chairman Zhang is based on long-term accommodation, experience in the country’s capital-related work, wealth, and familiarity with the river’s situation, and his previous experience is expected to help accelerate the pace of convergence of the new executives.
Other products in the list are upgraded to achieve long-term sustainable development through a thorough rationalization of the vendor relationship. Given that the positive effects of the upgrade of m6+m3 are fully recognized in the s010520080003 channel, it is expected that future product upgrades will be further advanced.
The new management has been completed, and in conjunction with the continuous upgrading of the product matrix, we are looking forward to a new development and a return to rapid growth during the "14th Five-Year" period.
The ocean's past was twice as bright as it was now. The company valued less than 47 times the white plate in 2021 (wind's common expectation, averaging of numbers), and maintained a “recommended” rating, taking into account the effectiveness of the company's adjustment initiatives.
The forecast of corporate financial statements is summarized in Jing, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, Master of Science, etc. In 2011, it entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Human Security.
In 2018, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the channels of compliance, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, sought to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions were not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.