In 2021, a mid-point evaluation was published: “Second Entrepreneurship”, which is expected to last millions of yuan, i.e., +28.6 per cent of the year, and the result of the “Second Entrepreneurship” was significantly higher.
Billion dollars, +27.5%, we judge that the company’s recent series of reforms in terms of employee remuneration, channel policies, etc. have significantly improved internal employee and distributor motivation, and that the firm’s introvert to change has accelerated the release. On the cost side, 2021q2 company sales cost 13.5%.
+0.1 pct, 8.8% management cost, -1.4 pct, overall, the efficiency of the use of corporate costs in the context of “secondary entrepreneurship” has increased steadily on a year-on-year basis, and the results of the reforms are beginning to show.
The crystal version of the consumer's recognition has risen and the upgrade is going well, and it is expected to be released in the mid-autumn season; the new blue channel has significantly expanded its profits compared to the previous one, and the goods have been placed smoothly since they were officially marketed in August 2021; and the products of the Sea Blue, Dream 9 and Handicrafts are actively seeking market breakthroughs and are expected to move forward.
Step-up; the two-channel system is functioning independently, promising brand recovery; precious wine has been cultivated for several years, 1 and " Ocean River Shares" (002304); the trend of soy sauce is gradually entering the harvest period. In the market by market, 2021h1 achieves an out-of-area income.
In recent years, companies have introduced a “one-stop, multi-market” model of manufacturers that continuously optimizes the distribution system, distributors and terminal stock levels, stimulates landings and drives the upgrading of transformations.
In the area of personnel, since 2021, the company has been working hard to improve the existing remuneration system and to improve the treatment of sales workers, while at the same time it has been actively reviewing the annual report & 2021q1 Quarterly:
Promoting the entry of equity incentives and improving internal appraisal mechanisms will greatly stimulate endogenous dynamism, and the development prospects for adjustment will allow for the subsequent development of energy savings. Given the current positive market performance of companies, the dividends of the reforms are expected to accelerate the release of the dividends.
We believe that the company’s year-round acceleration targets are achievable.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the previous profit forecast, and it is expected that the company East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., 2021-2023, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, will have a portfolio investment advisory.