The first employee holding plan was launched to stimulate business activity.
The company has issued the first draft of the Core Stockholding Scheme, which is intended to provide incentives to no more than 5,100 employees, including company directors, supervisors, senior managers, etc. The size of the holdings does not exceed 9.6613 million shares, or 0.64% of the total equity of the company. The maximum amount of financing proposed for this Stockholding Scheme is $1,002 million.
The total planned share size is not more than 9.6613 million shares, or 0.64% of the total stock of the company. Incentives are directed at directors of the company (excluding independent directors), supervisors, senior managers, and mid-level and above and core cadres who are determined by the board of directors to be important to the overall performance and medium- and long-term development of the company.
5100 employees. The stock-holding plan was introduced for a 36-month period, with a regular 24-month lock-in for the target stock and a 15-per-cent increase in annual operating income over 2021. If the company’s performance fell short of the target during the appraisal period, the equity share was recovered by the Board of Directors, sold after the expiry of the lock-up, and returned to the holder on the basis that the amount of the contribution was lower than the amount sold.
The company's first employee-holding scheme, which was launched this time, has put in place long-term corporate incentives, effectively binds core staff and company interests, fully motivates staff to work for the future of the company's development strategy and its business objectives, leads to product upgrading and multi-products upgrading. The company is currently working on a multi-level product upgrading.
Nationalization has been completed, resulting in the replacement of m6 with a steady increase in batch prices and a basic stability of $600 in price bands. Stock stocks are at a historically low level, dealers are more motivated to raise money and channel profits. M3+ is gradually replacing m3 with old and new alternatives. In the same way as high-end products are being developed, companies are expected to upgrade the product structure of the sky, sea blue, and double-trenched brands over the course of the year.
The company recently issued a circular on the restructuring of the division of work among some of its leaders, appointing Comrade Zhang to lead the full-scale work of the joint-stock company, managing the entire group trade, and running the two-circle liquor industry and the two-circle liquor sales company.
Comrade Liu Xianxian has assisted Comrade Chung Yu in managing the stock company, managing the product centre and the internationalization strategy, and working with the trade committee of the liability group. Based on the start-up year of the 14th Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-O.
In the 14th year of operation, the company will continue to implement the “12345” strategic system and promote a further increase in the value of its products.
With the upgrading and restructuring of the product, the first core-bore-holding plan (draft) is expected to contribute to a further rapid increase in corporate performance. The bottom 300 index of the company’s “market index” benchmark for this rating system is maintained.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.