Accelerating performance recovery is in the process of being established — Ocean River shares (002304.sz) Cao Xute
q2 recovery speeded up, profitability increased, and cost inputs remained stable. q2 collection and withholding of non-net interest debt increased by $1.57 billion to $5.517 billion compared to the negative policy of control and repayment, with strong willingness to pay back.
After spring, the company has increased its efforts to develop its products.
The blue products of the sky have been re-listed in local market stop-and-control stocks. Dream blue 6+ and dream 3 products have been imported into and out of the province, and are expected to double the rapid growth in the province, dream 3+ crystals have completely replaced old dream 3 products in mid-autumn season, and seafood has stopped a slight decline in growth.
In the first half of the year, substantial changes were maintained in the distribution of dealers. The growth rate in the 21h1 province and beyond was related to late entry and greater market reform and penetration space. The number of distributors was 9163, compared to 3167 and 5996 respectively in and outside the province. In the first half of the year, 254 and 1134 dealers, respectively, accounted for the end of the period.
The dream blues have succeeded in changing the world, and the ocean's two-time drinking strategy is clear. The ocean's basics have grown faster, the company has grown faster, the new sky is on the market after the dream blues have changed, the price system has improved, the profits and consumer values of the channels have been improved, and the price increases are expected to allow the sky's blues to compete gradually for sub-high markets and increase.
Competing competition. It is expected that the blue year of the sea will be upgraded around the end of the year, pushing the overall structure upwards.
Quick-trend clear: 2021-04-29 Double the growth trend, roll out a business-based strategy for modest product development, accelerate product upswing, and work with ocean-water products to promote the rejuvenation of wine.
2- Ocean River Shares (002304.sz) Performance Forecast Point is expected to meet the $4 billion sales target.
Watch the company succeeds in nurturing the blue sea price belt and returning the second-highest king. The company uses a national network and brand influence to engage a wide range of businesses, drawing lessons from the saturation of seafood products, and taking the lead in the three-quarterly editions of Ocean River Shares (002304.sz):
More than $600 in the blue sea price band, strict enforcement of quota systems and digital control boards, restoration of channel profits. m6+ Ending successive downside reforms showing positive results.
Prices, together with competitions, are expected to improve the market climate within the country. The next high end of the price ceiling, consumption upgrades, and so on, is expected to become the price belt of the higher end of $500-800, with the company’s access and marketing capabilities leading the competition, with the prospect of a series of products growing up and leading gradually released.
Reforms have opened a new cycle of corporate growth for good, equity incentives and new management. Corporate equity incentives are widespread, incentives are put in place for young cadres in the company, internal morale and culture have improved significantly since the new management came into office, the culture of catching up has become stronger, and the company has achieved significant results in the 100-day campaign of business and function lines.
New products, such as the blues of the sky, have been sold and are expected to exceed the growth target of 15% in the last year’s stimulus package. Public-sector reforms will end well, and business will be more robust and benign.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in the present report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.