17/07/2021: The company released the first phase of the Nucleus Stockholding Scheme at the Jiangsu River Liquor Co. Ltd.
It is proposed to launch the first phase of the Core Bones Holding Scheme, with a stock size of no more than 9,661,310 shares, or about 0.64% of the total stock holdings of the company on the day of the announcement, with a total fund-raising ceiling of $1.002 billion, repurchase prices, equity incentives to release dynamism and performance appraisals to drive the transition.
Equity incentives, with the current stockholding plan not exceeding 0.64 per cent of the total corporate equity on the announcement date, with a total fund-raising ceiling of $1.002 billion, mainly directed towards the company management and core cadres, contributing to greater interest binding, stimulating core cadres, and further releasing the public.
In addition, this shareholding plan sets performance targets that require companies to drive companies to continue their strategic transformation, to stay firmly committed to high-quality development paths and to travel further on the path of “secondary entrepreneurship”.
m6+ nationalization is progressing well, and m3 crystallization is improving as expected. Thanks to strong competitiveness and excellent control of pipeline stocks in the $600 price belt, m6+ income was maintained at high rates in the first half of 2021, the out-of-town market continued to expand, and the nationalization route proceeded well. m3 crystallization import
According to research, the profits from the expansion of its channels have become more abundant, the willingness of its distributors to raise money will increase further in the second half of the year, and we expect sales revenue to be on the horizon, with the product moving in an orderly manner.
Annual Report & 2021q1 Quarterly Review: Product series, expected to complete package change upgrades during the year, changes in products such as Sea Blue have been successful and development prospects are promising
And then, in an orderly fashion, we expect a positive increase in revenue this year from the Sea Sky Series.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: the introduction of equity incentives will give the company a great deal of incentive to get its core in place, dream 6+ performance period.
We're looking forward to 2021-Tung Wu Securities Co. Ltd. with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.