Ocean River shares (00204) Critical Events Rapid Review, 16/07/2021
Equity incentives have fallen and growth certainty has increased.
On 15 July, the company issued the first draft of the Core Bones Holdings Plan, which contained a stock size of up to 9.66 million shares, with an average purchase value of $103.73/equity, with a funding ceiling of $1 billion. It is proposed that no more than 5,100 cadres of senior and middle-level managers of the company be awarded, with performance appraisals required as incentives to enter, core management interests tied, and medium-term performance certainty further enhanced.
In 2021, the company’s 14th Five-Year Plan was launched. The company’s new chairman, with a strong management early in the year, is expected to lead the company’s new journey. The equity incentive scheme, which was launched for more than 5,000 core business cadres, will further boost team motivation and help the company develop rapidly.
People and core cadres, including the chairman, Chongdong, the vice-chairman, Chung Yu, and the executive president, Liu Xianxian, each are to hold 1 per cent of the shareholding plan. 2) Size of shareholding: product upgrades are going well, dream 6+ release time, crystallization is going on, dream 6+ is coming on and the sky is going on for more than a year.
And, according to the feedback from the channel, the dealer returns more actively, the terminal is good, and the channel stock is the lowest in the past year. The dealer returns at about 65% of the year, with the dream 6+ returns exceeding expectations and the first half of the year increasing by more than 50%. Crystal dreams have also basically led to the replacement of channel products.
Reforms have been successful, business stops have been established, dividends have been released, and 14th Five-Year Restorative Growth is possible, and the company has been undergoing a thorough marketing transition since 2019, with a two-year reform pace that has refined control and product upgrades well. The company is now in the harvest of the reform dividend, with the built-in vibrative energy gradually increasing. The highest potential 600 to 700-bit band at the end of the dream 6+precision card position has been initially established, opening up to a strong position with the competition.
In the medium-to-long term, the company’s product upgrade has been successful, business stops have been established, and will continue to benefit from an upscaling of consumption and sub-high-end expansion, and accelerated growth in performance during the 1455s. Investment proposals: up the previous profit forecast, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Over the past two years, corporate reforms have been steadily moving forward, with the benefits of the reforms being shown, the dividends released gradually, and the turning points have been established. In the medium and long term, considering that the company’s sea-dynamy upgrades have been smooth, high-end is advancing steadily, and that the new vision 6+ has continued to spread throughout the country, the company is expected to enter the accelerated growth path.
Schedule: Financial Forecasts and Valuations: Quick Evaluations of Bonds - Ocean Rivers - 002304: Reform Performances Up, Long-Term Developments of Double Wine Multibrands - 2021-05-31: Qin Securities — Ocean Rivers — 002304-2020 and Quarterly 2021: Non-recurrent Gains Impacted Performance, q1 Revenues and Non-Profit Premises
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels and that the logic of analysis is based on his professional understanding, seeking objectivity and fairness by reasoning his judgement and drawing conclusions