Airfields in the South (600029.sh)
Oil price disturbances have weakened, benefiting most from the recovery of the domestic market landscape Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average First-largest shipping division in the country, pre-blending to new dynamism: integration from the Department of Air Navigation, which will be directly administered by the Civil Aviation Authority
As the country’s largest airline, it is actively blending and improving operational efficiency. At the end of March, South Air announced that American Airlines (americinairlines, inc.) would invest approximately 1.5 billion Hong Kong dollars.
Acquisition of the South Airh Unit, a series of commercial collaborations, such as code sharing, intermodal transport agreements, to provide a new dynamic for the development of South Air and international routes and to increase the control and profitability of the North American market.
The structure of the need has begun to change, international demand has declined, and there has been a spillover of domestic routes. Early air traffic in the South has focused on domestic routes, with four main hubs in Guangzhou, Beijing, Urumqi, Chongqing and a base of radiation around the perimeter, creating a domestic market that leads to other brother companies.
“Increased supply and demand boosts revenue and higher oil prices drag on. In terms of passenger turnover, 24% of the industry and 70% of the country’s own domestic line supply in the three major flights.
In addition, the launch of the Beijing II airport will give Southern Airlines a good opportunity to develop its market in Beijing, with a mixed rate of growth of 10.2 per cent in the following year, a significant space for long-term growth, and a significant South Air.
3. “Mixing acceleration, strategic cooperation to open international routes - benefiting the new airport in Beijing: oil prices and exchange rate disruptions on performance: Southern aviation, due to the largest fleet size, has total fuel consumption
4. " The domestic supply and demand boom, the relative exchange gains are the highest in the country ' s aviation industry. Against a background of low oil prices in 2016, the cost of aviation oil in the South remained 24.7 per cent relative to operating costs in the first quarter of 2017, owing to the average price of Brent crude oil.
5. " Internal routes are slowing down, exchange losses are showing performance by 55% more than the previous year, causing significant pressure on aviation fuel costs. Oil prices will stabilize after the first quarter of 2017, and fuel cost pressures are expected to improve marginally. On exchange rates, Southern aviation is beginning to change the currency of its liabilities.
The size of the dollar liability has been significantly reduced, the exchange rate between the renminbi and the dollar stabilized in 2017, the exchange rate has been lost, the domestic air market has continued to recover and, with the recovery in business demand, the prices are expected to rise substantially, with the Southern Air Domestic Line accounting for the highest and the highest performance elasticity compared to the three major flights.
The pb valuations are low, with repairs to Su Bo Liang and the Yellow Van Ocean.
The macroeconomic slowdown was exceeding expectations, the price of the renminbi fluctuated significantly, and the supply of civilian shipping power exceeded expectations. Early restructuring of the merger led to the achievement of the country’s first-largest aviation division, in 1992, the Chinese Civil Aviation Authority instituted institutional reforms, and China’s Southern Airlines became autonomous, operating independently.
In 2000, China ' s Civil Aviation Authority, a self-sustaining economic entity, formally separated from the Guangzhou Administration of Civil Aviation, and operated as a main operating base.
Air Group: Air China International, Air China East, and Air China South. The company has since entered a period of merger reorganization. South China has incorporated Air China and Xinjiang, and has increased the stock holdings of several Chinese airlines. South Air has become Xiamen Air (55%), Henan Air.
(60%), Chongqing Aviation (60%), Guizhou Aviation (60%), Joohai Aviation (60%), Luang Air (60%) and Sichuan Airlines (60%), among the shareholders, are now the number one in Asia and the fourth in the world.
In recent years, the share-holding ratio of South Air’s major shareholders has been more stable.
The South Air Group Company, Inc., is a holding shareholder and the South Air Group Company holds a direct RMB 4,039 million, or 41.14 per cent of the total. The South Dragon Holdings Company Ltd., fully controlled by the South Air Group of China, holds 1,034 million foreign-listed shares, or 10.53 per cent of the total.
Hong Kong Central Settlement (Agent) Ltd. held 1,749 million shares in foreign equity, accounting for 17.82% of total equity.
The year 2017 was a year of mixed landings and a year of focused breakthroughs, and the three major airlines were once again the focus of mixed attention. National and East Air were pioneers in the field of civilisation.
The Star Plan has a cross-share with Thai Airlines (18.13% share is currently held by Thai Airlines); in April 2017, the DCRC issued an announcement that China Air Transport Group, a controlling shareholder, had agreed to undertake air cargo logistics reforms, and that the implementation of the mixed ownership system might involve China National Airlines and its subsidiaries.
On 1 September 2015, a $450 million investment and 3.55 per cent share of Daaeo Air to the East was announced as the third largest external shareholder; in April 2016, Orient Air announced strategic collaboration with the Express and increased the number of flights to Orient Air at $3 billion; and the East Air Consortium was included in the first batch of conversions of “6+1”
South Air, as the largest domestic airline, is catching up in the field of mixing. First at the group level, in January 2017, the annual working meeting of the South Air Group proposed that this year “focus should be on introducing advanced Internet companies, cross-stocking with global industry leaders or establishing joint subsidiaries.”
The introduction of offshore capital will once again be part of a mix of the country's aviation industry.
This increase, if completed, will provide a new impetus for the development of the international airline route from the South. With the rise in our per capita income and the rising demand for travel abroad in recent years, the company has begun to internationalize its network.
Airlines have been transformed and joined the Tiancong Alliance in 2007. Due to the geographical and geographical limitations of the Guangzhou base, the international route for South China is more frequent than for the direction of Australia and South-East Asia, and the long routes in North America are less frequent than for national and easterly flights.
Wireless extension, joint sales, and joint operations of the international gold mainlines to improve the control and profitability of the North American market. American Airlines is also hoping to open the Chinese market deeper through this subscription.
One of the founding members of the Allies is also the world’s largest airline. There is a dense network in North America, the Galleby Sea, South America, and Europe, but the development of China’s shipping lines is less favourable than the US-United and the D'Aviation.
South Air and the US Air Service have two different aviation alliances, which, together, will work together in depth in the light of the Alliance’s own resource advantages. In the long run, South Air has been transformed into a U.S. Air.
The market pattern of American routes. International lines demand back, domestic market climate continues to rise – 2015, with increased air consumption properties, an outbreak of outbound tourism, and international shipping as a demand for civil aviation.
The main drivers of growth are the decline in oil prices, the greater space available for four major flights (China National Airlines, Orient Airlines, South Air, Hainan Airlines) to adjust their fares downwards, stimulating demand for private tourism, and the surge in exits due to the appreciation of the renminbi and the easing of national visa policies.
Demand has grown at a significantly faster rate than domestic demand and the civil aviation industry as a whole. In 2015, the four major flights increased 13.2 per cent, 9.4 per cent, and 25.8 per cent, respectively, at the national and international levels, while the four major ships increased their supply of international lines, placing major additional capacity in 2015 as a result of lower oil prices.
To international shipping, trying to compete for international navigation rights and open up international markets in a better market environment. In 2015, the four major shipping fleets grew by 12.2%, 7.8%, and 25.7%, respectively.
In the second half of 2016, the structure of air supply and demand began to change. As a result of rapid devaluation of the renminbi in 2016, political issues such as Japan’s South Korea, and high base effects, demand on the international line began to decline.
On the supply side, as oil prices began to rise slowly, the cost of long-range routes increased more rapidly, the major shipping lines were launched without concern, and the market for international routes ended, with the international supply declining. In the second half of 2016, the demand and supply of the four major international routes were on par with the demand and supply.
Growth of 21.8 per cent and 20.6 per cent, respectively, decreased by 6.0 pts and 7.8 pts, respectively, at the same rate.  The decline in international demand was accompanied by spillovers to domestic routes, and domestic tourism travel was somewhat overtaken by the baton to sustain aviation demand.
Speeding up into the upswing, and even in the late quarter of 2016, driving the overall air demand up to the first quarter of 2017, domestic aviation demand continued to improve, with a careful build-up of capacity, pushing forward the continued rise in the domestic passenger rate. In the first quarter of 2017, the four major flights reached 84.4 per cent.
The same-year increase of 2.5 pts, the highest for the same period in five years, with a sustained recovery in domestic traffic, and a marked increase in international traffic. The international passenger rate for the same period was 80.3%, with a similar increase, but a slight increase of 0.9 pts over the same period.
Since the value of the seat left vacant after the aircraft took off became zero, the products supplied by the aviation industry were not stored, but the airport landing and labour costs were largely fixed. Thus, the increase in the guest rate could be effective in raising revenue, amortizing unit costs, and increasing the profitability of the aviation industry.
Because of the supply-demand relationship, the price elasticity of the fare will also be reflected in the revenue level of the airline.  Vision 2017, with tourism demand remaining high, accompanied by a rise in pi since the fourth quarter of 2016, the annual air demand is another important support. After the first quarter of 2017, domestic demand is over-anticipated.
Perhaps, fare prices are expected to be boosted by the rising rate of tourist arrivals during the season. The new trend in the domestic airline, the beneficiary market, has led to a new trend towards a rebound in the domestic air market, with South aviation performing with a high share of domestic lines.
From the point of view of the market as a whole, the domestic market share of Southern Airlines has a clear advantage at the end of demand.
In terms of passenger turnover, the ratio is 24%, higher than 19% for China’s national airline and 18% for Orient aviation. With domestic markets moving up, South aviation will be the largest beneficiary.
▪ From the point of view of operational capacity, although in recent years the company has slowed down the pace of the introduction of additional power on the domestic line in order to speed up the launch of international shipping lines for the purpose of positioning international routes, the domestic ask ratio is still higher than the national and easterly flights, reaching 70 per cent, and the national and easterly flights account for 60 per cent and 63 per cent, respectively.
Air transport generated $112.67 billion, of which the domestic market generated $82.26 billion, or 73%, which is also higher than the national and easterly flights. The high share of the domestic market made South China the biggest beneficiary of the domestic market boom 2016.
Since the warming of domestic markets began in the second half of the year, the increase in revenues from the South Air’s home base business and per toll-km revenue ring has been most pronounced. In the second half of 2016, South Air achieved a domestic air transport revenue of $43.78 billion, with an increase in the ring.
13.8 per cent, compared to 1.4 per cent and 11.8 per cent, respectively, in China ' s national air navigation and the Orient air ring, can be seen in the larger trend towards the return of passengers to the country ' s air industry, which, by virtue of its well-developed network of domestic markets, will have a greater impact on its performance.
▪ If domestic air transport revenues were to be broken down in 2016, we found that South Air was in the lead in the three major flights, with passenger turnover and a rise in the yield ratio per toll-km. South Air completed domestic passenger turnover of 76.4 billion km in the second half of 2016, an increase of 11.4 per cent.
In the second half of 2016, domestic revenue per toll per passenger per kilometer increased by 0.57, or 2.1 per cent, while in China, the national ring decreased by 4.6 per cent and the easterly ring grew by 1.7 per cent.
Compared with the revenues from domestic air transport in the second half of 2016, and the volume-several ring comparison data, the South’s air turnover and performance were the most resilient when the domestic market went up. The South’s air traffic continued to benefit from the first quarter of 2017, with the domestic market continuing to improve.
Due to the adequate layout of the South Air Domestic Line, the demand from the industry was enjoyed in the first quarter of 2017, with high growth rates, with domestic passenger turnover increasing by 12.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis and leading by the three major flights, China National Air and Orient Air grew by 9.3 per cent and 10.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, respectively. Good demand also contributed.
The passenger rate rose rapidly, with South China rising 3.4 ptts in 2017 on a year-on-year basis, higher than China and Orient Air 1.7 pts and 1.3 pts. South Air benefited from its own lead sheep on domestic routes in the first quarter of 2017, based on operating revenue.
It can also be seen that operating income has increased by 10.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, higher than China National Airlines and Orient Airlines, and that the recovery in business demand in the first quarter of 2017 has been accompanied by an expected rise in domestic aviation, which will be the largest beneficiary and will continue to enjoy the dividends of the boom in the domestic market.
The Beijing Capital Airport, although one of the southern air bases, has a low market rate at the capital airport, accounting for approximately 17 per cent, or 1.05 million, in 2016, compared to the Chinese national air traffic.
Beijing is a capital city, a centre of political and cultural activity, a good passenger flow, a good passenger base, and an airline to gain Beijing. China’s share of the capital’s airport market is dominant and stable, and the market in Beijing is urgently needed if Southern Airlines is to maintain its leading position in the domestic market.
• Construction of Beijing II airport, with phase I of the construction terminal expected to be operational in 2019, phase I expected to be fully operational in 2025, with a capacity of 72 million, giving South Air a good opportunity to develop its presence in Beijing. South Air, as a member of the TCI, will cover about 40% of the flow of passengers to the new airport.
By volume, South Air would have borne some 28.8 million trips, with a mixed rate of 10.2 per cent for visitors in Beijing the following year, with significant long-term growth space, with South Air benefiting significantly from the new airport in Beijing, with oil prices and exchange rate perturbations on performance decreasing.
The factors affecting the volatility of oil prices are complex, linked to the global economy and politics, independent of airlines, difficult to predict, and the risk of oil price volatility is one of the major risks to airline performance. While major airlines focus on green development, they adopt various energy-saving reduction measures, but with the airline public.
As a result, the Department’s supply has increased. Southern aviation, owing to its largest fleet, has the highest supply level, with a total consumption of 7.31 million tons in 2016, the highest in the country’s aviation industry, with an increase of 8.0 per cent, comparable to an increase of 8.2 per cent in the supply rate.
▪ Against a background of low oil prices in 2016, the cost of aviation oil in the South remained at 24.7 per cent relative to the operating cost, owing to other costs being more rigid in the main business costs, fluctuations in aviation kerosene prices, changes in the main business costs and lower net airline interest rates, while at the same time generating corporate profits
In the first quarter of 2017, with the 55 per cent increase in the average price of Brent crude oil on a year-on-year basis, the pressure on aviation fuel was enormous, with South aviation operating costs of $26,400 million, or 21.0 per cent, faster than the increase in revenue, resulting in a 7.3 per cent decline in the Māori rate, which resulted in the company ' s eventual operating profit of $1.84 billion, a reduction in the same rate.
The price of oil will be stable, with Brent crude oil having a narrow concussion of $55 per barrel, and in the second, third, and fourth seasons, because of the impact of oil prices on airline performance, we have measured the sensitivity of oil price movements to the net profit of Southern aviation. Under the 2017 Brent oil price scenario of $55 per barrel, if the price of oil is so high,
The exchange rate is another important factor affecting the airline’s net profit. When airlines buy aircraft, the principal is settled through the dollar, resulting in a higher dollar liability as a share of the total liability. When there is a net dollar debt, the exchange loss will have a significant impact on the net profit if the renminbi depreciates.
Six months after the rapid devaluation of the renminbi, Southern Airlines began to change its debt currency structure, reducing its stock of dollar debt through its own foreign currency funds to pay its dollar debt, swapping its external debt, and the size of its foreign currency loans was significantly reduced. As of 2016, the ratio of United States dollar liabilities had fallen from 66.1 per cent at the end of 2015
However, as a result of the decline in the dollar debt ratio, Southern Airlines ' net loss on exchange in 2016 was $3.266 billion, a decrease of $2,436 million. The exchange rate of the renminbi against the United States dollar is expected to stabilize in 2017, while the debt ratio overhang against the United States dollar continues to decline, and the loss on exchange is expected to continue to decrease in the same year.
We measure the sensitivity of exchange rate movements to China’s net profits. If the renminbi changes by 1% against the dollar, China’s net profits are sensitive by 2.6%, compared to the 6.0% published by the company in 2016. Chart 21: South Air’s dollar debt is significantly lower.
At present, South Airpb is about 1.75 times higher than its own history, except for the 2013-2014 industry, where the pb valuation is low. And compared to the American oligopoly airline, where the water valuation is much more uneven, and the United States Department of Air Affairs has been in a strong profit cycle since 2009.
Continued improvements have resulted in higher equity-connected innovation, with pb generally more than 2.8 times higher. South air service performance declined significantly in the first quarter of 2017, but in the second and third quarters, with the onset of the season, a sustained recovery in domestic market climates, and the exhaustion of exchange rate discounts on oil prices, South aviation performance forecasted.
There is room for improvement, and there is room for valuation restoration. Empk: In recent times, domestic demand has risen, Southern aviation will enjoy a good dividend from domestic demand; international routes are expected to slow slightly, and overall aviation demand will remain high.
(ask): It is expected that South China will continue to channel some of the additional capacity into the domestic line to meet the trend of returning passengers, and that the recovery of international shipping rights will slow down. The macroeconomic slowdown is exceeding expectations, the price of the renminbi is highly volatile, and the supply of civilian shipping power is exceeding expectations.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.