Ocean River shares (002.04) Food beverages, high growth in dream series, continued upgrading of product structure, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: the company released its three-quarter report for 2018, which achieved income of $21 billion in the first three quarters (a year-on-year + 24 per cent) and a net profit of $7 billion (a year-on-year + 26 per cent); of which 18q3 achieved revenue of $6.4 billion (a year-on-year + 20 per cent) and a net profit of $2 billion (a year-on-year + 22 per cent). The performance of 18q3 was slightly lower than expected.
• Income: July price increases have led to advance stocking by distributors and a slowdown in revenue growth of 18q3. The company's 18q3 revenue was $6.4 billion (+20% of the same year), cash refunds were $8.3 billion (+16% of the same year), and, as of the third quarter, advance pricing by distributors for blue classics had been increased.
Over 50% growth is expected to be achieved throughout the year: the blue of the sea, the blue of the sky, with a slight increase in income affected by price increases, and the size of the company’s income is expected to grow steadily.
Consumer tax payments for May-September led to a significant increase in consumer tax expenditure. 2 Sales cost & overhead: higher; administrative cost of 6.8 per cent, a decrease of 2.5 percentage points from the previous year, mainly as a result of management efficiency improvements and sustained income growth. 18q3 river net interest rate of 31.8 per cent, a 0.5 percentage point increase from the same year, no
With the upgrading of the product structure and the continuous improvement of business efficiency, the profitability of the company is expected to increase further. The product structure upgrades + expansion outside the province, with long-term steady growth, can be expected. From the end-consumption structure, white wine is gradually returning to popular consumer goods, and the ocean is a leading business, focusing on sub-higher products.
Blue m3, blue sky, etc.), dynamic high-end markets (Blue of the Dream, Blue of the Dream, Blue of the Dream, Blue Handies, etc.), steady development of products (Blue of the Sea, etc.), constantly optimizing the product structure to cater for the rising levels of public consumption; and companies, with strong brands, products and channels, are taking a national look at the city of Xinjiang Soo on a continuous basis.
On the ground, in the search for growth points, it is expected that, by 2020, the ratio of income of the river within Jiangsu province and beyond will be 3:7. Companies, as popular drinking leaders, are upgrading their product structure and nationalization, and will remain relatively high in the future.
Large growth space, income size and profitability are expected to continue to grow, covering for the first time, with an "enhancement" of company profiles: blue classics, popular wine taps, ocean rivers, one of the eight most famous wines, with two Chinese old letters, Ocean Rivers, Twin Trenchs, and products, including blue passages.
The company has broken the traditional fragrant distinction, creating a low and lightly “soft” taste, and successfully launched the blue classic series in 2003, opening the new phase of the ocean river. After many years of branding, products, and channels, the company is now third in China’s white and wine industry on a sales scale of nearly 20 billion.
The company’s main business structure: the company’s main business is white wine, which accounts for 96% of the revenue, with the blue classic series accounting for about 75% of the revenue, with the dream series continuing to grow high and the product structure rising significantly. From the distribution area, the company has gradually expanded its external market based on Jiangsu base camp, presenting the New Jiangsu Market Strategy in 2015, with the point and face layout province.
Corporate performance: The three-public consumption restrictions policy in 2012 had a significant impact on the white and wine industry, and the recovery phase began in 2015. The ocean’s grip on industry opportunities, while accelerating out-of-provincial market layout, has been protected for nearly three years.
With more than 20% of the revenue growth rate; on the other hand, the company actively adjusted its intra-provincial market to achieve double-digit growth in 2017, with a secure flagship position. At the profit end, profit growth has been faster than income growth (with the impact of the consumption tax adjustment removed in 2017, real profits are expected to grow faster than income growth) and profitability has been higher.
Upgraded. Corporate income and profitability are expected to increase as the provincial marketing is refined and the provincial expansion is positive. 1) White wine business: Future expansion of the New Jiangsu market is expected to continue as the company ' s product structure continues to grow, company structural upgrading and nationalization are expected to take place, there is still much room for growth in the future, and income size and profitability are expected to continue to rise.
No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.