Revenues meet expectations, consumer tax adjustments drag profits to the end of income: q3 dream blues pick up again, channels eased to help raise prices. During the reporting period, companies received what they expected, and the blue rings of dreams increased faster.
The start-up price of the Southern Subregion's wedding feast has jumped to dream 6. The 17-year dream blue price increases are also driving up prices. 2) The blue blue of the sea and the blue of the sky q3 have fallen slightly, mainly due to digestion of the price of the season. Grass root studies show that the q3 and the q3 have increased at nearly 10%, and the ring has fallen.
According to reports, the price of sea/sky blue supply was increased by $10/15 per bottle at the beginning of October, so the q3 terminal digests price increases and stocks, resulting in a lower than expected rate of blue increase in the q3 sea/day. The company prepaid the balance of its accounts at the end of the third quarter, with an increase of $714 million over the ring, showing stock digestion through price increases.
Good; according to grass-roots research, the current sea/sky blue stock is lower than in the same period last year, and it is expected that the storage will be gradually cleared and prices will be further refined. For two years, the company has gradually increased the price/end price of the blue supply/end price in the province, with the October price increases on the ground, and the strategic layout is expected to be completed.
The profit margin has increased so that it does not have to increase at a quarterly rate, looking for a long-term positive growth. 1-3q18 sells goods with 22,290 million in cash, compared with 24,91 per cent, with a slight excess of income to the profit end: q3, which is slightly lower than expected, mainly due to the approved adjustment of tax prices for consumer tax. 18q3 Māori
The method of production has been changed from commissioning to self-production by white wine producers, with consumption taxes accounted for from commissioning to taking into account the cost of white wine production, to self-production and sale by white wine producers.
Take into account taxes and attachments. 2) The sea/day/dream blue price rises; 3) The dream blues continue to grow nationwide and embrace high-quality statements. On the cost side, the cost of 1-3q sales is 9.46%, equal to 0.06 pct, q3 sold.
Direct fine-tuning control and management of distribution terminals by the manufacturer; 2) Selected products like dream blues to reduce value investments 2018-04-27 plus 13.26 pc, Ring + 8.07 pct, mainly because the Tax Administration again approved the consumption tax in 18 years
Tax prices, slightly higher than the last approved base, and as a result of the payment of the 18h1 consumer tax difference by q3 were measured at 18h1 tax plus (more than 70 per cent of the consumption tax, the main influencing factor) at $200 million to cover the 18h1 consumer tax difference, an increase of +275.0 per cent over the same period, and the tax and surcharge rates reached
19.51%, same increase +13.26pt, ring ratio +8.07pc, approved tax base increases the company's profits, product structure upgrades, consumption tax effects are gradually digested, net interest rates are still open.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board