Three-flower mind control (002050.sz) Long-term growth outlook for the heated management poles Clarity of strategy, global layout, management of the core components of the heat management. Three-flower mind control with heat pump technology.
The development and development of thermal management system products has been implemented at the core, from the development of mechanical products to integrated systems control in electronic control Upgrade of technical solutions, established to date, focusing on components and components of thermal management products, horizontal product product product extension (valves, pumps, radiators, components, etc.), vertical industry expansion (house power, commercial refrigeration, etc.)
In 2022, the company earned 46.5% of its foreign operations, and has established overseas production bases in the United States, Poland, Mexico, Viet Nam, India, etc., with global delivery capacity. The heat management industry track, good pattern, and seizes the opportunity of new energy growth, and the company has grown from a core of components to a global delivery capability.
Industry leads. The new energy auto heat management industry has a single-car value of about $6,500, which is two times higher than the fuel vehicle (the main increase is the battery side and the system is more complex), the company captures the core parts, raises the proportion of integrated component products, and currently has a single-car package value of over $5,000.
The industry is highly concentrated, with a projected increase of about $180 billion in market space worldwide in car heat management, with more than 50% of the world’s traditional international flagships, Fareo, Hanang, and Mahler firms. Domestic firms are active in the new energy-cruising market, with three brains in the electronic-inflating valves, new energy, etc.
The global market for integrated component products for primary car heat management is the largest, with companies accompanying the rapid development of new energy core customers, increasing the share of revenues from integrated components, and building industry’s global flagship. Development of storage energy, robotics, etc., technology homogeneity, new growth points.
In the first half of 2023, the storage and energy companies broke through the industry, and the poles were collected. In robotics, the company focuses on imitating robotic machine executors (the core of motion control, which costs about 70% of industrial robotics).
Three-quarterly tri-quarterly report (002050.sz)-2023 on evaluation-profit sustainability The business is of the same origin as the company's existing products in electrical control technology, and the company has 50 members.
The company is expected to recruit professionals in the fields of motors, transmissions, electrical controls, sensors, etc., and will develop research and development groups.
The company has been working with multiple clients and is actively planning overseas production layouts, with a pre-emptive advantage.
Tri-quarterly review of tri-quarterly reports (002050.sz)-2022 - robust growth, risk, customer outreach, exchange rate risk, etc.
This paper is mainly a review of the growth history of the Three Flowers, as well as the long-term growth of the company. Looking back at the development of the Three Flowers, while managing the core components of the heat, the company continues to expand its product categories and downstream applications, whether by adding various types of valves, pumps, radiator products to the market, or by relying on the core.
Core parts and components are upgraded to integrated components, with a focus on the main industry, and are more competitive and market-driven in the industry. Moreover, as a result of long-term forward-looking research and development, companies are able to accurately capture industry trends, and as a result of the technological interoperability of the thermal management core zero, they are able to migrate to multiple applications to achieve sustainability of growth.
The growth rate is 28.9 per cent, and the growth potential is still strong. We conclude that the competitiveness of companies is as follows. 1 Strategic clarity, global development. With research and applications of heat pump technology and heat management system products at its core, the company upgrades its output from “Mine Department Development” to “E-Control Integrated System Control Technology Solutions Development,”
The product series expands from domestic air conditioning, refrigerator components to commercial air conditioning, commercial refrigeration, and extends to the integration of frequency control technologies and systems. In the context of globalization, the company generated 46.5% of its foreign business income in 2022 and established overseas in Japan, South Korea, Singapore, the United States, Mexico, Germany, etc.
Companies, global marketing networks. Overseas production bases have been set up in the United States, Poland, Mexico, Viet Nam, India, etc., with global delivery capacity. 2, Focus on leadership, pursuit of excellence.
Classes: Refrigerator: two three-bit electromagnetic valves, air-conditioning four-way valves, auto-air-conditioning heat-inflating valves, and bringing the triflower group into the domestic refrigerators, air-conditioning and auto parts industry. Since its establishment in 1994, the listed companies have focused on the thermal management industry, pure operations, starting with valves, horizontal product expansion (pumps, valves, radiators, radiators, etc.)
The vertical industry expansion (house power, commercial refrigeration, automobiles, storage energy) has been fully validated for the development of product consistency and stability to date.3 The forward layout, long-term iterative, is from cost to technology.
Car heat-inflating valves, a joint venture with a Japanese company in 1994 to produce car heat-inflating valves, three flowers, zero steam, established in 2004, with 8 per cent R & D input +, 1,000 + R & D, patented 740 +, became the Automobile Parts Research and Development Centre in 2009, and in 2010 launched car-inflating valves and electric car heat pump air-conditioning systems.
Research and development will allow for the successful capture of market demand from the rising demand for new energy vehicle cooling patterns, the application of electronic expansion valves to the automotive sector, and the smooth transition from downstream applications to foreign capital. This will include follow-up firms moving into storage, robotic, and technologically efficient.
Strategicly clear, global layout, global flagship in heat management, formerly China-Japan Joint Venture, Sino-Japanese Industrial Co. Ltd., September 1994, run by Xinchang Refrigeration Plant, Zhejiang Province (the front of the Sanctuary Group) and the Japanese no-two mechanism, Mitsubishi Commercial Corporation of Japan, Japan.
Three Japanese enterprises, such as the present East Trade Corporation, were co-financed and converted into limited domestic resources in September 2001