It's a big picture. It's a big picture. It's a big look.
The firm is the largest securities firm in the country. It maintains or acquires a leading position in a number of business areas.
The company relies on a combination of the top shareholders and the Sino-Bank, the Sino-Trust Trust, the Quaker Life Insurance, etc.
The company’s financial position is sound. The company’s capital is strong, its business is well organized, its business is diverse, its license plate is basically complete, its internal governance is good, and its development philosophy is in line with the trend of the times.
The size of the ipo project and the number of leading industries. Benefiting from capital market reforms, the investment industry (ttm) benefits from capital market reforms, as well as from a broad customer base and good absorptive capacity.
Investments are expected to continue their growth trend over the long term. 16.84%. Corporate stock ownership maintains a focus on the fundamentals of listed companies, while strengthening the drivers of top-down macro-strategy research on portfolio style and industry configuration.
The self-employed operations will continue to optimize the system of investment, strengthen the combination of macro, meso and micro studies, improve business soundness, explore more meta-investment models and enhance capital utilization.
As domestic cycles and new patterns of domestic and international dual-cycle developments accelerate, the headline concentration of the securities sector is expected to continue to intensify, and companies, as leading firms, are expected to continue to benefit. For the first time, coverage is given, with companies being given an “additional” rating.
(c) Credit default risk: industry regulatory risk: industry competition increases risk.
The main players are: securities brokers; securities investment advice; financial advisers related to securities trading and portfolio investment activities; securities underwriting and insurance; securities self-employment; securities asset management; and integration.
Bonds: Portfolio Fund swaps: a long-term company provides middle-level presentations. Sino-Portfolio securities maintain or gain a leading position in a number of business areas. The company focuses closely on the centre of the economy of the service entity, further refining the five main players: financiers, wealth managers, trading services and liquidity providers, market important investors, and risk managers.
Reconstructing and consolidating core competitiveness. The company relies on the first major shareholder to form an integrated business model of CBMs together with such companies as Sino-Bank, Sino-Trust Trust, Shinto Life Insurance, etc., and to provide customers with both inside and outside China and with the Sino-Credit International Financial Control Unit, and with the development of China’s capital markets, the company’s operations have expanded rapidly, and were launched for the first time in December 2002.
a Shares, first publicly released in October 2011, leading to a two-way listing. During the development period, companies introduced several replenishments, targeted increases in life expectancy in the country, reissued a share in 2007, increased equity through capital accumulation in 2008 and 2009, targeted an increase in H shares in 2015, targeted a acquisition of Guangzhou securities in 2020 and a +h in 2022.
Figure 1: The history of Sino-Sinse securities has changed. 1.2 has a wide range of business coverage. Under the principles of business regulation, sound development, companies cover a wide range of business areas.
These include, inter alia, stock sales transactions and research operations, investment banks, asset management, wealth management, fixed earnings, options derivatives, securities finance, hosting operations, new three-board operations, etc., as well as funds and futures through participation in holding companies, including public fund operations through the summer fund, private fund investment through the goldstone fund, and through
Middle-letter futures are engaged in futures business. 1.3 The corporate equity structure of the Constituency Group has been the largest institutional shareholder for many years.
Since its inception in 1995, China has held 95% of the shareholdings, and after many changes in equity, it still holds 15.52% of the shares directly. The third and fifth shares of the stock share are in Guangzhou and Guangzhou, respectively. The remaining shareholders are mainly in the major funds or asset management schemes, and the major shareholders have a certain financial background.
2. The firm’s financial position is sound, and the company has performed well. The company has been growing in China’s capital markets for many years, with strong capital and a variety of businesses.
In 2022, public companies ranked first in a number of indicators in an unfavourable external environment, such as a decline in stock market turnover. According to the Chinese Securities Association, in 2021, the company ' s total assets, net assets, and businesses were ranked first.
In the top of the list of indicators, such as revenue collection, net profits, net capital, customer fund balances, market value of trust securities, etc., companies have a significant advantage, with many size indicators leading the industry. And roe is close to the industry average.
Figure 8: Corporate roe situation 3. First in many major businesses, there is a clear advantage in the dominant size of the business.
In 2022, the company achieved a gross operating income of 651.09 traditional coupons, with its own business being the highest-percent business, highlighting its strong capital and investment capacity. The four major companies ranked first in the industry.
Camp operations are ranked first in four sectors: brokering, investment, self-employment, credit operations, and management only in the second place, with significant combined strength, and a continuing high profile of securities dealers. 3.1 Brokering: income stability, with a size of more than 10 billion
Brokering income has been more than 10 billion in recent years. Brokering is a traditional business of securities dealers. Companies, with a large group of customers accumulated over many years, have ploughed their traditional customer markets, and in recent years they have earned more than 10 billion.
In 2022, the company continued to be the overall leader in the internal agency brokering business. Of these, the public fund commission warehouse was in the first half of 2022.
The number of qfi trading clients has grown to 264 and the number of priority private fund openings has risen to 60% throughout the year. Explore linkages with second-tier markets and deepen multi-dimensional cooperation with wealth regulators such as market equity investment agencies and financial counterparts.
Moving from cash services to asset services, moving from a single business-driven to a multi-pronged, multi-pronged approach that provides differentiated and specialized integrated financial services to global clients. Next, companies will continue to push in combination with internal and external business advantages and customer resources.
To integrate and expand the operational boundaries of the global agency stock-brokering business. Institutional stock-brokering will continue to deepen, till traditional customer markets, improve effective customer coverage, explore new business-client markets in wealth management agencies. Corporate stock-brokering and subsidiaries are concentrated in developed coastal areas. As of the end of 2022, companies were co-located in the country.
In addition, SCI has five branches in Hong Kong through its subsidiaries. By regional distribution, its network is concentrated in the developed coastal regions, with 61 securities offices and 7 securities branches in Zhejiang province and Shandong.
There are 56 securities departments and 5 securities branches in the province, 49 securities offices and 7 securities divisions in the province of Guangdong, with more resources available to customers in economically developed regions, and more network layouts for companies to serve high-quality customers. Corporate brokerage commissions were slightly higher than industry.
The bond exchange rate has been declining steadily over the years by 1.97%, slightly higher than the industry level, and the profitability of broker trading of securities has been maintained at a reasonable level.
Figure 16: Corporate commission rates are higher than industry Number of corporate clients and size of hosting clients ' assets are on the rise. By the end of 2022, the number of corporate clients had accumulated over 13 million, an increase of about 1 million compared to 2021, while the size of hosting clients ' assets remained at 10 trillion, of which the yuan was retained.
The company will continue to build on the vast development space of the wealth management market, build on the advantages of corporate integrated financial services, deepen its client-centred development model, strengthen the wealth mix and investment advisers' professional capacity, enrich the integrated wealth management service landscape, build new wealth management teams, and improve wealth.
The number of corporate investment advisers ranks second in the industry and provides client advice on the management of professional wealth. According to China’s securities industry,
Association, as of 31 March 2023, the number of active investment advisers in companies was 3865, ranked second in the industry, and the number of active portfolio 3.2: taking advantage of the capital market reforms, ipo projects have taken advantage of capital market reforms and the volume of leading industries, and the investment portfolio continues to generate higher income.
In recent years, capital-market reforms have been remarkable, with major reforms such as the creation of the capital-market system, the opening of the North Bank, and the landing of a full-scale registration system providing a significant boost to first-level market distribution. At the same time, in the context of the increase in the number of listed companies, the size of refinancing and bond distribution has been maintained in the long run.
The firm’s portfolio is expected to benefit from capital market reforms over the long term, and with a broad client base and a good absorptive capacity, the firm’s portfolio is expected to continue its growth trend over the long term.
As of March 31, 2023, the company had 587 representatives, ranked first in the industry, providing sufficient human security for the company to go into business. 3.2.1ipo is the largest major contributor in the industry, with a large number of ipo projects in the queue.
The ipo is ranked first in the industry in terms of the number of ipo projects. From 2012 to 2022, at the end of the year, the number of ipo projects in the company queue was 173, ranking first in the industry; as of 31 March 2023, the number of ipo projects in the company queue was 159, ranking first in the industry.
In terms of offshore equity financing, the company has completed 43 offshore equity projects with a total of 2,383 million dollars, based on the average caliber distributed among all bookkeepers on the total project distribution scale. Of this amount, the Hong Kong market ' s ipo project is 16.
Figure 25: Increase in the size of corporate ipo principals, 3.2.2 Refinancing owner size, top industry, high number of refinancing projects in queues
At the end of 2022, the number of refinancing projects in the company queued was 101, ranking first in the industry; as of 31 March 2023, the number of refinancing projects in the company queued was 116, ranking first in the industry. In 2022, refinancing projects in the company ' s territory were 108,2022, refinancing projects outside the company were 9 with a volume of $572 million, and the Hong Kong market equity finance business was ranked first.
The second is the completion of the Gdr 8 portfolio in the European market, with a volume of $795 million, ranked first among the securities companies; and the completion of 10 equity finance projects in other overseas markets, such as South-East Asia, India and Australia, with a volume of $318 million.
Industry leads, with a total of 3,555 bonds, ranking first among the partners. The total volume of the bonds was RMB 157,581 million, an increase of 0.93 per cent, representing 6.32 per cent of the total volume of the stock market, and ranked first in the market.
From 2012 to 2022, the net revenue from corporate management fees began a net value-added era for the management industry. The growth rate of the capital sector slowed somewhat, but industry development remained generally good. In the future, financial reforms continued to deepen, with multi-level capital markets.
Further improvements in the system, more innovation in financial markets, and more opportunities and challenges for regulators.
In the light of changes in the capital sector, in 2008 the securities firm was piloted and the business was fully liberalized. In 2012, the regulatory system was loosed and the industry managed on a large scale.
In 2016, regulation was tightened, leveraging in large directions, de-routing, credit lines were down, business was down, a wave of proactive management of the transition plus and public fund-raising was set in motion, and industry growth slowed down, but industry development remained intact, and the scale and income levels of the plan remained high.
From 2012 to 2022, the size of the management of the company ' s equity plan was about 16.13 per cent of the market share, including old-age operations, public fund-raising and securitization of assets, ranking first in the industry. In 2022, the size of the first pillar of the company ' s asset management business remained stable and the size of the second pillar increased;
Full coverage of State-owned equity banks and regional banks ' financial subsidiaries; upgrading of core customer cooperation through diverse strategies and in-depth services; 19 major collections to complete the public fund-raising process; establishment of a capital-management subsidiary with the approval of the China CSRC; and Hong Kong financial platform with the Hong Kong CSRC Stock Exchange and Public Fund license plates.
3.3.2 There is an upward trend in the size of the summer fund, and there is an upward trend in the size of corporate bond owners. In addition to the capital management scheme, the company managed various types of funds through the stockholding summer fund. In late 2022, the summer fund's headquarters managed an asset size of RMB 17,21,626 million.
RMB 11,377,477 million; the size of institutional and international business asset management RMB 58,4145 million; and the size of the summer fund ranked second in the public sector. According to the Chinese Securities and Investment Fund Association, the average monthly size of the non-monetary finance fund of the summer fund was RMB 69,268 million by the end of 2022, ranking the industry second. The summer fund ranked second in 2022.
Long-term performance of equity funds in the medium to long term; sustained industry leadership in terms of the number of products distributed and the size of funds raised, building of models of old-age brands, and maintaining the lead in the public fund-raising reits business; improved social security product layout, improved ownership structure, and stable growth in institutional operations; and increased efforts to promote digital transformation and strengthen the human resources system.
Next, the summer fund will further refine its product strategy, refine its investment methodology, improve its investment performance, improve its scientific profile, and lead innovative business development: continue to improve its risk management systems and achieve robust growth in the size of its operations; promote digital integration of companies; and strengthen financial technology and capacity-building.
The pursuit of a pool of excellence to maintain the integrated competitiveness of the industry. 3.4 Self-employment: sound investment style, top self-earnings in the earnings sector, tops the industry. From 2012 to 2022, net returns on corporate investment and fair value changes aggregated from 2012 to 2022.
Votes for self-employment maintain a focus on the fundamentals of listed companies, while strengthening the drive of top-down macro-strategy research on portfolio winds and industry configurations, with a greater focus on reducing portfolio volatility and increasing resilience to external macro-factor shocks.
A combination of meso- and micro-research to improve business soundness, explore more meta-investment models, and enhance capital utilization. 3.5 Credit operations: Re-innovation of net interest earnings, keeping capital markets stable, leading; couponization as a market loan business qualification, further consolidating the edge; stock pledge business priorities
From 2012 to 2022, the portfolio of companies moved from full registration to high-quality development in the securities sector.
According to the Chinese Securities Association, in 2022, 140 securities across the industry experienced a steady process of regulation and growth, with the pace of innovation, business expansion, profitability and risk resistance gradually increasing.
Self-employment, underwriting, credit transactions and asset management, with industry's income and profits becoming more dependent on the changing trends in the securities market, along with changes in the stock market landscape, the level of profits in the securities industry in our country also manifests itself in a comprehensive register change around “building a regulated, transparent, open, dynamic and resilient capital market”.
The top priority of the GDR will be to promote the reform of the registration system at entry points and entry points, improve the system of multilayered capital markets, improve the trading system, optimize the financing coupons and transfer mechanisms; speed up investment-end reforms and introduce more medium- and long-term capital; and maintain the practical integration of the general rules of capital markets with those of China and build modern capital markets with China’s special characteristics.
The combination of regulation will be maintained to strengthen ex post oversight and to urge intermediaries to exercise due diligence; information disclosure and corporate governance will be strengthened, and securities companies will be well placed to make good institutional arrangements. 4.1ipo size is on the rise.
Full registration is expected to stimulate an increase in the volume of ipo. From 2012 to 2022, the securities industry’s ipo portfolio took a decisive step forward in market reform, opening up more scope for high-quality capital market service development, and the volume of ipo and refinancing is expected to continue to rise.
Total fund-raising has been rising since the start of the project and the North Bank. In recent years, it has been running in parallel with the North Bank. From 2019 to 2022, total fund-raising increased from $824.27 billion to $252.04 billion, and the number of ipo households rose from 70 to 124. From 2020 to 2022, total funds raised in the North have risen from $10,587 million.
As the number of listed companies continues to be on the market, the total number of corporate debt is shown in figure 45: only the number of bonds paid by securities companies.
The rate of commission in the industry has continued to decline. The stock-based volume of transactions in the securities sector, although subject to the economic cycle, has fluctuated periodically, has grown from 32.27 trillion yuan to 3,0254 billion yuan annually, while the cagr is 25.08 per cent.
Brokering has matured, and commission rates for trade agents have been declining over the years. According to our estimates, the industry commission rate has fallen to 1.93 per 1,000 in 2022 and continues to approach the cost line, but the scope for decline is limited. As the industry commission rate continues to decline, there is limited scope for trading securities by agents in the securities industry, and there is an urgent need for industry to move towards new directions such as wealth management.
4.3 The scale of wealth management operations is expected to sustain the upward trend in the long term, with higher net assets rising at a higher rate than the overall level. Over the years, our economy has been growing rapidly, and the size of income and investable assets has been rising year by year. According to the Private Wealth Report of China, published by the Bank of Mergers, between 2006 and 2021,
The total size of investable assets held by individuals in the country has increased from 25.6 trillion yuan to 268 billion yuan, or 16.95 per cent for cagr; The size of investable assets has increased from 5.2 trillion yuan to 96 trillion yuan, or 21.46 per cent for capr, and the disposable income of the high net worth of the population has risen from year to year.
By 2022, the disposable income of all residents of China had increased from RMB 1831.80/year to RMB 36883.00/year, and Cagr compared to the United States, there was much room for an increase in the financial assets of our residents as a proportion of total assets. According to Wind, in 2021, the total assets of the United States resident and non-profit institutions sector amounted to US$ 168.48 trillion, of which 70.12 per cent were financial assets.
According to Wind, China ' s financial assets accounted for 52.70 per cent of total household wealth in 2019, and non-financial assets for 47.30 per cent. Compared to the United States, the financial assets of our residents are relatively low and, as the housing policy continues, the non-financial assets represented by the house function as a reservoir of household wealth or as a result of the fact that the housing policy continues.
It will continue to weaken, with future financial assets or residents’ wealth that will continue to be spilled, expected to rise over the long term, and wealth management expected to continue to rise. Public and private funds are also rising year by year, from 2014 to 2022, from 45.4 million to 2022.
As the wealth of the population grows and accumulates, the country’s management has increased its market liquidity and trade dynamics and improved its price discovery mechanisms.
4.5 Capital market reforms are progressing rapidly, and the securities sector is expected to achieve high-quality development. Capital market reforms are progressing rapidly in recent years, with successive reform policies such as innovation boards, reits, North Exchanges, and full registration.
The accelerated construction of new development patterns, the increasing centrality of capital markets, the country’s securities industry are still in a period of rapid growth and opportunity, and the development of capital markets and the opening up of financial system reforms will provide a wider scope for industry development. Thanks to the reforms in the registration system, multiple levels of capital-market construction are becoming clearer and capital-market fundamentals are becoming more short-term.
The rapid acceleration of capacity-building at the investment end, the emergence of full business opportunities for retail, institutional and enterprise customers, and the evolution of the securities industry in terms of integration of services, development differentiation, internationalization of competition and digitalization of operations will provide a solid basis for high-quality industry development.
The securities sector is expected to achieve high-quality development. With China’s rapid capital-market reforms, the securities sector will continue to develop in the future in terms of sound functioning of the market, increasing concentration of industry headlines, further integration of services and products, competition differences, greater openness and internationalization, and the overall upgrading of science and technology transformation.
The financial situation is sound, the client community is large, and many businesses, such as brokerage, investment, self-employment, and credit, rank first in the industry. With the rapid build-up of new patterns of domestic, domestic, and international dual-cycle development, capital-market hubs rising, the headline concentration of the securities sector is expected to continue to intensify, and companies are expected to continue to benefit as champions.
The performance of the securities industry is closely related to the macroeconomic environment. If the macro economy goes down, market liquidity is insufficient, interest rate levels are volatile, leading to a reduction in the volume of securities issued and traded.
(2) The significant contraction of stock-base transactions results in a sharp decline in the revenue from brokering. Brokering is one of the important sources of revenue for securities companies. If stocks and funds are substantially reduced, it will result in a sharp decline in the revenue from brokering. (3) Large market fluctuations lead to large gains and losses on investment returns and fair value changes.
(4) Credit default risk. The securities firm’s credit operations are capital-occupancy operations, and if credit defaults rise significantly, the department will face significant default costs, leading to a reduction in credit business income. (5) Corporate governance mechanisms will be subject to a change of risk.
(6) Capital market reforms are not progressing as expected. If capital market reforms do not progress as expected and industrial policies fail to land in a timely manner, they will affect the securities sector reform process and, consequently, enterprise-related business revenues.
(7) Industry regulation has become more risky. If industry regulation is tightened, it may result in a negative impact on a company’s business that was normally in operation, thereby reducing business income.
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.