In 2023, 6,653,000 members launched the Mango tv inter-state "multiplier" programme — an event review report by Mango Supermix (300413.sz)
Mango supermedia announcement: in 2023, the company ' s gross operating income amounted to $14.628 billion zhuzhu@cfsc.com.cn was affected mainly by the adjustment of laws, regulations and other laws, such as taxation, accounting, etc.
In the first quarter, the company confirmed an increase of $88 million in income tax fees, resulting in an increase of 10.23 per cent in Mongotv members ' earnings in 2023, a decrease of 11.57 per cent in the 3.53 billion yen, but an increase in the 2023q4 advertising revenues.
In 2023, the company collected and withheld non-profits, sales, management, financial expenses, member business end of 2023, 6,653,000 active members of Mangotv 1, Mango Supermomentation (300,413), 2023
tv's online variety of art shows out of 100 series (a 31% increase in the same number of effective Internet-based ciprograms); ad end, Mongo tv's advertising revenue fell in 2023; annual advertising business warmed back to new.
In 2023, the content operator earned $2.82 billion, Mango Supermomentation (300,413), which is the backbone of the industry.
(Yoy+32%) The ability to monetize high quality content, from membership to advertising to content power providers, is highlighted.
At the industry level, in 2023, according to foreign technology data, brand names were placed in the media to develop a solid foundation for new explorations.
2023-08-17 Place), the number of brands won on the Net based on Wind 2023, The Third Season of the Scratch, not 18, 16, top of the list: Mangotv was branded year round 2023.
In April 2024, after the launch of Wind 2024, Singer 2024 will also be broadcast in 2024 and Mangotv will still be active.
Dots, at the end of the show, from Go to the Wind to The Stars glitter, the benefits of both the society and the economy, as well as the availability of follow-up short drama projects.
The international version of the Mongo tv8.0 version of January 1, 2024, in which one has an enabling content. See, one has a sound play that creates a immersion experience.
Mangoip produces mangos with tts; in the face of new technologies, Mango actively embraces the creation of the first meta-cosm fan, the Mango por favor park, which combines quality ip resources, 3d modelling and
In April 2024, the country’s first ai guide was launched as “Am Man”, and its voice was collected from the Hunan Watch and Mango tv two platforms after 95.
In 2024, we will launch the Mangotv international version of the app-size “Multiple Plan”, which will increase copyright output and continue to promote the Mango-Multicultural model.
In the fourth quarter, pss grew and returned to a good warmth, mainly due to tax factors and developments in the art mix; as a blended media head, the size advantage of the regular supply of content in 2024 was added to the ability of the ai to work together in a mini-fiction.
Cooperation is expected to push the major industry to the next city in 2024, and the company will launch the Mangotv international “multiplier” program in 2024, thus maintaining the “buy-in” of new business exploring less risks than expected, and the Golden Eagle cartoons performing less than expected.
Risks, lack of scrutiny of film and video productions, potential risks posed by the artist ' s own factors, under-reach risks, brain drain risks, under-utilization of new technologies, risk of macroeconomic fluctuations.
The new consumer group of the media introduced the following: Bachelor of Science, Master of Finance, with experience in the field of business, the Association of Chinese Securities Research Institutes in November 2021, covering, inter alia, Internet sections of media games.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.