Mango super-media, with a stable net profit rate after deduction in 2023, the launch of the short-screen play layout, the annual high-quality content that leads to the growth of members' business and an accelerated recovery in advertising. We believe that Mango's 2024.
The tv-multicultural content will remain relatively competitive, increasing the supply of long and short dramas, and will further boost the one-time adjustment of income tax costs resulting from changes in applicable tax rates. In 2023, the company's gross profit ratio was +3.7 per cent, but due to changes in tax rates, it was recognized that income tax costs were higher than in the same period last year.
In 2023, the Mangotv Internet video business generated $10.614 billion, or +1.9 per cent, of which the members earned $4.315 billion.
The same ratio + 10.2%, with 23q4 members earning +35.6%; the number of active members at the end of the year amounted to 66.53 million, a sharp decrease from the first half of the year, with 23o4 advertising revenues equal to +16.0%. Mangotv operates a business income of 2.767 billion yuan, compared to +10.3%, maintaining a robust growth rate. New media interactive entertainment content
Of this amount, the young Mandarin electrician earns 10.21 billion yuan, and the annual gmv jumps 10 billion yuan, the first self-employed tidal suit, the brand "South Bovan" gmv exceeds 270 million yuan, with a net loss of 250 million yuan in 2023.
On April 19th, Mangotv's full-networked art program was launched to enhance its ability to deliver high-quality dramas.
Gotv released two screenplays, "Getting a Crown Prince in the Name of Love," which were produced by Mangotv and the Mangang Theatre, among others. The head of the company's Mang Man plan studio said that it was expected to produce 200 screen shows this year on the line. We believe that Mangotv and the shivering were previously produced by Mangotv.
We believe that mangotv has a very strong content-producing gene, has a sufficient stock of long and short dramas, has a strong stock, and maintains an advantage in the art. Given the impact of changes in income tax rates, we make a downward adjustment.
Membership growth was not as high as expected: advertising was lower than expected; content regulation was higher than expected; and competition in the industry increased.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy operations Media: digital media