23-year-old newspaper and 2401-point review: advertising is up and up, and the content is looking forward to it.
Revenue growth is robust and income tax policy changes disturbing performance. 1) The company achieved business income of 146.28 billion yuan and net profit returns of 3.556 billion yuan over 23 years, representing an increase of 5 per cent and 91 per cent, respectively, corresponding to zhagheng2@guosen.com.cnchenyorong@guosen.com.cn
Billion dollars, 27.9 per cent and 1120.8 per cent, respectively, over the same period; significant annual and q4 performance growth was mainly due to the corresponding overall spread of eps0.25: growth was robust, the decline in performance was mainly due to income tax, members and operators were doing better and the content was improving. 1) Mangotv was an active member.
6.65 million in size and 4.31 billion yuan in income earned by members throughout the year, an increase of 10.23 per cent over the same year, with 35.64 per cent in income earned by members in the fourth quarter over the same year; and 2,667 million dollars in operating income earned by operators throughout the year, resulting in an increase of 46 per cent in the number of effective full-web dramas, with an increase in the speed of two-bit video industry topping;
All types of art programmes on the line are over 100, with new numbers, exclusives, and innovation rates at the top of the industry list; the focus is on the promotion of 128 dramas, such as the "Master Plan" and other short dramas; and the joint design of the "Technology Support Project" with the Voice of Shakes, which became the country's first short show on the planet. In 2024, the company's reserves were super-stocked.
80 video shows, 100 microscopic plays, further enhancing the supply capacity of high-quality dramas. Advertisement repairs accelerated. 1) Business gains of 3,532 million yuan in advertising in 2023, compared to 2.) The value of the platform for the marketing of mangotv brands has been further highlighted, with a strong effort to expand multiple Internet platforms, white.
One third of the top-brand clients in key sectors such as alcohol, food, and new ones. Mango Super-Mechanism (300413.sz)-q3 performances are on a par, with a focus on new technological areas such as membership and advertising aigc being continuously distributed. 1) More than 40 ai products are currently being introduced for use in the media.
" Mango Supermedia (300413.sz) - content is strong, advertising marginal improvements " , business scenes, advertising, membership interaction, video clips, content production, etc.; ai 2 short video, Mango Supermix (300413.sz) - comprehensive content stocks are good and advertising is expected to hit the bottom.
Production of more than 1 million short videos, significantly reducing the costs of content dissemination and platform access; development of aigc Mango Supermix (300413.sz) - looking at the company ' s 2023 inventory of poly-multicultural content, industrial Hub application platform, working with large model companies to launch a proi role dialogue product and test a new mode of realization of water,
Mango Super-Mechanism (300413.sz) – advertising, a slight improvement in membership, an increase in user stickyness and activity. The advantages of company content and platform operations, and the potential for aigc-era growth, maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The growth in revenue was robust, and the income tax policy was adjusted to disrupt performance. 1) Companies achieved operating income of 16,628 million yuan throughout the year, resulting in a net return of profit to their mothers of 3,556 million yuan, representing an increase of 5 per cent and 91 per cent, respectively, corresponding to an overall increase of 27.9 per cent and 1120.8 per cent, respectively, in the overall spread of eps; and significant growth in performance throughout the year and in q4 was due mainly to changes in income tax policy.
A one-time gain of $1.629 billion) in 2024 q1 q1 q1 achieved business income of $3,324 million, and a net profit of $461 million, an increase of 8.8 per cent and 12.8 per cent, respectively, corresponding to an overall spread of eps0.25; solid growth performance, with a decline in performance mainly due to the expiry of the tax exemption policy on income tax;) 23 years of company proposal
Members and operators are doing their business well, and the content is improving. 1) The number of active members of Mangotv is 66.53 million, with annual income of 4,315.0 million yuan, an increase of 10.23 per cent in the same year, of which the fourth quarter members are older and have earned business income of 2,767 million yuan, an increase of 10.27 per cent in the same year; 3) Mangotv is fully integrated in 2023.
The number of active performances increased by 31 per cent over the same period, the number of active performances of the full-networked series rose by 46 per cent over the same period, with two-bit growth in the long video industry; the number of all types of entertainment programmes on the line was over 100; the number of new ones, the number of exclusives and the rate of innovation was at the top of the industry list, with the bean petals holding the top 10 seats in the market; and the highlights of the film, the Great Mangang Programme, were the top eight seats.
In 2024, the company made up more than 80 films and 100 short plays, further enhancing its ability to supply high-quality dramas.
Renovation of the advertising business accelerated. 1) In 2023, the advertising business achieved revenue of 3,532 million yuan, a decline in comparison with the previous year; the rate of growth reversed by a negative turnaround; 2) the platform value of the Mangotv brand was further highlighted, and efforts were made to expand the number of Internet platforms, leading customers in key sectors such as white wine, food, etc., and new customers were expanded to take over
1) More than 40 ai products are currently being introduced for use in business scenes such as media camps, advertising, member interactions, video clips, content production, etc., and a short video is being used in such comprehensive art programmes as " Accelerators " , which produces more than 1 million short videos, which has been significantly reduced.
Content dissemination costs and platform access costs: development of aigchub application platform, incorporating domain models, ai painting, text such as voice generation, images, voice model aigc capabilities; co-sponsorship of ai role dialogue products with large model companies to bring ai to the forefront, such as " Love for Youth 2 " .
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.