Business is well-run, attention is paid to the arppu upgrade. \triangleright \triangleright \
Chen Liangdong's one-time adjustment for gains and losses during the period was 1,629 million yuan. 24q1 battalion received 3.32 billion yuan, an increase of 7.21 per cent over the same period. 1. Mango supermoderated (300413.sz) performance forecast for 2023
The reason for the faster growth in advertising is that last year's base was lower, and the top-down: performance was robust, with attention paid to the marginal improvement of the arppu, plus a 23q4 episode, a mixed-art product, and so on.
Quantities 3 Quarters, where head-publishing ads are steady, q1 is a low-season q2 product compared to the q2 product.
v and the short play support program for tremors, focusing on mangos, including Wind 2024 (upline on April 19). Looking ahead, it is expected that with company dramas, short play layouts - 2023/12/17
The introduction of the hybrid products continued, the advertising budget was restored with the macroeconomic recovery, and advertising revenues were expected to achieve 3. Mango super-magnetism (300413.sz) in the third quarter of 2023. Membership grew steadily, and attention was paid to the upturn in Arpu.
\triangleright 4. Mango supermedia depth report (300413.sz): Core III received $4.315 billion in membership income for the whole year 2023, an increase of 10.23 per cent over the same period, of which membership income for the fourth quarter
At the end of the year, Mango tv had an effective membership of 6.653 million, with continuing high innovation. With high-threshold long video content, Mango tv actively expanded quality channels such as Mangoka in China's mobile motion zone and 88vip rights and interests cooperation, with members growing steadily.
In 2023, according to cloud data, Mango tv's full-networked porno performance rose by 31%, and the full-web series increased by the same amount.
The company has built up a combination of Watsai, midday sun, kosher, year-round production, and long-term drama capacity. The investment proposal is that, with content production and economic recovery, the company’s members and advertising are more resilient.
As a result of the change in corporate income tax preferences, companies paid 15 per cent of their taxes, resulting in a decline in their performance over 24 years. \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.