The four platforms have been working together to build a mango cycling, and the review of the mango supermix (300413) is progressing.
The company discloses its annual report for 2023 and its quarterly report for 2024, which, as a result of changes in accounting policies, improves the position of the company's leader in the field and optimizes the performance of the director. According to cloud data, in 2023, the effective broadcast of Mangotv's full-networked arts and programmes increased by 31% on a year-on-year basis.
In 2024, the company will continue to grow deep, including Singer 2024, Big Detective 9, Wind 2024, Scratch 4 and so on, and will explore potential markets and prepare for the new all-round China Village Flowers, and so on.
The Mans Plan and the Films Super-Partner System, which focuses on the development of the head set to supplement the quality of the play's supply capacity, were launched in 23 years by the company and signed a partnership agreement in December with Wiggy on the joint layout of the mini-drama, which will continue to be explored in 24 years.
The year 2023 has seen steady progress, with good indicators, multiple platforms for synergy, a more diverse and deeper model of cooperation, multi-dimensional integration and cross-screening, and the promotion of content ecology.
The company has gradually developed a headline advantage by confining it with different content. 23 years of performance have been robust, active in expanding content ecology. Mangotv works with tremors.
Members are entering a new phase of high-quality development, and there is a strong trend toward a steady growth of business operators and a return to a warmer advertising business. With a strong focus on quality content, companies are actively promoting high-quality channels such as Mangoka, and 88vip Rights and Interests Cooperation in the Mob Zone of China, and fine-tuning the value of their members' arpus.
q4 member income increased by 35.64 per cent over the year, 10.23 per cent over the year, 6.65 million members at the end of the year, with continued innovation, a virtuous circle of growth and input, positive feedback; and continued strong business collaboration with major operators, operating income throughout the year
27.67 billion yuan, an increase of 10.27 per cent over the same period; accelerated recovery of advertising in the second half of the year, q4 q4 q3 q3 q3 q3 = 15.95 per cent over the same year, reversing a negative upward trend in advertising throughout the year.
The company completed 100% ownership of Hunan Eagle Cartoon Media Co. Ltd. in 2023.
The acquisition helped companies rely on high-quality cartoon-rich company content to strengthen the youth user base and expand the product market, while the Golden Eagle's programme supply was able to achieve full end-covering advantage based on the Tomangotv “one screen” multi-licensed license plate and full-scale coverage.
This led to a deeper integration of the corporate media into a more valuable, all-media communication ecology, which helped the company expand from the Mango tv + Humane South Watch to the Mango tv + Lake South + Golden Eagle + Small Mandarin + 4 platform model, full-blown.
General content creation and operation, maximizing business synergies and resource integration, stimulating more productive activity and dynamism, and strengthening core competitiveness. Taking into account the impact of rising production costs and off-the-shelf gains and losses on net return profits
Risk factors: Risks of policy and regulatory uncertainty, slow growth of membership, underperformance of content, under-exploitation of new business, brain drain, etc.