On April 25th, 2024, the advertising industry recovered significantly, with a short play.
Mango super-movement has become a new content multiplier, the first stock market to be characterized by integration.
The new State-owned media company, which owns the entire chain of access and the core of the ecological integrity of the content, is also the unifying agent of the Hunan Broadcasting and Television Corporation, which has a limited company.
Members and content electricians are leading the growth and the revival of advertising is evident. In 2023, the company achieved a revenue of billions (yoy+1.9%); of this amount, Mangotv had an advertising revenue of 3,532 million yuan (yoy-11.6%), Mangotv members had a revenue of 4,315 million yuan (yoy+ 10.2%) and the operator ' s business revenue of 2,767 million yuan (yoy).
+10.3%); (2) $1.15 billion (yoy+2.8%) for interactive content production in new media; (3) $2.823 billion (yoy+32.1%) for content electrics. In 2023, the decline in Mongotv advertising was due to the slow recovery of the domestic advertising market in the first half of the year, the late recovery of brand advertising, and some of the advertisers.
With the steady recovery of the advertising industry, the growth in advertising revenue in the first half of 2024 is expected to be marginal. Mango tvs, 12.5% more than year-on-year. In the future, members' business revenues are expected to increase in 2024, based on the two-way thrust of the Tomango tv + channel, with an orderly push for the four major thematic branding seasons and innovative upgrading of their rights and interests.
High growth rates in content power suppliers have benefited from the integration of mango eco-producer advantages and artistic capital by the young Mandarin Operators, with a total equity/flowa (millions of shares), focusing on core circle users, and running out of a unique development path, with an annual gmv exceeding 10 billion yuan.
The Māori rate has stabilized with a small decline in net profit rates, excluding the latter. (1) In 2023, the company was operating at $9,803 million and Māori at 33.0 per cent, a 0.9 percentage point decline over the same period, with Mangotv Internet.
The Māori rate for video business was 41.3%, an increase of 0.2 percentage points in the same year; the production of interactive content for new media has decreased by 1.4 percentage points. The Māgotv Internet video business has seen a small increase in Māori, mainly as a result of members ' accelerated business development, solid advertising base, and sound business for operators.
Structural complementarities. A steady increase in the Māori rate for interactive content production in the new media has resulted from companies actively exploring cutting-edge technology applications and business-like innovations, such as one, which has been widely applied to business scenes such as media operations, advertising, membership interactions, video clippings, content production, etc., and has significantly reduced the cost of content dissemination
A slight decline in the Māori rate for content power providers, resulting from the happy purchase of the full amount of mangos, the 15.5 per cent sales rate, a 0.5 percentage point decline in the same year; management fees of $610 million, management fees, continued high-quality performances, and a small increase in content. In 2023, Mangotv went online.
In a series of 128 plays, such as the Focused Films, the Mang Man Project and others. In a series of three plays, "Assisting the Apocalypse" and "Apocalypse" , the National Radio and Television Administration was selected for the "2023 China Play Series" ; and in a joint effort with a shivering sound, the "Purpose Short Play Support Scheme" was created, using short plays as an incision.
New space for cooperation: Windy Moon landed on the south side of the country and became the country’s first micro-play. 2024 In the year of the financial boom in the East, the company’s stock of over 80 video shows, 100 micro-plays, and the supply of quality content will continue to grow.
Investment proposal: The company's performance in 2024 is expected to rise with the warmth of the advertising market, the release of the miniatur reserve and its initiative of the East's financial boom, the East's financial boom.
East Hing Securities Corporation, Mango Supermix (300413.sz): The advertising industry is back on track.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.