30 vehicles of deep-deep chemical light, national production to replace + out-of-sea runners New industry (30832.sz) National chemical luminous runners, combined, covered for the first time with a "buy-in" rating
The new industry has a 30-carried external diagnosis, is the lead in the domestic chemical light solution, has a systematic instrumentation, reagent product matrix, is one of the most fully developed chemical emitters in the industry, and consolidates the advantage of the tap through horizontal extension of fractions, biochemistry, etc.
Substitution of strong national production, accelerated regional coverage performance abroad, for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.) The chemical light market has a high potential, and the collection policy supports the replacement of national production (1) Immunization diagnostics are the country’s largest disaggregated area of vd.
The advantages of chemical luminous technologies have become the dominant technology in the field of immuno-diagnostics. In 2022, the chemical luminous market broke out on a scale greater than 70 per cent, and the national alternative space was vast. (2) Chemical luminous technologies as the dominant technology accounted for 88 per cent of the high-throughput market in 2022, with level III hospitals being the market’s necessity, but the high-end market remains the same.
Based on import brands, domestic players, led by new industries, have a stronger value-for-product advantage and are gradually taking up their share of the third-level hospital market. (3) With the aid of a combination of mining policies, domestic and foreign producers are close to the end price, but national producers are expected to take up their share of the foreign market quickly, with full technical quality and cost and price advantages.
Co-development of instrument reagents and high product competitiveness Instruments: cutting-edge breakthroughs in high-end markets, launch of the first global luminometer in 2018 at a speed of 600t/h, maglumix8, and 3170 global aggregates up to 2024h1, x 8.
Quantities of maglumix10 with a detection speed of 1,000 t/h. Company product matrix gradients are configured to meet the needs of different clients, load up steadily, and drive reagents. Reagents: The company is one of the most complete chemical emitters in the industry's reagent menu. Reagents: Reagents: The reagents are one of the best. Reagents continue to grow, and have successfully built the small molecular kernel technology platform, reagent properties.
At the same time, upstream raw materials, assistive reagent technological innovation, and growth in the production of reagents.) Overseas markets continue to be active, expanding horizontally in the ivd business area. Overseas markets are fast-tracked, with companies cumulatively selling more than 20945 chemicals in overseas markets as of 2024h1.
Immunology analysers, which exceed domestic loadings, optimized machine structures, installed large-scale instruments overseas in countries, and set up 10 overseas affiliates' radiation regional markets to enhance localization.
In five major areas, the creation of intelligent laboratory system solutions and the construction of reagent procurement moats.1 New industries: leaders of domestic chemical luminous solutions 1.1 Introduction by companies: outstanding innovation and improved product matrix
Since its establishment in 1995, the company has been working on research and development, production and marketing of products in the field of in vitro diagnosis and customer clothing, leading to the development of the field of chemical photoimmun analysis through autonomous innovation. In 2008, the company successfully developed and industrialized the first fully automated chemical photoimmunology analyser and ancillary reagents of the national product.
China has a monopoly on the chemically luminous diagnostic market. In 2018, the hypervelocity fully automated chemical luminous immune analysis system, an overseas subsidiary, sold products to 155 countries and territories overseas. As one of the most complete chemical luminators in the industry, companies sold 202 reagents globally, 191 of which have been acquired in the EU.
The new industry is the lead in the field of chemical light in the country. The company has established nanomagnetic microball development, reagent critical material development, fully automated diagnostic instrument development, diagnostic reagent development four major technological platforms to continuously optimize the product development process.
To provide a wealth of equipment types and diverse testing projects to meet the differentiated needs of clients and to develop new growth curves through horizontal expansion in areas such as immunization, biochemistry and molecules.
1.2. Equity structure: Centralized equity structure, highly experienced management sector. Corporate equity structure is more centralized, with real control of the ownership of 30.06% of shares.
The company has been active in expanding the global marketing network, focusing on localization, and as of 2024h1, it has set up 10 overseas subsidiaries. Figure 2: Equity structure stable, technocrats at the helm
Dr. Xu Wei has been Chairman and Managing Director of the company since 2012. Since 1997, Dr. Xu has been a pioneer in integrating nanomagnetic microball technology, abei luminous synthesis and immunoanalysis, building a set of direct chemical hairs based on magnetic separation.
Photo-immunology analysis system: and led the team to further develop a fully automated chemical photo-immun analysis instrument, making the new industry the first company in the country to set up a full direct chemical-immun analysis platform and industrialization.
Over a period of more than 10 years, management personnel were more stable and senior managers owned shares in the company, together with shareholders ' interests. 1.3. Core financial data: regular operations recovered rapidly, revenue levels were stable, income and profit levels were robust, and income and profit growth fluctuated to a certain extent during the epidemic, but
In 2019-2023, the cagr was 23,64%, and the net profit of the parent division was 1.384 billion yuan, an increase of 16.59%. As the load ups and the machine structure continues to be optimized, high-end markets such as the tertiary hospitals in the country are rising, overseas market openings are accelerating, and company performance is expected to continue.
The Division’s sales cost rate has decreased considerably, mainly because of the decline in corporate sales costs and the impact of the epidemic, the spread of new crown operations, and the significant increase in corporate overall revenue, which has reduced the cost of sales. Management cost: management costs 2020-2023 Māori rates and net interest rates have been relatively stable, and installed rates are expected to increase profits. Corporate Māori overall has stabilized at more than 70 per cent.
The Māori rate has declined slightly since 2021, mainly due to the company's increased market for instrument products, the overall downward price of instrument sales has reduced the Māori ratio of instrument and supporting software. The Māori ratio of corporate instruments increased in 2023 with the increased sales of x-series and medium-sized luminous instruments, and with overseas reagent operations.
The Māori rate is expected to increase steadily as equipment upgrades x-series loads, the Māori ratio is expected to increase steadily as the Māori ratio continues to grow, and the sales of reagents abroad continue. The net interest rate of the company is more than 70% of the reagent revenue, and the instrument contribution increases.
Growth to 27.01% and rapid growth of instruments, laying the foundation for the sale of reagents. Sliding to 17.17%, mainly due to the fact that companies as a whole have reduced the sales price of instruments in domestic and overseas markets and increased market openings for instrument products. Since 2022, sales of company X series and medium and large-scale luminous instruments have increased.
The Māori rate, which drives corporate instruments, continued to rise, reaching 29.70 per cent in 2023. Double-cycled domestic and international marketing channels have improved to cover the world. Firms are home-based, opening up overseas markets, and their share of revenue abroad is on the rise in 2019-2023, with the impact of the epidemic and the release of new crown-testing products.
In 2020, the share of offshore revenue surged to 37.49 per cent. In 2021, the share of offshore revenue fell, mainly as a result of the adjustment in the country ' s new crown immunization policy and a decline in revenues from new coronal phototests. Since 2022, companies have focused on expanding product lines and increasing product circulation through academic outreach, the establishment of overseas subsidiaries, localization, etc.
Rates and depths drive a steady increase in the share of offshore revenues. A new global coronary outbreak in 2020 led to a rapid increase in overseas sales of anti-medical tests, with foreign gross interest rates climbing to 77.3% in 2021-2022, and overall downwards as companies adopt more aggressive marketing policies.
The sale price of instruments has led to a decline in the Māori rate. In 2023, as a result of the increasing number of overseas aircraft installed, the share of income from overseas reagent operations has been increasing, with overseas reagent products accounting for 58.04 per cent of income from major offshore operations, an increase of 6.91 percentage points over the same period, bringing the overall Māori rate abroad back to 65.8 per cent.
Continued investment of fixed and long-term assets to enhance the company’s R & D technology and scalable production capacity for key raw materials.In June of that year, the company completed the upgrading and commissioning of reagent critical materials R & D and the transformation of production centres, and reagent key raw materials.
Research and development and production capacity have increased significantly. In 2023, the company ' s instrument research and development team officially moved to the R & D production base for three periods, and the instrument development hardware facility was further upgraded.2 The chemical light market has great potential and the area of disaggregation is growing faster.
2.1 The global in vitro diagnosis (ivd) market, which is expected to return to a sustained expansion after a brief fallback after the new crown outbreak, has great potential for substitution of national production, and is expected to reach $113.99 billion in 2029, according to PrecedenceResearch.
According to test principles or methods, the market for ivd is divided mainly into immuno-diagnostics, spot-diagnostics, molecular diagnostics, and bio-diagnostics, which account for 23% of the market for ivd. The market for ivd in China is growing rapidly, and in 2023 the market for ivd in China reached 11,8.5 billion yuan.
People’s health and well-being have improved, with the gradual release of serious diseases, early detection of major diseases, and accurate medical needs, and the emergence of the vd market. Under-diagnostic diagnosis has developed rapidly, driven by policy support, technological advances, rising demand in downstream markets, with the Chinese market reaching 15.58% in the period 2016-2023, with a rapid increase in industrialization.
Immunization diagnostics are the largest segment of vd in China, and the market space is wide. According to eshare drugs, the size of China’s vaccine diagnostic market reached 50.3 billion yuan in 2023, the largest segment of the country’s vd market, with a market share of 42.45% and a wide market space.
Immuno-diagnostic diagnostic methods are constantly being developed and technologically diverse. Immunological diagnostics are important as an important branch of the field of external diagnosis and diagnosis. Their detection methods, based on immunology theory, are sufficiently accurate to determine antigens, antibodies, immune cells and their cell factors.
As a result of the deepening of cross-fertilization, China ' s immuno-diagnosing technology has been constantly improving, from initial radio-immunisation to gelatin, enzyme-immunisation, chemical luminous technology, each in order to better match clinical diagnosis.
The clinical advantages of chemical light are significant and have become the dominant technology in recent years. Because of the remarkable advantages of high sensitivity, high specificity, high flux, high stability, wide range of tests and ease of operation, in recent years the field of in-country immunological analysis has been dominated by chemical light and is widely applied to tumor markers, infections, etc.
According to Deloitte and Touche, the ratio of the market for chemical light technologies in China increased from year to year in 2018 to 2022, and the ratio of chemical light in China’s immunization diagnosis was about 88% in 2022, and has become the dominant technology in the field of immunization diagnosis.
The chemical light market grew rapidly, reaching 21.67 per cent in 2018-2022. In 2018-2022, China maintained a high rate of growth in the chemical light market, which was affected by public health events in 2020, with demand for antibody testing growing rapidly, driving the accelerated expansion of the chemical light market, reaching a market of 40 billion yuan in 2022.
Figure 18: Chemical light accounts for about 88% of the immune diagnostics market, “Royabesi” accounts for over 70% of the country's chemical light market, and there is a wide range of national production alternatives. Chemical light equipment has a high technical threshold, and the commonity of the samples at different concentrations is a great test, plus
These high thresholds allow import products to monopolize the country's chemical light market for a long time. According to the eshare calculations, in 2023, the four enterprises in “Royabesi” together accounted for 73.5% of the market share of the internalized light market, which also means that there is a vast space for national production to replace it.
The domestic front-line manufacturers of Murray, Anto, and others, along with a number of smaller firms, have developed with innovation, which has led to sustained improvements in product performance, resulting in some national substitution and a certain market share. Overall, however, national production is low, and the potential for national production replacement in the chemical light market remains enormous.
Figure 20: China ' s chemical luminous market has a large national production replacement space of 2.2 and a level III hospital is the place where chemical luminum is necessary. The middle and high flux market is dominant in immunization diagnostics, and chemical luminous luminous is the dominant technology.
In clinical applications, the platform can be divided broadly into medium- and high-throughput instruments and low-throughput instruments, which contribute most of the immunization to large hospitals, such as level-III hospitals, with larger tests and high unit costs, as compared to the low-throughput market for emergency services or small and medium-sized hospitals, hospitals and laboratories, and the high-to-throughput market.
In China, the market for immunization diagnostics is dominated by a high-medium flux market, where, according to Deloitte and Touche consultations, the market accounted for 87 per cent of the diagnostic immunization market in mid-2022, of which the dominant chemical luminous technology in immunization diagnostics accounted for 88 per cent of the market.
The annual income from third-level hospital examinations accounts for 77.2 per cent of the total inspection income of the country ' s public hospitals. Due to the high number of clients, the abundance of testing programmes and the high statute of limitations, the number of examinations in the third-level hospitals is still high, the demand for medium- and high-throughput equipment is increasing, and the rate of coverage in the third-level hospitals is high.
High-end markets, such as level III hospitals, remain dominated by import brands, and national brands account for a relatively small share of the market. This is mainly due to the fact that level III hospitals require more chemical luminators and reagents than imported products: 1; they are rigid in quality; the sensitivity and accuracy of the results are detected.
The failure rate and stability of the device are much more demanding. 2. Improved after-sales services, regular organization of training and software upgrades, such as rapid response in case of equipment failure or reagent shortages. 3. Policies such as high equipment and reagent prices, drigs and testing fees have had a significant impact on the income structure of the Hospital Inspection Section, prompting medical institutions to find lower-cost facilities.
Domestic players have a significant price advantage and have a high degree of ownership. The quality of chemically produced luminous products has been gradually catching up with imported products, and manufacturers, led by Murray and the new industry, have built a well-developed after-sales service network, which has gradually gained the approval of many end-users.
The top 10 models are high-speed models of their own brands, with Bakermanuniceldxi 800, Mericl-8000i, the new industry maglumix, with 6.82%, 6.70%, and 4.93% respectively. Domestic manufacturers occupy five of the top 10 seats.
The new industry has steadily expanded the market for level III hospitals, which in 2023 were serviced by 1535 tertiary hospitals in the country, with 57.46 per cent coverage in the country and a higher number of tertiary hospitals in the first half of 2024.
2.3. The share of local companies in the market has grown steadily as a result of a combination of collection of fees on machines and national production in lieu of proper timing. In 2021, Anhui Province took the lead in the collection of chemical-induced photoreagents for cancer-related antigen testing, experimental testing of infectious diseases, experimental diagnosis of myocardial diseases, and experimental diagnosis of myocardial diseases.
The hormonal test and the original test of calcium were conducted for a total of 145 products in five major categories of 23 subcategories, 88 of which were negotiated for clinically tested reagents, with an average reduction of 47.02%. Among these, the new industry, Murray, Boyang, Soling, and Wanfu were among the top domestic firms.
The market share has grown steadily as intensive mining projects have continued. In 2022, revenues from domestic reagent operations in the new industry grew by 18.02 per cent over the same period, with Maglumix8 entering more than two large health care units in excess of two billion yuan, and the market share jumped to more than 20 per cent.
The chemical luminous phase is milder than the biochemical reagents. In 2022, 23 provinces (districts, military regiments), Jiangxi and others, a concentration of hepatic biochemical test agents was procured as a collection of the first Union stock market.
In 2023, the Medical Security Department of 25 provinces (districts, regiments), including Anhui Province, formed a joint procurement consortium for the central procurement of in vitro diagnostic reagents, covering eight infectious diseases, sex hormones, and so on.
53.9% reduction in the number of chemical luminous detection projects covered by the company, all of which entered group A and were successfully selected. A new round of swollen markers, a large market for kowtoms, and a centralized procurement of in vitro diagnostic reagents in 28 provinces (districts, legions), including Anhui Province, at the end of 2024, covered 16 tumour markers, nine thyroid tests, etc.
Project, based on the above-mentioned 28 provincial collections and validly declared prices, we derive the market size of the current knapsack and swollen markers from the required winning prices.
In order to show that importers still account for half of the wall, and that national production replacement space is still large, with a 51 per cent ratio for tumour markers and 53 per cent for thyroid functional test kits, and 38 per cent for Merry Medical + New Industries + Anto-Mike Biology + Yafilong. National manufacturers have accumulated technological depths.
The quality of the product is sufficient to replace the country’s production, and multiple advantages, such as costs and services, are expected to be further developed in the country. With Méri’s medical and new industries ahead, both are expected to achieve a 51% share in the collection through such advantages as prices, services, etc., as shown in figure 24: Royabesi, the oncology marker, in 2024.
Figure 25: In 2024, Arkorojabessi reported 54 per cent.3 Co-development of instrument reagents, outstanding product competitiveness 3.1. Accelerated growth of instrumentation to lay the foundation for reagent release
In 2008, the company successfully developed the Maglumi 2000 fully automated chemical luminous immunology analyser, and successfully developed 68 fully automated chemical luminal analysis reagents, such as thyroid, glands, oncology markers, sugar metabolites, and obtained a product registration certificate to achieve domestic chemical growth.
A zero breakthrough in the field of photo immunoanalysis was followed by new products such as maglumi 2000plus, maglumi 1000, maglumi 600, maglumi 4000, maglumi 800, maglumi 4,000 plus, etc., to meet the needs of different clients.
The product matrix gradient is configured to meet the requirements of different clients. Since 2019, when Maglumix8 was created, the x-column product lines have been enriched, and companies have successively rolled out x 3, x 6, x 8, x 10, and have constructed a whole series of chemical light analyser product matrices ranging from small to large, low-speed to hypervelocity, taking into account the differences between large hospitals and primary health-care institutions.
x10, x8, with excellent performance, took over the global high-end market. In 2018, the world ' s first high-end chemical luminous immune analyser was launched at a speed of 600t/h, maglumix8, as a high speed machine for medium-sized and large medical institutions, with 300 sample and 42 reagent slots and 600t/h detectable at the same speed as the same type.
The instrumentation, biochemistry, electrolysis analyser combinations are connected. x8 has a significant advantage in the sample location and test speed, issuing a higher volume of maglumix10 per year, testing at a speed of 1,000 t/h, supporting the integration into the entire laboratory automated system, better meeting the requirements of large laboratories, and is expected to further expand the company ' s market at large medical terminals.
The value for money ratio of x6 is significant and suitable for different end-users. In 2022, Maglumix6 was marketed, and the equipment was equipped with a flexible washing module, a new generation of liquid tip transfer techniques with a detection speed of 450 t/h, a pedigree efficiency ratio of 320 t/h/m2, 112 sample and 30 reagents, with an overvalued value advantage and a wide client base.
With a small size, speed and load compared to the U.S. large aircraft, Maglumix3 meets the needs of its customers.
Weaknesses and limited testing are popular among the client groups of major hospitals for emergency care, outpatients, small and medium hospitals, primary health-care institutions, and independent laboratories.
Since the global spread of the new crown disease in 2020, the company ' s chemical luminous equipment has moved into a fast-growing development path, with a rapid increase in the number of installed machines. Since 2020, the annual sales of its domestic luminous instruments have stabilized at more than 1,300, reaching a total of 13,561 units in the country as of 2024h1 so that reagent sales can be sustained.
Figure 27: Rapid rise in the share of large domestic aircraft: 3.2. Reagent advantages: full menu + small molecular technology lead + self-production of upstream raw materials 3.2.1, full menu of light reagents and high product competitiveness
The list of chemical reagents is complete, and product competitiveness is significant. The company is one of the most fully developed chemical reagents in the industry, and the types and quantities of testing projects are in the lead domestically. As of 2024h1, 181 chemical reagents (out of 257 registrations) have been registered in the domestic market in the company country, with the appropriate reagents covering the tumor labels.
Tests for objects, thyroid, infectious diseases, glands, myocardial signs, inflammation surveillance, sugar metabolism, osteoporosis, liver fibrosis, and self-immunist antibodies, among other things. Especially because of the closed nature of the chemical light diagnostic system, a full reagent menu will effectively improve the competitiveness of the company’s products.
3.2.2. Deep-farming small-molecular conservancy, excellent detection performance. Immunization testing is usually divided into two main categories, competition law and non-competition law, the most commonly used method of non-competition law is centrifugal.
Differences. In competitive immuno-tests, the analyser competes with the marked (or fixed) analyser for limited antibodies. Conversely, the kernel immuno-test combines two different antibodies based on overdose and has a higher level of sensitivity, accuracy and specificity.
In the light of the signal response curve, the kernel method is different from the place where the competition law produces a hook effect, which occurs at high antibody doses, and the competition law.
In general, it is much easier to measure powerful signals in low-level settings than to measure two weak signals, and for this reason the kernel method is theoretically more sensitive than the competition law. Moreover, the overuse of capture and trace antibodies in kinetic terms facilitates the formation of anti-antigen-antibodies compounds.
In small molecular tests, the competition law itself suffers from a variety of deficiencies, such as inadequate density, low sensitivity, low variability, vulnerability, and narrow linear boundaries. Thus, after the introduction of the non-competition technology layout of small molecules in 2017, new industry organisms have gone through more than four years of depth adjustment.
By 2021, successful breakthroughs in small molecular compound antibody development technology bottlenecks had been built to complete the small molecular centrifugal detection technology platform, covering feedstock development platforms and reagent process development platforms, to provide a solid basis for the company ' s development in this area. By 2024h1, the company had completed 25-hydroxy-vitamindd, ellipsate,
Female diol, tacmos, triiodine, triiodine, tridine thyroid amino, peri-thyroidine, total thyroid herb, total thyroid herb, and the product of eight small molecular bi-negative reagents. Once tested, the kernel detectors are highly consistent with the lc-ms/ms method (the gold standard) and very unusual tablets for low-value samples.
The shortcomings of the competition law are now well compensated for. Figure 30: Small-molecular sensitisation, speciality, high consistency Inter-room Quality Evaluations (eoa) of Chemical Light Reagents for Activities organized by the National Health Care and Hygiene Commission for the Year
The company’s reagents are highly recognized by industry, pgi, pgii, hcg, ca50, ca242 are among the 11 best laboratories in the country.
3.2.3. The feedstock platform is fully built, enabling research and development for the production of dual cycles Self-production of key materials, and technological innovation for the auxiliary reagents. The company ' s Reagent Material Research and Development Technology Platform has five technological research platforms covering molecular expression platforms, small molecular modifiers and organic synthesis platforms, and protein purity platforms.
Multiple cloning antibodies research and development platform, monoclon antibodies research platform. The material platform can achieve stability of small molecular antigens, modifier and full process monitoring, ensure that complete antigens that meet the technical requirements are prepared, and screen the first antibodies with high affinity and strength that identify only small molecular antibodies from the table, while at the same time, at the critical second compound, the antibodies are available and alive.
In the production chain, a full range of technical circuits and quality control strategies have been developed from the design of the combination sites, the expansion of the tabulations, and the identification of the tables to ensure the high specificity and affinity of the anti-commodity antibodies and to provide a solid raw material base for the achievement of kernel detection.
Figure 33: Antigen antibody preparation is the key to the achievement of kernel technology, kernel detection of small molecular reactions, high self-sufficiency of raw materials and maintenance of the reagent Māori ratio. According to the mid-2022 report, more than 70% of the company ' s output is higher than 70%.
The successful development and production of key raw materials eased the problem of outsourcing of some of the reagent products and the high cost of the raw materials, reduced dependence on international antigens imports, stabilized the level of corporate reagent Maori and helped companies to diagnose reagent products.
In June 2023, the company reagents R & D production centre was upgraded and put into production, the research and development capacity was significantly upgraded, the base was added to high-end equipment, the cell block platform was matured, and the unit expressed a significant increase in output, drawing on the output of the company's reagent products.
Litres provide raw material security. A significant increase in the unit expression of the smooth cell block expression programme has the following advantages: (a) a significant reduction in the cost of materials such as culture media; (b) a reduction in the production workload, which has resulted in significant savings in the human capacity of the various components (e.g. expression, purity, etc.); and (c) an improvement in the quality stability of the reagent product, which is conducive to controlling differences between batches.
4. The offshore market continues to be active, with horizontal expansion of the ivd business area 4.1. The installation structure continues to be optimized, the power reagent potential is released. The overseas market is fast-loaded and the engine upgrades fuel the growth of the reagents. As of 2024h1, the company is in the overseas city.
Over the same period, more than 20945 chemical luminescence analysis instruments were sold, exceeding the 13,561 in the country; of these, 2024h1, a total of 2281 fully automated chemical luminous instruments were sold in the overseas market, up from 796 in the domestic market during the same period, and the total number and speed of aircraft installed in the overseas market exceeded that of the country.
The machine structure is optimized continuously, with a steady increase in the share of medium-sized and large-scale instruments. Only 2024h1, the company ' s share of large-scale instruments overseas amounted to 64.80%, a significant improvement over the level of 26.23% in 2020. Considering that medium-sized and large instruments have far higher output than small ones, the ratio of medium and large-sized aircraft continues to increase as the structure of the successor aircraft continues to optimize.
The reagents are sold overseas and the quality of the products is recognized by many countries. As of 2024h1, the company sold a total of 202 chemically active and photoreagents globally, 191 of which have access to the EU and have obtained fda clearance.
Yearly certified through the German system for the quality management of medical devices tüviso 13485: chemical luminous manufacturers, first in the country to obtain access to fda products, in 2017, reagent products entered the United States market; in 2020, the company obtained the first ivdrace certificate in China in the field of chemical luminous; in 2022 it became the first in China, Hbv, hcv, iv
4.2. Clear marketing strategy: the overseas market continues to expand, localizes the market, and distributors expand the market on their own initiative and regionalize their subsidiaries.
The company gradually divides the overseas market and regionalizes it, i.e., the regions implement independent businesses based on distributors’ actual business and market potential.
The marketing, after-sales, market and commercial four-tier model enhances product marketing and after-sales linkages and enhances the quality and capacity of regional product services.
Selection of priority countries and establishment of overseas affiliates, building on successful experiences, to provide a regional market for surface radiation to boost the ability of overseas localization. As of 2024h1, the establishment of 10 overseas affiliates (excluding the new Chinese Hong Kong industry and the new Chinese Hong Kong industry holdings) has been completed, contributing to the sustained growth of overseas priority regional operations.
In India, for example, expatriate technical services workers are spread across 14 different cities in India, providing 24-hour technical support to ensure timely response to the urgent needs of distributors and end-users.
4.3. Horizontal expansion of other ivd tracks and upgrading of the overall laboratory solutions. The biochemical diagnostic field, which the company has been actively developing, is gradually improving the product matrix, which as of 2024h1 is globally oriented (92 registrations), with reagents covering detection projects for kidney function, liver function, special proteins, lipids, etc.
Biossaysc8, c10 has excellent performance to meet the needs of large end customers. The full-automatic bioscosays reagents and 300 samples are capable of continuous loading: 2, modular design: listable with the same type bioscopic device or the same product year, detection speed further up, c10 applies to larger terminals and can be connected to the full laboratory automation system.
Strategic cooperation and autonomous research and development to complete molecular diagnostic product lines. In 2021, the company added two products: a fully automated nucleic acid extracter and a nucleic acid extraction reagent box.
The pcr system molecisions6 and the fully automated nucleic acid analyser with an autonomous patent, moleciionr8, as of 2024h1, the product of the multiple nucleic acid tester obtained a ce entry and a domestic product registration certificate.
The blood reagent product Fibre Protein Degradation Reagent Box (CEI) was approved for a national certificate of registration of medical devices, which to date includes four cagnoses, and the above-mentioned certificate of registration enriched the product type of the company's inspection test agent and contributed to the upgrading of the public.
The Division's laboratory supply capacity for the overall solution. 4.4. Full-scale automatic water flow line, reagent procurement, construction of the water mounds, and joint import companies to enter the market for the military, chemical and biological immune stream.
Connecting to the testing system, reducing manual operation, increasing automation, and reducing samples by up to 80% of the week, significantly improving the efficiency of screening for bio-immunisation. The country’s current-line market started late, introducing the country’s first bio-immun-water stream in 2001, and since then, the current-line penetration in the domestic market has steadily increased in order to optimize detection effectiveness.
Increased. Due to the high barriers to current water lines, which require the development of menus 1, high-speed biochemicals, immunoanalysis modules and rich diagnostic reagents, menu 2, “operational system” software module 3, mechanization programmes, the biochemical and immuno-water lines installed in domestic hospitals remain firmly dominated by foreign brands, so companies work with Semer and Japan to push each other.
The new industry, the Seymour Flying Water Lines, satlars-tca, the new industry, the Yokosu Water Lines, not only taps into domestic and foreign markets through internationally known manufacturers and brand advantages, but also accumulates a wealth of experience in the design, production and after-sales of current water lines, laying the foundation for self-research of current water lines.
Figure 39: Strategic co-operation with foreign producers in the advance of the water flow line Figure 38: Increased automation of the water flow line, reduced turnaround time, self-research of the in vitro diagnosis of the water flow line and provision of smart laboratory system solutions. March 2024, company self-research.
The smart lab solution satlarst8 has been released, and as of 2024q3, satlarst8 stream products have been installed in a total of 30 units and are recognized by the market. The satlarst8 is fully integrated into five areas of specialization: biochemistry, immunisation, electrolysis, condensation, molecules; unique two-way four-track design to make the sample schedule more flexible and allow for inspection.
Dynamic balance; modular design and flexible configuration of multiple types of orbits that can meet various laboratory detection needs and empty space; new smart management software ixlab, which further empowers the efficiency and intelligentness of the current water line, master ixlab, which contains four major plates of smart testing, smart management, intelligent science, intelligent services, and a professional set of data
Processing and information management systems, aids for clinical testing, intelligenceization, standardization of management. Waterline construction reagents are purchased to protect the city, with a combined output much higher than that of single machines.
The device is used in combination with reagents, which naturally create a greater degree of user stickyness. Once the current line has been successfully passed into the hospital, the reagent purchase agreement is usually signed simultaneously for several years. On the full scale of efficiency improvements in the testing section, the water line model displays a significant advantage over the single machine model, and its output is far greater than that of the single machine.
The level of output is considerable. Level II hospitals are usually equipped with a stream of water, with an average of one biochemical unit and two lighting units, and level III hospital is equipped with an average of two stream water lines, with two biochemical units and six light units, with an annual output of more than 10 million.
5. Profit forecasting and investment recommendation 5.1, Key assumptions of the income model (1) Reagents: The domestic market for chronic disease detection is on the rise and the company ' s technology platform is well developed to accommodate differences
Global market expansion has been successful, manufacturers, agents, pole terminals have co-existed in the market, and reagent sales have been growing rapidly. In response to a major breakthrough in the market with a large population base, the Department has continued to promote high-value projects on the market and has focused on enhancing product performance.
(2) Instruments: The company ' s X series of chemical luminous instruments has a high level of recognition, x8/x6/x3 meets the needs of different fluxes, medical institutions are expected to maintain the pace of outreach abroad, domestic equipment renewal policy continues to fall into the ground, so we have a 30-carried external diagnosis of the new industry, a leader in the domestic chemical luminous solution, with systems in place
The instrument reagent product matrix, one of the most comprehensive chemical luminators in the industry, fully meets the needs of different clients. It consolidates the vanguard advantage through horizontal expansion of molecules, biochemistry, etc. At the same time, overseas loads and harvests are growing rapidly as pioneers of the glowing sea.
Farming enterprises in the light sector, compared to comparable companies, have higher national production substitution and valuation premiums in the new industry Space: new industry reagent menus are the most abundant and high-end chemical luminometer performance and prices are in advantage. In the country’s national alternative track for hospitals at the tertiary level, there is a strong competitive advantage, and the market share is expected to continue to grow: overseas markets.
With a leading load and a high rate of growth, a continuous optimization of the installed structure, a successful localization of the reagents, and the prospect of continued re-use, the company's overseas earnings ratio and overall Māori ratio, the new industry has a higher valuation premium, the first coverage, and a “buy-in” rating.
Corporate R & D, registration, certification of products are less than expected: company R & D, registration and certification cover a wide range of fields such as immunization, biochemistry, molecules, etc., and more than 150 countries, with higher requirements for R & D and product registration. In recent years, registration policies in China, the EU, and the United States have become tighter and more difficult.
Risks of exchange rate fluctuations: the amount of a company's sales abroad is relatively large and the currency of the sale settlement of foreign products is mainly settled in United States dollars and euros, such as the exchange rate of the renminbi vis-à-vis major currencies such as the United States dollar and the euro, is highly volatile.
The resulting exchange gains and losses will affect the performance of the company.