Internet voucher trademark poles, the leader of retail wealth management 10 05, 2020, created an incomparable advantage of Internet currents, and built a conglomerate of wealth around sticky users: we stress that we need to make the most of it.
The firm's absolute leading flow advantage in the financial field is the firmest moat of the company: 1)pc end: the Eastern Wealth Network has been firmly on the vertical finance portal for years, both in terms of user flow and stickyness; 1) the mobile end: the app user size is second-lower, the user's sticky industry is first big,
The stock bar, the sky fund network have a preponderant advantage in the area of segmentation. Based on the core flow advantage, companies actively market third-party funds, securities, letters, futures, Internet insurance, micro-loans, etc., and expand financial full-size + extension.
The financial services chain, building a wealth eco-coop around sticky users, two transformations boosted the flow of liquidity. After 2012, companies built a wealth eco-cooper with three major leaps: fund swaps – retail securities – wealth management.
The value of the client's arpu has been rising steadily (funds collect 100 billion grades and retail securities hundreds of millions), based on the reuse of flows, and securities performance has continued to grow, with high flows + low-cost + excellent services building core competitiveness:
By relying on the flow dividend of the Internet securities model, the market share of eastern securities brokerage has risen rapidly, leading to an overturning of the market, with a market share of 3.0 per cent as of June 2019 (the highest expected market ranking), driving companies to continue to increase their securities performance at a rate of more than 60 per cent.
Retail securities standardization features, and future industry trends will form a relatively stable oligopoly structure, with the flow base and cost advantage being the core strength of the industry restructuring process, with the possibility of corporate debt swaps, and with the replenishment of securities operating funds, with further growth expected (market share as of June 2019).
1.4 per cent, and Eastern stock securities are expected to maintain their retail stock leader status: 1) Internet securities are uniquely light, asset models make their marginal costs superior to those of traditional bond dealers, and low-cost operating security profits are growing at the same time; 2) financial flows have a significant advantage and retail customers continue to grow and accumulate.
Quantities and customer stickyness have significant advantages in the drive for retailing of Internet securities: 3) line-up, full-scale layout below line, top-end agent plusc end-app ecosystem, most robust, rapidly expanding company retail portfolio maps, with the prospect of subsequent recovery of the most beneficial markets under pre-accuracy.
• The company opens up a long-term wealth management development space for credit recognition: 1) Three transformations (discount broker-Internet voucher-integrated wealth management platform) have seized on the historical opportunity to share the dividends of the era and eventually achieve the global wealth management champions.
Values (approximately 3xpb, 17xpe) are significantly higher than traditional investment banks such as Morgan Stanley (approximately 1xpb, 9xpe). 2) We believe that Kashin high valuations are derived from: technology-driven, profit rates under the light asset model being significantly higher than those of peers; and, following the transformation of the Integrated Wealth Management Platform, the share of commissions in brokering fell, and assets decreased.
Quality rises from year to year, clients' reuse and growth form the basis for the development of wealth management operations, and high growth has led to higher valuation space for Internet coupons than for traditional coupons.
A model for the successful transformation of wealth management from Internet retail securities was provided to Toyoshi. With East power, supplementary capital stock is on the line. 2020-Foundation products are on the line, companies are formally entering the wealth management market, and the wealth conglomerate is on the rise.
Perfect, looking at Eastern wealth as a source of customer resources, platform systems, operating 2, Eastern Wealth (300059): a season of three natural core advantages, future creation of Fund products, investment advisers, customer asset allocation
"Big expectations, high growth of securities, profit projections and investment ratings: corporate swaps increase capital strength, portfolio business expands further, the online wealth financial biosphere of the Fund is further refined, and retail wealth management is firmly valued.
Slight supermarket expectations, maintaining a high growth rate, and rising financial and securities markets are not as high as expected: 4) wealth management is not growing as expected. 1. Internet finance pole core competitiveness: a wealth biosphere with faithful users
The wealth network of the East has an incomparable advantage in the financial field at the pc end, and the wealth management dividend of the most benefiting inhabitants. We stress that the flow advantage is the firm's most secure moat, with the Internet finance platform at the heart of the Eastern Wealth Network being the State.
One of the most heavily accessed and sticky financial platforms in the country is the Financial and Economic Information Portal, the Eastern Wealth Network, the Stock Exchange, and the Sky Fund Network, all of which have a leading advantage in the area of segmentation. At the pc end, the Eastern Wealth Network is firmly at the forefront of the vertical Finance and Economic Portal, both in terms of user flow and stickyness.
The wealth network, the company ' s largest flow entrance, was officially launched in 2004 with strong information channels and user accumulation based on volume, timeliness, professional financial information and financial information. According to Irene, as of February 2020, the wealth of the East had reached 63.13 million people per month, after the new economy, and the market had dominated the top 10 financial platforms of the same kind.
Up to 17%, compared to competitors and financial and economic websites such as those in the media, finance, homogeneity, etc., the platform is highly sticky and the flow advantage is sustainable. 2) The stock bar + the daily fund network has the upper edge in traffic and has achieved an integrated Internet financial services platform.
In 2006, the first release agency took the lead in bringing together a large number of investment users, taking an absolutely leading position in the Internet’s financial and economic interactive community, with a much higher degree of activity than similar competitors, such as the New Waves, and the Communications Unit, and with greater reliance and stickyness on users. The Sky Fund Network, when it came online in 2007, absorbed a large number of people in the base by offering its sales and search services.
According to Irey, in February 2020, the monthly coverage of the daily network was +50 to 9.39 million people, which is far faster than that of other websites.
Figure 3: Average daily page views of the Fund ' s network for 2016-2019 days (millions) Figure 4: Average daily active users of the Fund ' s network for 2016-2019 days (millions)
At the start, due to the late start, the size of the append user is now in the second line of the industry. According to Igumi, the Eastern wealth was 14.7 million by March 2020, followed by the same flower (about 38% of the same flower, 33% at the end of 2018, and the gap is gradually narrowing), but it is in the top of the voucher app, compared to the third.
On the user side, Eastern wealth is based on its financial advantages + its stronger social attributes, and the average person spends one day at a time to maintain the industry first. According to Ere, the East Wealth Network grew the fastest (3.719 million) monthly independent equipment in the securities service sector in March 2020.
1.2. The funds pre-empted, the coupons broke out, and created a financial circle of wealth, based on the advantages of flow, to create a financial platform for the Internet.
The company, based on its core flow advantage, has been actively marketing third-party funds online for recent years (2012), securities (2015), letters (2016), insurance brokers (2019) and other financial operations, expanding the financial portfolio and extending the financial services chain.
In October 2018, the EDF’s public fund-raising license was approved, and as of now the EBF has reached four index funds, and the financial map has been further expanded.
The core value lies in the construction of a multilayered conglomerate of wealth, and the client's arpu value continues to rise. We believe that the business model of the company’s core is a multilayered flow of wealth conglomerates based on the four main elements of flow, data, license plates, and scenario.
After the three-way fund became eligible for sales, the company went through three stages of building a wealth conglomerate: fund swaps - retail securities - wealth management. Each time it jumped, the company entered a more profitable market (fund surcharge of 100 billion, retail securities of 100 billion), with significant realizations based on the reuse of flows (first round of liquidity from financial data to funds).
The third round of the transition, with wealth management at its core, is expected to be more pronounced. Figure 7: Corporate business structure as flows materializes The first step in building a wealth biosphere: funds for sale.
The impact of the cards was that the number and scale of the Sky Fund went up rapidly after the first third-party fund was eligible for sale in 2012. In 2015, the size of corporate fund sales reached $743.3 billion, and sales of the Fund received $2.4 billion, or +557 per cent, as a core business (83 per cent of revenue) driving the year’s performance.
The number of online fund products, 7861, is still in the forefront of the industry as well as of the good-buying fund and the same flower. In 2019, the Fund maintained a steady upward trend in sales earnings, with an increase of 16 to 1.24 billion yuan from the same year, and in the first quarter of 2020, a decline of 4 per cent in the single quarterly “business income” predominantly sold by the Fund, with a significant increase of 102.3 per cent to 649 million yuan from the same year.
The second step in building the wealth conglomerate: retail securities business. As a result of increased competition in the industry, there was a gradual drop in fund sales rates, with companies buying and buying Tibetan equivalent securities in 2015, formally moving into the securities field, opening the way to a second transformation, and expanding the market space.
Households continue to shift to portfolio customers, Eastern wealth securities quickly take up market shares in retail business, drive bond dealers' performance; boom (9.15 to 1.150 billion yuan per year in 2016) and show a very strong growth (e.g., accounting, clearing, etc., market share continues to rise). In 2019, the share of corporate securities business income reached a high level.
(b) In early 2020, companies issued a revolving debt (totalling $7.3 billion) to finance operating funds to supplement Eastern wealth securities, of which up to $6.5 billion was used to scale up two-fold operations, boost market shares, and finance bond operations with capital replenishments;
On October 10, 2018, the Eastern Council for the Certification of Wealth Securities approved $200 million to set up a fully funded subsidiary, the Tibetan Eastern Finance Fund Management Company Ltd., which has a license plate.
The expansion of business at the strategic level, following the expansion of the Fund ' s sales in 2012 and the acquisition of coupons in 2015, marks the company ' s taking the key to the third phase of the Wealth Circle, officially opening a new era of wealth management, with greater scope for future development. By establishing a public fund management company, the company ' s operations will gradually move from downstream distribution channels to upstream product development.
Extended, integrated fund production, improved financial services chain, and increased revenue sources, such as fund administration fees, are expected to be another engine of performance growth. The global assets managed by the United States Beleckrock Group were $743 trillion by the end of 2019, with net profits of $4.53 billion; and the public administration of the China Alfonda Fund by the end of 2019.
We believe that companies are expected to achieve rapid growth in the future in areas such as the IMF, index funds, etc. 1.3. The second phase of the strategic transformation, with performance cut-off points, is established
After the current high rate of growth, the decline in the market climate in 2016 resulted in a significant decline in corporate performance (partly offset by a 915.1 per cent increase in portfolio business income over the year). Net corporate return profits in 2017, 6.37 per cent, driven by significant growth in corporate securities brokerage and finance voucher operations, continued performance improved in 2018.
High growth continued in 2019, with a net return of $1.831 billion, an increase of 91 per cent in the same year, and a net return of $126.5 million to $874 million in the same year in the 202001 period.
Typical Internet expansion patterns, with higher costs for inputs such as front channels, platforms, systems, etc., but very small marginal costs, are reflected in high cost rates when the city is not well represented, but once the market is above the threshold (i.e. the market is the right rate for hard input costs of the parent system/platform) performance will reach the scale effect zone (new)
Most of the increase in revenue will be reflected in profits, with a gradual decline in the total cost rate and a significant increase in the profit rate. In the first quarter of 2020, corporate operating costs, sales costs and management costs were 39.6 per cent, 5.7 per cent and 18.8 per cent, respectively, and cost rates were consistently down, and we believe that the growth in corporate performance is moving into a scale-effect zone.
The cost of R & D has grown steadily, providing the technological base and dynamic energy for a one-stop exchange service platform. The cost of R & D for Eastern wealth was $305 million in 2019, which is 7.7 times higher than in 2012 and 34 per cent higher than the annual compound growth rate for 2012-2019; the number of R & D personnel was 1726, or 37.91 per cent of the total workforce; and the cost of R & D per person for R & D was $177,000.
There is still room for improvement in R & D inputs, compared to Hsiao (216,000 in 2018) and Big Wisdom (196,000 in 2018). Now that the company has entered the scale effect zone, we expect to invest more in R & D costs, injecting into the technological development of the company why do Eastern financial securities continue to grow?
Since 2013, Internet securities have broken out, and large coupons have gradually lost their market share (the share of the brokerage market has continued to go down) while Eastern securities have continued to fall.
By June 2019, the market share of the business had risen to 3.00 per cent, making it the fastest growing brokering business since 2016.
The credit coupon business has been growing in reverse and is expected to be the next growth point in the securities business. The market share of the two blends in the East’s securities has been rising steadily since June 2016 (six months after the acquisition was completed), mainly on the basis of the principal Internet users of the company’s parent company.
7.3 billion yuan, of which up to 6.5 billion yuan will be used to finance the operation of Eastern wealth securities, to expand the size of the two-combined business and increase market share, due to the lag effect of the increase in the share of the two-consolidated business market (investors usually have to open the finance coupon six months after opening), and it is expected that with the replenishment of the capital, the company will have two-package operations.
Figure 22: Eastern wealth securities ranking, securities performance continues to grow at a high rate of over 50%. In the context of a rapid increase in brokering and stock market participation, corporate securities revenue grew rapidly, with a certificate of corporate consolidated reporting in 2019.
The net revenue from the brokerage business was 1,662 million yuan (85.69 per cent of the net revenue from fees and commissions), an increase of 57.85 per cent over the same period, and the structure of the financial securities, which are still dominated by brokering and mixed operations, was 1,196 million yuan in 2018, representing an increase of 17.35 per cent; interest income of 618 million yuan, an increase of 48.76 per cent over the same period,
The share of income reached 38% and 20%, respectively. In recent years, Eastern financial securities, based on their Internet channel flow advantages, have continued to improve the competitiveness of their business channels, dominated by economic discipline and mixed business, driving companies to continue to grow in high performance, with a success of 2.2. Internet voucher trademark poles, flow base plus cost advantage plus quality services building core competitiveness
The net commission rate for brokering was about 0.014 per cent (0.03 per cent on average in the 2017h1 sector and 0.018h1 to 0.03 per cent), which was only higher than for the same period in terms of Chinese securities (0.0216 per cent on commissions), with a strong competitive advantage in low prices and a distinct feature of Internet securities.
The cost of opening an online business department and recruiting investment advisers has resulted in a higher profit margin for the business model of light asset brokerage than for traditional bond dealers, guaranteeing that Eastern securities will continue to grow at the same pace as in the strategy of low commission rates. The platform has a significant advantage, and the number of customers continues to rise.
At the end of 2016, companies had accumulated 1.84 million customers (currently about 2 million).
On the line, the Internet genes of Toyochi gave him an absolute advantage (the number of end-users is second only to the number of homogenous, far above the number of other coupons); on the line, Toyoshi was expanding its business layout to build a relatively low-cost light business department throughout 2017.
As of December 2019, there were 148 businesses and 12 branches, compared to the end of the year, when the number of eastern financial brokers reached 1,656 and ranked ninth in the market, actively expanding access to clients and meeting the demand for retail customers’ services. We believe that the most robust ecological layouts are at the end of B (brokers) and end (apps)
The quality of service chains and services constantly improves client stickyness. Eastern wealth apps provide one-stop services, including smart openings, hand-on-hand trading experiences, special behavioral information, etc., and achieves 7 * 24 hours a day.
On-line, global financial information is streamed live; at the same time, E.F.A.P. has a professional channel of investment exchange, The Wealth is based on a variety of professional financial teams from the media platform, such as Red Books, Ye Hoops, Tian Hoon Foundation, etc., and users can interact in a precise way by offering questions and answers, and can be accessed on the stock bar platform at any time.
Full, timely, and ground-based information on the stock market. With its constantly improving service chain and professional quality, Toyoshi is able to increase customer stickyness, creating one of the company’s core competitive advantages and laying a solid foundation for the company’s continued healthy development.
3.1. Three times self-innovation, cast to the nation’s lead. Charlesschwab, founded in 1971, is a financial services company based in San Francisco. The company provides comprehensive financial services, such as asset management and brokering, and is the biggest wealth management in the United States and the world.
One of the companies. The stage of fiscal development can be summarized in three phases: discount brokers, Internet bonds, and full-service securities for wealth management. Each time a credit transfer takes advantage of historical opportunities, shares the dividends of the era, and achieves a global leader in wealth management.
And the share is growing rapidly. But, given the replicability of the low-servers' access to the coupons, the key to Katarina’s ability to remain strong for decades is that it always keeps up with the needs of its clients and constantly seeks innovation at the technical level.
Trading has evolved from the original subversive means to the established rules of the entire industry. The transformation of the electronic and global voucher dealers has since been completed, each time following the needs of its customers and always leading them to the growth of the company’s strategy, figure 29: Merit.
1971-1995: Contraryly, the market was seized by discounting the brokering business. In 1975, the United States abolished the uniform commission system, introduced bargaining commissions in securities transactions, and most securities brokers took measures to reduce the commission rate paid by institutional investors and to increase the commission rate paid by general investors; and in Sudoshi.
In 1987, the United States introduced the Employees' Retirement Income Guarantee Act, which stimulates demand for equity and fund allocation for American residents, despite individual retirement accounts.
It's a special product, but people in the banking sector still view personal retirement accounts as just a general one, charging customers an annual fee for opening and maintaining personal retirement accounts, and the associated product is expensive.
Funds, covering a variety of types of fund services, such as money market funds, equity funds, bond funds, etc., were launched in 1992 in the context of the Common Fund Consolidated Account, allowing customers to place all of their securities assets and funds in full, easy to administer, and free of charge and transaction fees. Credit is based on discount commissions and fund supermarket innovations.
1996-2001: seize the opportunity of electronic brokering and move from traditional to Internet brokering. Companies face significant competition with discount commissions, which are replicable, and discounted brokers, which have emerged from time to time.
In 1995, the role of the Internet was highlighted, with many banks, software development companies, insurance companies, and other companies expanding their product lines and increasing competition. In 1996, the letter began to move ahead with the transition to an Internet broker, introducing an eschwab service for online transactions, integrating all eschwab services under the flag.
Launched in the third quarter of 1996, information and transactional services are provided through company web sites. These electronic brokering channels enable investors to place orders, receive account information and access real-time securities market information. 2002-present: Differential competition, wealth management transitions to enhance customer stickyness.
At the dawn of the twenty-first century, competition for online brokering has entered a hot phase, with a high degree of homogenization of brokering, and many large-scale investors have also engaged clients through digital platforms. In an effort to seek differentiation, they have invested in institutional operations that involve integrated financial service providers in a variety of operations, including banking, asset management, insurance, pensions, etc., and have transformed wealth management.
In 2000, the company acquired the Strust Wealth Management Company and established a United States Trust Division to provide services, including investment, wealth management, trust, finance and private banking, to move from portfolio brokerage to wealth management clients. In 2001, the company provided a variety of web-based research and analysis tools, including position monitors, stock filters, stock filters, etc.
Asset distribution tools, etc., are designed to help clients deliver better investment results. In 2003, the company set up Katarina Bank and introduced a proprietary common fund, thus completing the complete layout covering the three pillars of securities brokerage, wealth management and retail banking, and steadily increasing the size of the company’s customer assets.
In October 2019, Kaizumi implemented a “zero commission” policy whereby the management of assets and the net income from interest became the company's two main revenue pillars, and the current structure of credit management operations can be seen as a combination of two operations: banks with net interest differentials and wealth management companies with asset management fees. In 2019, asset management and net interest income accounted for 30.1 per cent and 60.8 per cent, respectively.
On the other hand, customer reuse and growth are the basis for the growth of wealth management operations. Credit client assets are growing year by year, and client quality has increased, laying the foundation for further development of their operations. As of December 31, 2019, Cartr.
With $4.04 trillion in customer assets, the number of active broker clients amounted to 12.33 million.
Figure 33: Share of income from managed/commissioned operations in 1998-2019 3.2. Growing from small securities brokers to wealth management giants, what is the reason for credit success in the billions of United States dollars, second only to those in the United States Stock Exchanges, Tama and Goldman Sachs. By the end of 2019, companies had managed customers.
Assets of $4.04 trillion, active securities accounts of $12.3 million, with more than 360 businesses in 48 states across the United States. In terms of valuations, credit management (about 3 xpb, 17 xpe) is significantly higher than traditional investment banks such as Morgan Stanley (about 1 xpb, 9xpe).
It can be divided into three parts: a forward-looking vision and initiatives, a widening business landscape and a never-ending pace of innovation, starting with a client-oriented concept.
A forward-looking vision and initiatives were an important reason for the success of Kashin, whose first brokering and trade analysis system was introduced in its early years, significantly reducing the cost and accuracy of processing orders; and whose subsequent introduction of web-based tools, such as Balancers, and Smart People on the Streets, yielded a great deal of information.
Public sentiment. In 1996, a logical introduction of “eschwab” became the first broker involved in e-commerce, with a keen grasp of historical opportunities. Although a significant number of securities companies in the United States have since begun to focus on e-commerce, and Internet brokers have entered a period of great development, the first companies to enter the field have often been able to obtain the highest market share.
During 1996, the number of clients of the Katsuya financial account schwabone rose by 29 per cent to 960,000; the size of the customer's assets increased by 42 per cent to $114.7 billion. In the personal retirement account operation schwabira, active individuals' retirement accounts increased by 20 per cent to 1.34 million households and the customer's assets increased by 35 per cent to $65.4 billion.
With the transformation of wealth management beginning in 2002, companies have been expanding their business: first, they have set up Katarina Bank, which provides banking services to all clients to supplement their existing service assets and wealth management capabilities; and second, they have designed credit management.
In addition to capital funds, including the Schwab Small Equity Fund (tm), which invests mainly in small United States companies, and the Schwab Equity Fund (tm), which invests mainly in the payment of dividends, as well as the Schwab gnma Fund, which is the core fixed-income mutual fund, which improves the asset management operations of companies, following the 2008 financial crisis, companies have been very aggressive.
Development of smart investment ventures, online “smart portfolio management systems” with zero advisory fees. The change in growth logic from retail securities dealers to integrated wealth management platforms has been completed, providing diversified and one-stop-shop services, with higher levels of growth and resistance to market risks.
Since its inception, Gazprom has maintained its client-oriented corporate strategy: 1) Since its inception, a discount has been introduced. In October, the company announced the opening of the era of petty commissions and announced that it would no longer charge commission fees for online transactions.
Consistent with the company’s vision of investment for all: 2) Internet services that are decisive for the company’s growth, such as market information, opening accounts, delivery and receipt of cheques and securities, but most branch activities are carried out through corporate competitiveness. In recent years, the average asset management cost rate for the company’s clients has been significantly lower than that of Morgan’s wealth management, the United States.
Silver-Americans, etrade, etc.. Credit management has grown from a small traditional securities broker to a vanguard of wealth management, and has always been client-oriented, which can enhance corporate value advocacy and competitive positions and contribute to the long-term growth of total assets and customer sizes of clients who trust finance, thereby helping to build long-term shareholder value.
Fig. 37: The average commission paid for credit transactions in 1995-2017. 3.3. Where is the road to credit for Eastern wealth? Internet discount broker: the same starting point and direction for development.
In the 1970s and 1980s, the idea was not too powerful. With the spread of the Internet in the 1990s, companies launched a network discount broker operation in 1995.
Using low commission strategies to attract large numbers of small and medium-sized households. Client size and collection levels have continued to increase.
There's still a big difference between 19% of credit. The three main profit pillars of Eastern wealth - the general securities business, the fund sales business, and the finance coupon business - have been flawed in terms of product layout, product design and the construction of an integrated wealth management platform, and credit management.
The top-line index fund, the Schwab 1000 Index Fund, which currently manages a wide range of active and passive products under the umbrella of credit management as the industry evolves: the current top four index funds of the Eastern Fiscal Fund still have much room for development of the Fund and other products. 2) In addition to the rich product lines of the Fund, credit provides adequate investment advisory clothing.
• Management and asset allocation options, with the launch in 2015 of the Smart Investment System, the online Integrated Artisanal Financial Advisors in 2017 and the “Mixed Financial Services” for Automatic Smart Investment. As of 2019, the credit finance realization consultancy income was $1.20 billion: the investment service is still in its initial stages, opening up wealth with the company's public fund licence in 2018
To mark the letter, Eastern wealth is issued as a transferable capital supplement, accelerating the expansion of operations. From international experience, credit management offers a model for a successful transformation of wealth management from Internet retail securities.
The current development of Eastern wealth is a tribute to the growth path of credit management, starting with the fact that the company now has essentially the main license plates needed in the construction of the wealth management platform - public fund management, fund sales (public/private fundraising/funds/trusts, etc.), bond dealers (a shares and overseas market transactions and finance) - with a significant advance in the context of further tightening financial regulation.
Second, companies are expected to accelerate their high growth by issuing operating funds at the beginning of the year that can be remitted to supplement Eastern wealth securities to expand their market share and double standards. There is much to be done in the areas of credit management, future company creation of fund products, investment consultants, and customer asset allocation.
Unlike the US, China’s individual investors account for more than 80% of investors’ transactions, and institutional investors are less easily paid, but there has been a gradual upward trend since 2017.
First, the Asian region’s global financial wealth is growing at a pre-global rate of 9.4% between 2018 and 2023. According to Boston, in 2018, China was growing in Asia.
The share of total wealth is as high as 57%, and the Chinese market will be a new engine of global wealth growth with new development opportunities for wealth-management industries. Second, our index fund began to grow rapidly from 2018 to the present. As of 30 June 2019, China’s index fund stood at 10,7.7 billion yuan, a 39% increase from the same period last year, with a 4% increase in total market share from the same period last year.
For 7%, the need for resource allocation has grown, passive investment has been gaining ground as a new growth point in the capital sector, and Eastern wealth is based on three natural core advantages: customer resources, platform systems, and operating costs. Performance is expected to continue to increase, leaving no room for development.
In parallel with the wave, China ' s industry commission rate was 0.0278 per cent in the first quarter of 2020, and the rate of commission from the Chinese coupons continued to decline steadily, allowing for a period of transition in wealth management, focusing on the areas of investment and asset management, which are the inevitable options for the east ' s wealth to adapt to market trends and expand the development space, and companies to the gold period of wealth management in China ' s market, with very promising prospects for the future.
Companies can leverage capital, securities can expand further, funds can be added up, and wealth and financial circles are gradually well-developed, with a strong view to the prospects for retail wealth management. Companies are expected to fall into 1 in 2020, 2021) and market turnover is expected to decline: the decline in market turnover will have a direct impact on the turnover and the two-consolidated balances.
(b) There is a strong competition in the market for fund sales: the rise of the Internet giant may have an impact on the Sky Fund;
4) The development of wealth management has fallen short of expectations: the EDF has just begun, and uncertainty remains about its subsequent development.