High performance growth, rapid growth of pig farming capacity, New Hope (000876), semi-annual review of 2020 research assistant: Lui Kuo-chung
In the first half of the year, the feed, poultry, pig and food industries received 225.86, 90.79, 69.48, 4.135 million yuan, equivalent to 1,97.8 million pigs and pigs, for a total of 2,12.29 million, an increase of 77,94 million.
58.0%. The performance increased significantly, mainly because of the high prices of pigs, which led to a significant increase in the company’s profitability. In the first half of the year, the company achieved 13.01% Māori, an increase of 3.70 percentage points and a decrease of 0.02 percentage points. The increase in Māori and net interest rates was mainly due to an increase in Māori.
At the end of June, the company was able to produce 18 million projects, which are under construction and are expected to be completed by 9.30 pm in the second half of the year, and 10 million projects are expected to be completed by 3.17 pm in the first half of next year.
And with 30 million projects that have been contracted or stockpiled, the theoretical maximum capacity has exceeded 70 million. And, of the projects currently under construction and under preparation, there has been a significant increase in projects in the south-eastern coastal provinces, close to the consumer areas, and this batch of projects will be launched in the future.
The investment proposal is that the volume of company feed sales will grow steadily with industry supplements, that several pig-breeding projects will be built quickly, that pig-breeding capacity will expand significantly, and that future performance will be expected to increase significantly.
The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.