New hope: Pigs are expected to grow significantly in the second half of the year, feed and poultice are growing steadily, and the company issued its semi-annual 2020 performance forecast, which became publicly owned in the first half of the year.
The cumulative annual sales volume of 21.29 million pigs and the accumulated sales income of 7.410 billion were affected by the high cost of out-sourcing pigs, with an average profit of about $700 in the first half of the year and an increase in the share of home-grown pigs growing in the second half of the year.
Of the 21.29 million births in 2020h1, 710,000 are expected to be produced by home-born pigs, 1.27 million by out-buying pigs, and 150,000 by growing pigs. In the first half of the year, it is estimated that some 1.5 billion people will make profits in the production of pigs, all of which are expected to earn 700 yuan.
Total equity/flow (million shares)
The average profit for the first half of the year is expected to be 5 million fattening pigs, mainly in the second half of the year, followed by a gradual increase in the average profit with the release of piglets.
New Hope: A Rapid Expansion of Farming Operations, Feeding as Downstream Farming Resumes, Feeding Operations Continues to Warm, Feeding Sales in the First Half of the Year Follow-up Warming of Poultry Blocks - 2020/4/30
In terms of stock levels in the livestock sector, pigs will support the growth of company feed sales.
During the first half of the year, q1 was affected by the new coronary pneumonia, with the white fowl industry being severely damaged, followed by a gradual recovery in the white fowl industry, with the same prices for poultry being lower than last year, the slaughtering chain being influenced by the high prices of pigs and the continued high profits.
3. Looking ahead: Pig production continues to grow, and there is still room for downside costs. The company has 1.2 million pigs on the side of the year, including 1 million pigs on the side, 800,000 pigs on the side by the end of May, 500,000 pigs on the side of the company.
The rapid growth of pigs will ensure that next year’s goal is achieved. Future reductions in farm-raising costs will focus on the following: (a) the fertility ratio of home-grown pigs; (b) the increase in the price volatility of piglets, which will have a reduced impact on the company’s farm-raising costs and average profit margins; and (b) productivity gains.
The cost of biocontrol is expected to decrease gradually, and we expect that pig production will continue to recover slowly in 2020, while prices for pork and chicken will remain.
Eps (based on the total equity ceiling after unpublished distribution) are 1 for critical outbreak risk: large-scale diseases such as non-continental pigpest or avian flu occur during livestock farming, resulting in the death of animals and a higher level of consumption among the population at large.
Large negative effects, resulting in a contraction of market demand, impacting on industry and related firms' gains, prices and expected risks: significant declines or increases in animal meat prices below cost increases, impact on the profitability of industries and related companies, and there is a future.
The risk of continued growth or even decline in performance.3 The risk of price volatility of raw materials: the production and prices of major raw materials and agricultural products used by companies to produce and operate are more affected by uncontrollable factors such as weather, market conditions, etc.
If the price of the main raw materials fluctuates significantly in the future, it will affect the profits of the industry and the companies involved, the start of the slaughterhouse after the new crown outbreak and the start rate below expectations, and the prices of pigs will be significantly affected and consumption below expectations.
Xiaodong Xiaodong Xing: Joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in 2008 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries sector. The main areas of study are livestock breeding, aquaculture, seeds, fodder, etc. Wang Yanjun: Master’s degree from the Chinese People’s University, joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in 2018 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries sector.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.