Profits are expected to continue to rise in the bio-pig business. New hopes (000876.sz) are expected to grow in the bio-pig business, and profit contributions are expected to continue to rise, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
It is hoped that the semi-annual report for 2020 will be published: during the reporting period, companies achieved operating income of 44.696 billion yuan, an increase of 26.64 per cent, and net return earnings of 3,164 million yuan, an increase of 102.57 per cent. Companies entered the pig industry for a shorter period of time, but built up with a high standard of productivity, with outstanding biosafety control capabilities leading the industry.
In the first half of 2020, the company sold 1,449,000 piglets and 197.8 million piglets, bringing together a total of 197.8 million pig prices, increasing the price of feed raw materials, taking into account the increase in the company's productive biological assets, a significant increase in future corporate engineering pigs, and a steady increase in future production.
The company has significantly increased the number of pigs and capacity-building, with productive biological assets of $7,951 million during the reporting period producing 18 million in operational projects and expected to complete 12 million in the third quarter of the second half of the year. The company is expected to grow significantly in future.
• Low-level costs are created by the ability to control, and the ratio of outsourcing is expected to reduce the cost improvement due to a stable non-pest control, with the company maintaining the full cost of fertility at $13.6/kg in the first half of the year.
Keeping the industry ahead of schedule, while the ratio of home-born pigs to out-buying pigs is about 1:1.8, the ratio of out-sourcing is still higher than it is, the profits are increasing at a higher rate in the quarter - the self-reliance rate, and the overall cost is more affected by the high price of pigs. In the medium and long term, the company will gradually move towards the pig.
The company's first-time coverage report - profits from operating income, two-time highs, and the agricultural and livestock industry's flagships - will continue to fall in total costs and improve profitability.