On 21 April, the company released its annual report for 2020 and its first quarterly report for 2021, with the company operating in 2020.
A total of 2,754 million was recorded, representing an increase of 10.64 per cent in the same year; a net return to the mother was 1,279 million, representing an increase of 352 per cent in the same year; and a net loss to the mother was 1,115 million yuan, representing an increase of 1.8 per cent in the same year and 743 million yuan in the first quarter of 2021, representing an increase of 2.35 per cent in the same year.
The overall performance rate affected by the epidemic slowed down, with robust performance expected in 2021 \triangleright 2020, with corporate revenue of +10.64 per cent, with steady increases in profitability, significant efficiency gains and net returns
In terms of profits + 3.52% of the year. Sub-operation 1: 1) The desktop communications terminal achieved sales revenue of $2.001 billion in 2020, down 1.15% from the same year. More than 90% of the desktop communications terminal revenue comes from overseas and is therefore more affected by the overseas epidemic.
The business grew by 247.92 per cent, reaching $122 million. 2021q1 achieved a net return of $374 million, an increase of 2.31 per cent in the same year, and one-season net profits could increase considerably if the impact of the depreciation of the United States dollar were excluded. Subregionally, 43.75 per cent of the company ' s income came from the Americas, 36.1 per cent from Europe, and the share of revenue changed from last year.
Big. As the global new crown epidemic subsides, overseas phone sales are expected to recover, while the upstream supply chain shortage of 2021q1 is being phased out, negatively affecting product delivery, and corporate performance in 2021 is expected to increase overall by three rates and R & D rates, with a marked improvement in cash flows.
Firms manage their costs carefully, increasing their efficiency. In 2020, sales costs were 5.31%, lower than in the previous year; other competitors in the extension business were cost-intensive, and companies were strictly budgetd to ensure that potential buyers of professional procurement were tailored to the characteristics of the industry, further reducing the cost of sales. In 2020, financial costs were 1.72%, higher than in the same year.
Research assistant: Fu Jin Fei, mainly due to the impact of higher salary costs and higher land amortization costs of subsidiary companies; R & D cost increased by 3.02 pct to 10.74% in 2020 as a result of the company ' s expansion of the cloud office terminal.
R & D, marketing and services of communications end products, all of which are outsourced to independent third parties for production and effectively reduce costs, mainly by authorizing distributors to sell end products, while continuously optimizing product structure, reaching 66.02 per cent M & A in 2020, an increase of 0.02 pt compared to the same increase, representing an increase of 1.11 pt for desktop end-of-service M & C operations;
On the cash flow side, based on data reported annually by companies, net cash flows from corporate operations in 2020 were the same as +3.20 per cent, the overall net cash increase was negative and the cash flow situation improved significantly. The desktop end product “basic plate” was solid, and vcs and cloud office terminal operations would become new growth points in future performance
The company is a research and development-driven, high-quality, light-asset company with strong cash flows, with profits at between 80 and 93 per cent in 2012-2020, with Māori leading ahead of industry averages. On the business side, the company’s desktop end product structure is being optimized, and there is still room for growth. In 2020, the company’s tipphone launched a new t3 series, switching to the original t2 series, and is growing high.
At the same time, the operations have strengthened the competitiveness of low- and medium-level markets. According to a report by frost&sullvan, the market share of the network sip phone operation was 29.5 per cent in 2019, ranked first in the world; the vcs business has a broad focus, conference room scenes, deep binding in international markets with Microsoft, Zoom, etc., and the creation of branding advantages in domestic markets.
In the medium-to-long term, mixed office will create a new normal, increasing demand for cloud office terminals and cloud video services, offering new business opportunities for companies, and vcs and cloud office terminal operations will become new growth points for companies’ future performance.
The pe valuation hub since the company was listed is 37x, which covers the first time and gives companies a “recommended” rating, taking into account the soundness of the company's business development and the long-term characterization resulting from the recovery of the overseas epidemic. The impact of exchange rate fluctuations in the United States dollar; increased competition in the market; and higher prices of raw materials
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, served in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking to be objective, impartial and not influenced by any third party by reasoned judgements and conclusions.