On June 23, the company announced that it was going to work with Mr. Lu Young-fu, the director and deputy director of the company, and others.
Three-way investors in social capital or institutions, together investing abroad to set up an industrial investment fund — the Xiamenon United Ketai Digital Unit, a partnership for technological entrepreneurship investment (limited partnership), with a 30% share in the company and a 70% share in the Ketai capital. Among these, companies have set high-growth targets that reflect confidence in business sustainability and are expected to grow rapidly in 2021.
\triangleright intends to contribute no more than 125 million yuan to the establishment of the Industrial Investment Fund, which is to be registered in Xiamen City and which will raise no more than 500 million yuan.
Actively investing in projects with technological, product, and business innovations in cloud services, cloud technology, big data, artificial intelligence, and smart hardware. This incentive fund is intended to be a medium- and long-term incentive for companies, and will be implemented in five consecutive phases.
The rate is not less than 30% (including this amount) and the incentive fund will be drawn from the net profit increase, i.e., the incentive fund will be drawn from the annual performance target at a rate not to exceed 10% of the net profit increase for the year when it is achieved. The business income growth rate is not less than 30%.
And, while corporate overseas phone sales are expected to recover, the supply chain shortage that prevailed upstream in the first half of 2021 will have an adverse impact on product delivery, with firms expected to grow rapidly in 2021. The desktop end product “basic plate” is strong, and vcs and cloud office operations will become new growth points in future performance.
The company's desktop communications terminal is strong, the base plate is strong, and the Māori rate of the desktop communications terminal operations is sustained over the long term at over 60 per cent, with its main component, Sip, with a market share of 29.5 per cent in 2019, ranking in the world's mid- and low-end markets, while mp56 and t55a teams are introduced to improve high-end line competitiveness, and one is expected to move forward.
The conference product is the core business of the strategic transformation of the company, with a growth rate of over 60% in the last two years and a Māori rate of over 70% in the period 2018-2019. The company develops the conference product business using the cloud-plus model, Research Assistant: Fu Jinxi
In 2020, with the launch of the smart conference room video terminal Meetingeye series and the unified communications platform, eme will provide a room set for the future, be deeply tied to Microsoft, Zoom and others in the international market, build branding advantages, and target suppliers of goods in the domestic market to the vertical sector: more than 70 per cent of the channels for corporate cloud office terminal operations and traditional tip operations will be reused.
The channel is well based. The cloud office product lines have a high technical threshold, but there is a high level of reuse of audio technology with the company on the phone, and it is expected that the time of release will be significantly reduced. The company released the wh6x series of Wireless EarMine 100 million network (300628.sz): 2020.
One generation, the flagship overseas flagship, increased R & D costs by 3 pcts by 10.74 per cent in 2020. Not yet and the first quarter of 2021, reported that the epidemic was not changing. Cloud office terminal operations exceeded the target of 122 million, an increase of 245 per cent in the same year, projected to be held in 2021.
Long-term development logic, which opens up future growth in cloud office operations, will continue to multiply. In the medium- and long-term, hybrid offices will become a new normal, with long space for cloud office terminals and cloud visions.
Increased demand for frequency services creates new business opportunities for companies, and vcs and cloud office terminal operations will become the company's future currency exchange rate fluctuations; increased competition in the market; higher raw materials prices; and data projections for corporate financial statements.
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, served in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking to be objective, impartial and not influenced by any third party by reasoned judgements and conclusions.