Multi-product layouts are breaking out, and year-round performance is expected to improve marginally.
• Growth in performance during the first quarter, with strong overseas demand driving up performance throughout the year, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating of companies. Companies are expected to raise $715-754 million by issuing a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2021, further increasing demand by eliminating exchange rate fluctuations in the United States dollar, higher prices for raw materials and partial supply chains.
The impact of short-term factors, such as the supply of and demand for products and delays in delivery during the first quarter of the company, has had a certain negative impact on the harvest. As market demand recovers, the company actively pursues the nationalization of chips, supply chain shortages are expected to improve gradually, and performance is expected to improve marginally in the second quarter of 2021, or even throughout the year. We maintain that.
*Sip and vcs developed in collaboration to expand the Bluetooth Headphone business, which is expected to perform beyond expectations throughout the year.
The company’s new online metingeyebyod model, where consumers need only one line to switch to other platforms for videoconferencing, upgrade their consumer experience, and further open up the ceiling for corporate performance growth. The company is based on cloud + end, such as at&t, verizon, German telecommunications, French telecommunications, United Kingdom.
Large, high-end clients, such as telecommunications, have set up high-guarded rivers and have also relied on cloud-based platforms to meet their customized needs, with multi-layered client strategies that guarantee corporate performance.
Normalizing day-to-day office in the region and increasing the likelihood that companies will grow more than expected in their overseas operations in 2021, with sufficient room for overall upturn and expected performance.
As expected, high R & D inputs guarantee high-income quality.