Murray Medical (300.760.ch): 3q22 net gain from mother-to-child gain, slightly higher than expected, more recent policy gains to increase the certainty of growth Release, combined with lower or more moderate final prices for biochemical reagent collection for liver, performance over the next two years
Income grew by 22% over the year, and the Māori rate rose by about 1 pcts over the same year. Income growth largely benefited from the continued advancement of new domestic health infrastructure and high-end breakthroughs overseas; income from vd3q22 increased by 23% over the same year, and Māori fell by about 4 pcts over the same year.
The reagent business is fully revived and heavy-pound instruments displaying bright-eyes, with chemical lighting +42% yoy. Māori droprs are hit by domestic outbreaks by higher reagent sales, while Māori ivd instruments with lower rates continue to be installed; medical images are 3q22 with the same income ratio.
Income growth has largely benefited from rapid upswings in the high-end ultrasound and medium-high-end ultrasound-i series, leading to breakthroughs in high-end clients, both within and outside the country. As a result, local hospitals have been distributed, and according to our research, the demand for interest-bearing loans for medical equipment reported across the country is now more than 200 billion, and it is expected that it will eventually be more than 300 billion.
4q22/1h23 was released. Because of the relatively well-equipped and limited space for first-line urban hospitals, interest-rate lending was driven by more demand from low-line cities, with national priorities added to national product cards, and is expected to benefit more from the production of countries with higher prices and more complete production lines.
Swe’s new infrastructure is about 20 billion yuan by the end of 3q22, and the new infrastructure 1-3q22 is expected to open tenders for biochemical reagent collection in 22 provinces in the near future, with reduced or moderate prices. Feedback from the collection has been completed, and we expect the final programme to be ready soon.
The bid was opened in November or early December. In the consultation draft, the firm’s declared price was set to be 20% lower than the validly declared price, and the final price is expected to drop mildly. Murray’s 2021 liver biochemical reagent revenue was only about 1% of the company’s income, and we expect this collection to increase the revenue.
The rapid impact is limited. At present, the Méri biochemistry product is sold at about 13% from level III hospitals, while the national municipality is at about 12%, taking into account the experience of more than 80% growth in Mérèse 1h22 after the collection of chemically luminous reagents, and thanks to the collection, the Méri biochemistry hospital at level III hospitals
Interest loans are expected to boost some of the incremental demand; 2) lower or moderate final prices for hepatochemical collections; and 3) higher valuations are expected to result from increased certainty of growth in terms of policy benefits.
Scavenger attention to the international study of Pui Jin, financial statement analysis and forecasting, Méri Medical, Pui Jin-Il.
The core business section of Murray shows that vital information and support 3q22 income increased by 22% and the Māori rate increased by about 1 pcts the same year.
The new infrastructure of health care in the country and the ongoing advancement of high-end breakthroughs abroad have benefited from a micro-surgery income of around RMB 400 million (about +100% yoy), of which RMB 300 million (about +150% yoy) is generated by hard mirrors.
In vitro diagnosis 3q22 income increased by 23% over the same year, and the Māori rate fell by about 4 pcts over the same year. Income growth benefited from the full recovery of conventional reagent operations overseas and heavy weight instruments (blood cell bc-7500crp, chemistry).
The difference is between 1 - 3q22 chemical luminous luminous lines + 42% yoy, leading to the growth of the ivd plate, blood cells The decline in the Māori rate is due to the negative impact of the domestic epidemic on the relatively high sales of reagents due to the relatively high Māori rate
The installation of the ivd instrument with a relatively low Māori rate continues to accelerate. Medical imagery, 3q22, has increased by 12% over the same period, and Māori rates have remained almost equal.
The top-end ultrasound series and the new medium-high-end ultrasound-i series quickly uptake high-end domestic and foreign customers, Pulse and Yin International, based on 3q22 performance and the recent introduction of interest-bearing loans, 22 provincial hepatochemical reagents.
Multiplier values are 0.5 standard deviations below the average value level (49 x) for the past three years for Méri ' s medical treatment (see figure 8); and 2) there is a certain premium on the multiple values for this target compared to the current value of 2023epe of a medical equipment plate, 33 x, which mainly reflects Méri ' s more defined entitlement as the industry ' s leader.
Growth prospects, stronger R & D capabilities, larger scale effects, and stronger capacity to sail. Spdbi optimistic and pessimistic scenario Pessimistic scenario: corporate revenue growth is not as high as expected
Promising: Corporate income is growing better than expected.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the securities and futures regulations (Chapter 571) in the first category (securities transactions) and the fourth category (discussing securities).
All the information is collected from this report and distributed to anyone. No one may use any of the information in this report for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.