“Medium Special” holdings, esg investment values highlight the steady growth of production and production — depth reports on middle oil capital (000617) Sector: Industry and Company Department
Category of report: Company study. Oil capital in China is a comprehensive financial company under the China-oil group, with a full license plate, as an enterprise with complete capital market qualifications, which has become a diversified, pooled management,
Investment advice, insurance, etc., serves as a single enterprise. It has a number of subsidiaries, with companies holding shares in Klen Bank, China Oil Finance, Kunon Financial Leasing, China Oil Assets, Exclusive Insurance, China Financial Insurance, Life-Purpose, Kunon Insurance Broker, China Bank, China Bank, China Bank.
The company's total operating income in the first three quarters of the year was $28,214 million, an increase of 21.09 per cent, the net profit attributable to the parent company, an increase of $5,266 million, an increase of 5.95 per cent, and the company's industries built a “China character valuation system” that benefited from the construction of the entire sector and the reform of the State enterprise system.
The market continues to build a “China-specific valuation system,” and the company is expected to take the lead in the reform of the “one-way” policy and the new appraisal system. The Bank of Sino-oil Finance and Kunlun contribute fully to construction along the way.
Using its natural geographical advantages, the Bank of Kuala Lumpur has been registered in Xinjiang, following the country’s “one-way” strategy, strongly supports Xinjiang, conducts energy finance cooperation, and continues to accelerate the integration of production, and continues to do business that combines production. In addition, following the reform of the new system, the Bank has opted to replace net profits with Roe.
As state firms reform for the first time, they use roe instead of net profit growth, and in conjunction with their business plans, they are expected to increase their focus on the quality of profit and contribute to the growth of roe.
For the second year in a row, the company publishes the sesg report and continues to apply the concept. The assessment fits with the macro-dimensional dimension of the sesg. First, both focus on the long-term value of the enterprise and on non-traditional financial factors, and second, adhere to the concept of sustainable social development and focus on the performance and contribution of the enterprise in environmental protection, green development, etc.
This has strengthened the importance of domestic capital markets to the concept of investment in esg. In the near future, the company is expected to re-engineer with the recovery of demand in the city, business-reducing efficiency gains, and the development of new projects.
China Oil Capital, a comprehensive financial company under the China Petroleum Group, was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange Board and successfully landed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange after the recapitalization of Jinan Diesel Company Limited.
Based on its vast resources in the fields of energy, oil and petrochemicals, we have diversified financial services, including banking, finance, financial leasing, etc., which are listed in a comprehensive financial business with a more complete financial license plate in the market.
In 2022, the shares of the company were included in the series of Global Stock Indexes when the Fucy Russell flagship index was rich. For five years in a row, the company disclosed a level-a evaluation and became the first company to become a Chinese listed company, the Esg-100 Company, to adhere to its industrial financial position and fully serve the entire chain of oil and gas industry of the China Oil Group.
To make full use of China’s oil and gas industry chain, large client groups and diverse services, to establish regional coordination mechanisms and constantly explore innovative mechanisms to promote the development of integrated marketing.
At the same time, as an integrated financial services firm with multiple financial license plates, the company is committed to providing a “one-stop package” of comprehensive financial services to its clients, contributing to the development of the chain of oil and gas industries in all its aspects. Financial enterprises should increase their sense of win-winness and actively explore the integration of production and synergies.
In the first half of 2023, in the face of a still complex internal and external environment, China’s oil capital and various financial enterprises were able to learn from each other, implement the 20th party’s spirit, adhere to industrial financial positioning, pursue marketing and efficiency gains, and try to capture the capital.
At the end of the period, the total assets of the company reached $1,041.560 billion, an increase of 17.4 per cent over the end of the previous year, total operating income of $18.685 billion, and the company's efforts to build three unique brands of the “Chinese Oil System” “Kullen System” and the Chinese petrochemical collection.
Companies will also continue their efforts to improve risk prevention capabilities with a view to effectively controlling investors and society.
Figure 1: The China Oil Group holds 77.35% of the shares of listed companies Overview of the main operations of Form 2 Holdings Bank of Kunlón, a banking financial institution authorized by the former China Banking Commission, which operates mainly
The financial sector is a non-bank financial institution established with the approval of the People’s Bank of China, mainly in China.
GPG and its constituent units provide financial management and diversified financial services, including deposit absorption, credit operations, settlement operations, funds operations, international operations, inter-mediary operations and investment operations.
The Kunon Financial Lease was the first financial leasing company to be established with the background of a large industry group, with the approval of the former Bank of China.
The oil assets of the Kunon Trust (China Oil Assets) operate primarily through its subsidiary, the Kunlun Trust, and their inherent operations.
His property or property rights trusts, etc.: Inherent business includes equity investment, investment in financial products, self-insurance by the China Petroleum Group, the first self-insurance company to be set up in China by the China Petroleum Group, with the approval of the former China Insurance Council.
Permission may be granted to limit exclusive insurance to the services provided within the China Oil Group and to operate.