The decline in self-employment has led to a significant change in the income structure. The company achieved investment returns (including equity) in 2018, as a result of systemic equity market risks.
The loss of US$262 million in revenues from easy, innovative investments and securities research services has been a major drag on the company’s current profits. As a result of the implementation of the new accounting standards and the fall in the secondary market, the structure of corporate income has changed: brokering, investment, management, net interest earnings, investment returns (including fair value changes) have declined significantly, and the net interest income contribution has been reversed from a negative point of view.
In 2018, market financing at the equity level slowed down compared to previous years, and the issuance of new shares continued from a critical audit basis, ipo, " Self-sustained profit levels, high corporate performance elasticity " , the listing slowed considerably, targeted increases were reduced in size and swaps were reversed.
Each year, the capital market is affected by internal and external factors, with a sudden downward trend. The new regulations and accompanying rules are so intense that they further guide the industry back to its roots and reshape the pattern of competition in the industry of "Slowing Self-Delayed Performance, Lead Revenue Industry." In the face of changing circumstances, the Eastern Censorship has always been proactive in managing the road, with the amount of RMB 2,00,144 million entrusted with asset management in 2018, which is RMB 2,00,144 million.
The size of management was as high as 98.50 per cent, far above the average in the securities management industry, and the E.C.O. was ranked first in the net revenue industry in the management of the assets entrusted to it.
In July 2014, the financial sector began its work.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.