Sino-Sin securities (600030): More blooming flowers, consolidation of industry leader status, mid-2021.
In mid-2021, CCM disclosed business income of $37,721 million during the reporting period, which is the largest equity company in the country.
Financial consultant in relation to transactions, portfolio investment activities; securities underwriting and insurance; securities self-employment; securities asset management; credit instruments; securities investment fund swaps; long-term withdrawals
In a number of business areas, the Sino-Sinse securities have a large number of operations, and the performance of qoq has improved considerably. They benefit from a stable market, making increasingly productive investments, and maintaining or gaining a leading position.
In the centre of the economy, the financing arrangements have been further refined, with single-q2 and net profit ring increases of 30% and 36%, respectively.
The five main players, namely, wealth managers, trading services and liquidity providers, market-critical investors and risk managers, did not generate the fastest net increase of 187 per cent in interest earned on credit operations during the reporting period.
Reconstructing and consolidating core competitiveness. Companies rely on top (69%), investment (49%), brokering (35%), self-investment (-0.3%) as shareholders and Sino-Bank, Sino-Trust Trust, and Shinto Life Insurance.
The only core business line with declining incomes, but benefiting from the second quarter of debt, has been reduced by an integrated business model of medium-trust holdings with companies such as q1 (-31 per cent) and provides a niche for clients in conjunction with the Sino-International Financial Control Unit.
At the operational level, 1. The advantages of a company’s operations during the reporting period were particularly pronounced, particularly in the area of equity underwriting, affected by continued price wars and rising regulatory penalties, and the 2021 market competition pattern had been set up in 2020 as “Sino-Kin, China-King, and construction”.
The situation has shifted to “Sino-Sino-Kin, Hae-Tung, Construction, Taijun An, Hua-Thai Group,” with core indicators such as corporate equity underwriting, bond underwriting, size of financial consultancy business, income, etc. all ranked first in the industry, highlighting the advantages of asset management operations.
13,309,622 million remain the highest in the industry, with 84% active management, with little pressure to complete the transition before the new regulatory transition. The summer fund is managed on a scale of $16,661.4 billion, with head-to-head fund-raising for total equity/flowa (millions of shares)
In terms of wealth management operations, companies have reached 310,000 high net customers with assets of 1.4 trillion yuan.
The revenue from the marketing of financial products during the reporting period was 1,428 million yuan, an increase of 104 per cent over the same period.
From a wind-controlled perspective, in response to market fluctuations and the trend towards the division of equity debt, companies have shrunk significantly from the belief that the current business variability in the securities sector is still limited and that, against the backdrop of the continuing increase in the sector's Matthews, the only moats are expected to persist and widen, and the concentration of resources is most pronounced, leading to the opportunity to obtain higher valuation premiums.
Without a clear short list, and with the ability to expand the base population and achieve efficient flow and business synergies with the power of wealth management, we firmly appreciate the prospect of continued and expanded value premiums. The company ' s net return profits for 2021-2023 are projected to be 203.9 million, 25.619 million, and 27.658 billion, respectively. In terms of past performance and stock price performance, the company ' s combination of Beta attributes and performance growth is certain (as a result of industry).
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the depth of East Hing's securities report.
Four years of banking experience, five years of non-monetary financial research.
Two years of banking experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Silver Finance Bank in 2016: the 9th Crystalball and Silver Finance Industry in 2015, the 10th Crystal and Silver Finance Industry in 2016, the 10th Master of Economics, and East Hing Securities in 2019.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.