The high growth in multi-business activity, the rise in roe, is evident: the Chinese SMS published its semi-annual report in 2021, which generated $37,721 million in revenue in the first half of 2021, the Wang Qing Dynasty
In the first half of the year, there was a rapid growth in corporate brokerage, investment and management, with an overall 56 per cent increase in the same year, and in securities financing and lending, with companies making efficient use of financial technology to optimize wind-control processes, enhance client-management, sustain business size and secure market share.
In the first half of the year, the company rose by 6.52 per cent, up 1.49 percentage points from the previous year, significantly higher than the industry's wealth management scale effect, and led the financial product sales and holdings industry.
\triangleright continues to deepen wealth management development, with the number of globalized, multilayered, all-asset wealth management products more than 10,000) growing by 11 per cent and 15 to 140,000 households and 31,000 households, respectively, over the same period.
Aum 3.1 trillion yuan, an increase of 15 per cent over the same period; the amount of substitute financial products, $4.356 billion, public fund-raising, $11.84 billion, ranked first among the partners, and the company earned 3.27 per cent of its financial products in the first half of the year. Companies have always maintained high levels of scientific and technological input, and have built and optimized with digital marketing platforms.
Further improvements are expected in the efficiency of the company ' s stay-at-home presence; in the context of the rapid growth of resident investable assets, advantages, accelerated management of capital and wealth, the company continues to improve its asset allocation capacity, integrated financial services capacity, and the legacy of wealth management.
In the 2020 edition of the report, " Accelerating the Growth of the Scale " , the impact of which will gradually expand, the revenue from wealth management will grow at a high rate, and the income structure will be further optimized.
2020h1 rating: "Investment-driven performance, proactive management capacity to boost bond management revenue, net profit contribution from the summer fund to increase, combined strength to continue to take the lead."
40%. During the reporting period, the net revenue from corporate management amounted to $5,572 million, or +69.2% of the year, and the revenue from the management of middle-income securities was $1,782 million, or +101.20% of the year. In the area of securities management, companies continue to enrich the product system by pursuing a “institutional-based, retail-based” customer development strategy.
The same scale of active management increased by 36 per cent to 1.17 trillion, the pre-regime growth of proactive management of the ratio, the strengthening of strategic direction investments by the summer fund, the strengthening of long-term track layouts, the investment industry, the Novota Securities Company, Inc.
At the end of the month, the Washington Foundation ran $16,661.4 billion, an increase of 28.7 per cent.
The Fund is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, with a net profit of $1.049 billion from the management of the summer fund, 80.436 billion, or 42 per cent, and the Division is expected to achieve a net income of $3.307 billion, or +48.90 per cent, from operating fees.
This is higher than the industry average of 21%. During the reporting period, companies strengthened project-wide quality control and risk control. In a highly regulated market environment in the ipo market, the combined competitive advantage of investing was highlighted, and stock-stock-taking markets were in absolute leadership positions in the industry.
In-house companies complete 92 shares of a major underwriters, with $142,299 million in principals, which is the first of their peers in the same year. The full registration system is advancing steadily, and the return of the central stock to Hong Kong is expected to contribute significantly to the industry’s growth in performance, the industry’s leading research and pricing capacity, project quality control and wind.
The combined advantages of risk control capacity, distribution capacity and capital strength are evident: as of 19 August 2021, the company ' s ipo project reserve was 85, the number of reserve projects was the highest in the industry, and the year-round portfolio was expected to be innovative.
The company's August 16 announcement revised the stock distribution plan to raise a total amount not to exceed $28 billion, with a clear focus on the specifics of “increasing inputs to subsidiaries” in the fund-raising plan, which is not to exceed $5 billion.
Equity funds are invested in middle credit management and medium-letter futures, reflecting the firm’s high interest in capital management and derivatives. The company is one of only eight off-the-shelf traders, with a pre-emptive advantage; at the same time, the public sector has a strong capital strength and risk-pricing capacity, and a larger portfolio of investment will boost the company’s derivatives.
The scale of the product business has increased, and the company’s roe is expected to continue to grow as derivatives expand. Investment advice: the firm is strong and fully benefits from capital market reforms, many business lines lead, capital strength, risk pricing capacity, business synergy, etc.
High-level Roa operations, such as wealth management, investment, derivatives, are expected to continue to grow at a high rate, followed by continued growth, recommending attention. And expected; low self-performance due to large capital market volatility; and non-release of company shareholdings.
Figure 6: 1:1h21 Proactive management and upgrading of the stock of securities. Wang Ji Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated from International Finance in Business, University of Duren, United Kingdom. He has served as Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry, General Manager of the Yonghai Leasing Business, and was a member of the Sino-China Portfolio Portfolio and the Chinese Censorship. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, he was responsible for non-banking financial research.
Judinin, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, worked in Taiwan's Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Wang Jing, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, Boston University, United States, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 for research in the non-banking financial sector
Sun Siu, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Science in Economics, University of Hong Kong, University of Hong Kong, April 2021, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre for small and medium-market equity studies. Win Ribang, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Gangan, formerly worked in the Pacific Life Insurance Company Ltd., and joined the Sindha Securities Research Institute in May 2021
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-approved securities investment consulting business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.