Researchchand developmentcenter, a high-profit hub port with deep integration of value
Qingdao Harbour (601298), Qingdao Harbour (601298.sh), Qingdao Harbour, Qingdao High Profiting Hub, Qingdao Harbour.
The Qingdao Port operates the five main Qingdao Ports, which are divided into containers, liquid bulk, dry bulk, logistics, and port value-added services, with containers, liquid bulk plates contributing more than 70% of their performance. As Shandong Ports are integrated into the further business integration phase, with Qingdao Port at its core, the company has
Qingdao Port: China’s second largest foreign trade port, port integration continues to feature prominently. triangleright,
The owner of Qingdao Harbour (Singdao Harbour) is the Qingdao Group, the indirect owner is the Shandong Province Port Group, and the owner is the Shandong Province State Finance Committee. The company operates and manages the five main Qingdao port areas, the handling of containers, metal ore, coal, crude oil, etc., and ancillary services.
In 2022, containers, dry bulk, liquid bulk, logistics and value-added plates contributed 25.48%, 7.54%, Qingdao ports: the hub port is prominent and continues to benefit from port integration.
In 2022, port-wide cargo was ranked fourth in the world and fifth in the world in container throughput, leading the world by the same speed as in the top 10 ports in the world in container throughput.
Proportion of share in circulationa (%) Listed majors: steady growth in performance + continuing dividends, with significant investment value. In 2022, companies actually inflated 627 million tons of goods, leading the country by cagr between 2019 and 2022
Sea port level of 3.5 pct; standard container throughput of 2,682,000 boxes, with capr leading the country's main coastal port level of 4.3 pct in 2019-2022.
This has led to overcapacity in the industry, increased competition in the port community, and the erosion of overall efficiency has led to a trend towards integration in the industry.
Business profitability has recovered. With the development of the nation's “one province” port, the Shandong province port,
At this stage, the integration of Shandong Province Ports has entered a phase of deep operational integration centred on Qingdao Ports. Qingdao Harbour is the leader of Shandong Coast Ports, and is geographically superior.
The network is well developed, and we believe that the Qingdao Port has a dominant role in the programming of the various types of cargo at Shandong coastal ports. As port operations are consolidated, the operational plates are expected to be subject to container blocks: at this stage, the Qingdao Port is contributing to Shandong coastal ports.
The proportion of container throughput has stabilized at around 70%, while the rate of container throughput in Qingdao port lags behind other coastal ports in the province. In 2019-2022, the amount of container throughput in Qingdao port was 6.91%, down from the provincial level of 0.76 pct.
Deep integration is expected to benefit from increased container throughput at the feeder ports of Qingdao Harbour, Sunshine Harbour and Waihai. Liquid bulk and dry bulk plates: ports of crude oil, iron ore, coal, etc., in Shandong Harbour
In the oral layout, there is a certain degree of overlap between Qingdao and Sunshine Harbour, making it difficult to directly avoid competition between colleagues.
Container plate: The hinterland industry ensures resilience, and transits to the expanses of the Pusan. The company container board \triangleright has 47.37% and 51.77% of the total profits of the plate, respectively.
The plate performance has been steadily increasing, with advantages such as first, and the intensity of international routes. According to company announcements, the container throughput in 2023 was set at 10.9% of cagr. The container throughput can be divided into local boxes depending on the nature of the handling operations: absorbing the inland industrial dividend, maintaining resilience in the context of weak external requirements.
The main sources of demand for loading and unloading are in the five provinces of Shandong, Jiangsu, Hebei, Shanxi and Henan. The five provinces have substantial industrial and export resources, with the combined secondary industry gdp and above-scale industrial products stable at over 30%.
Compared to the same hub ports as the upper ports of Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Qingdao, where container throughput is sustained, we believe that the bulk of the benefits are from a more risk-resilient structure. Transit boxes: with the advantage of the business environment, it is possible to expand the volume.
In the international zone, the container hub adjacent to Qingdao is mainly the port of Haute-Habang and Busan, where the share of trans-shipment is stable at more than 50%, while at the same time Qingdao port, thanks to its business environment, Qingdao port
With the highest rating for the 2022 container terminal environmental survey issued by the China Customs Association, which was the first to be awarded, we believe that there is room for expansion of the container through the Qingdao port. Liquid bulk plates: improved performance benefits from port integration and expansion.
The performance of the plate was largely due to a combination of operating profits and the return on investment in Sumishima, which accounted for 86.97 per cent and 12.23 per cent of the total profits in 2022. The plate was based on crude oil, with well-developed pipelines in the interior, benefiting highly from refineries in Shandong, Jiangsu, etc.
Of this, the share of Shandong crude oil imports in the country remained at 16 to 20%, and the level of capr exceeded the national level of 7.35 pct in 2011 to 2021; the share of Shandong crude oil consumption in the country remained above 20%, and the level of capr exceeded the national level of 4.73 pct in 2011 to 2021.
Improved performance benefits from port integration: corporate liquid bulk throughput reached as high as 12.0% per year in 2022, and we believe that the main benefit is port consolidation. The additional smelting capacity boosts the potential for scale expansion: Shandong Province’s major engineering stubble.
The project aims to start production in 2024, with the prospect of generating demand, and the plan of the Department to acquire liquid bulk-related assets from the Sunshine Harbour Group and Smoky Harbour Group is expected to advance smoothly, and we expect a significant expansion in the size of the company ' s liquid bulk plate.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Qingdao Hong Kong performed robustly, with company \triangleright estimated 2023~2025 \triangleright, with a steady lead in the stacking of roe, dividends, company bottom layout value, cover for the first time
Stock price catalyst: port integration drives ahead of expectations; cargo throughput exceeds expectations; container throughput \triangleright risk factors: port integration advances below expectations; container throughputs below expectations; liquid bulk
The Qingdao Port operates the five main Qingdao Ports, which are divided into containers, liquid bulk, dry bulk, logistics, and port value-added uniforms, with containers and liquid bulk plates contributing more than 70% of their performance. With the integration of Shandong Province Ports into an in-depth business integration phase centred on the Qingdao Port, the company is expected to take full advantage of its resources and continue to build on its leadership in the industry.
Qingdao Port: China’s second-largest foreign trade port, port integration continues to feature prominently. Qingdao International Co. Ltd. (Qingdao Harbour 601298.sh) operates and manages the former Qingdao Bay Port and the Yellow Island Oil Port.
At the end of the first half of 2023, the company operated 108 berths, including the former Gulf, the Yellow Island oil, the Dongjia and the Grand Sea ports.
In 2013, the Qingdao International Stock Company was founded, with the company holding shareholders in the Qingdao Corporation and the indirect shareholders in Shandong.
The company’s controlling shareholder, Qingdao, was formerly from Qingdao City.