There was a significant increase in revenue, and the results of Platform + Tracks became apparent - the annual report of the Science and Technology News Flying (002230), which was 40,72 per cent more than the previous year.
Significant growth in revenue and rapid expansion of company size: 63.97 per cent of corporate income in 2017, with income amounted to 25.54 per cent of the main business sectors' education products and services, 1.390 billion yuan, 52.61 per cent of the growth, and revenue in the political and legal spheres amounted to 52.61 per cent of the increase.
A number of transactions have resulted in uncontrollable mergers, with a revalued return of 117 million investment earnings in 2016 and a 66.76 per cent reduction in corporate investment returns in the current year. Despite a decline in corporate net profits, net profits have increased by 40.72 per cent over the same period, showing a higher growth trend.
A robust growth phase. The company’s rapid expansion of talent over the last three years has provided talent security for the company’s platform plus track strategy, and with the growth of the track and the maturity of the platform, corporate profits are expected to rise.
The Platform + Track strategy has achieved significant results: on the platform, the open platform provides users with the ability to develop and service smart voice and artificial intelligence. In 2017, the platform accumulated 518,000 developers (102 per cent over the same period), bringing the total number of applications to 400,000 (88 per cent over the same period), with annual growth.
The company has made initial progress in the use of artificial intelligence in all the major trades such as education, justice, medicine, smart cities, etc.
The company continues to take the lead in the area of niches. In 2017, businesses in the areas of political law, automobiles, smart cities, smart hardware, etc., increased their income by more than 100%.
The company has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Supreme Prosecutor, the Supreme Law and the provincial and municipal public security organs.
Core competitiveness leads: companies have the world’s best technology in artificial intelligence, especially voice. Companies build a new generation of artificial intelligence open innovation platforms in the first generation of countries.
The company’s R & D revenue is more than 20% of its annual income, and is based on company products.
Increased competition in broken down industries; less than expected diffusion of artificial intelligence products; lack of policy environment support