Large inputs continue with low short-term performance.
63.25 per cent increase; net return of $81.99 million, or 10.83 per cent increase over the same period; sustained rapid growth in revenue collection, but lower than expected, resulting from increased inputs to maintain high growth in corporate operating income during the quarter, education, justice, smart cities, consumers, etc.
However, the profits have not kept pace with the growth in revenue, of which $6.012 million comes from government subsidies, and the net profits have fallen sharply on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to the company’s continued increase in R & D and market layout.
The number of company employees increased by 3,000 over the year, resulting in 92.66 per cent and 55.84 per cent increases in sales and management costs, respectively, and 23.1 per cent increases in sales costs, or 3.6 percentage points over the same period. As 70 per cent of revenue is received from end-B, the company ' s operating income is marked by significant seasonality.
Counting and confirming the concentration in the second half of the year, the share of revenue and net profit in the second half of 2017 was 61% and 75% of the year, so the performance of the quarter does not represent a year-round orientation.
The company continues to increase its investment in research and development, reaching international leadership in the fields of perception, cognitive intelligence and the combination of sensory intelligence and cognitive intelligence with cognitive intelligence depth. In 2017, the company won seven international first positions in a number of areas, including speech, graphics, intellectual reasoning, reading understanding, and continues to be nuclear.
In 2017, the Ministry of Science and Technology officially approved the first cognitive intelligence country to host a laboratory, and the Chinese Academy set up the Chinese Academy for Research and Research in Artificial Intelligent Sciences.
Helping companies to integrate resources in source technology research, the future core source technology of companies will remain fully empowered and the size of the open platform will continue to grow at a high rate by the end of the quarter, and the number of users of the open platform will continue to grow rapidly, with third-party partners.
In November 2017, the Ministry of Technology announced a list of the first new generation of artificial intelligence open innovation platforms, making it clear that the Huaann securities tmt research team was built on the Internet.
Creates a new generation of artificial intelligence open innovation platforms. The company continues to maintain its data code in the area of artificial intelligence.
S001051180001 Break-through on commercial exploration on the platform, with a significant increase in the accuracy of advertising, with revenue from big data advertising during the last three seasons increasing by 241 percent over the same period.
□ Smart education is getting better, and the advantages of intergenerationalism are highlighting the fact that the two-wheel drive of education operations, the commercialization of the network of intellectuals are being piloted in nearly 1,500 schools, the repurchase rate continues to rise, and the scale of the network's income will continue to grow in the future as the effect of the famous school becomes more yawning.
The company ' s education business has formed a complete closed circle of tog (intellectuals, regional educational cloud platforms), tob (intelligent course products) and toc (intellectual networks), and high barriers to technology and access have created a significant altruistic advantage for the company ' s education products and its similar products.
A billion-grade education market, with a strong moat advantage, will ensure faster growth in the scale and profitability of education operations. Wisdom law is a prelude to industry, and business continues to be on track to be expected in politics, companies top down, war with the Ministry of Public Security, the Supreme Court of Justice, the Supreme Court of Justice, and the Supreme Court of Justice.
In the area of public security, the police super-brain solution has been piloted in a number of provinces and municipalities, and strategic cooperation agreements have been signed with public security organs at the provincial and municipal levels; in the area of courts, the construction of corporate intelligence courts has been covered.
31 provinces, 1,500 courts, the Shanghai 206 project launched in early 2017 by the United Shanghai High Court, the first Chinese system of intellectual accompaniment in industrial and intellectual criminal cases, which, when completed, will serve as a model effect; in the area of prosecution, the Supreme Prosecutor published in July the "Construction of Smart Clouds Platforms for the National Prosecution Authority " .
We believe that the artificial intelligence vent is emerging and that the company is at a critical stage of platform accumulation and track position, so that the market should focus more on the current harvest and the high growth of Maori than on profit.
We look forward to the focus, accumulation, and transformation in the 'i' field. Maintain the “buy-in” rating, with the goal of using as a standard the increase or decline in the securities (or industry index) relative to the depth 300 index within 12 months of the date of this report, defined as follows:
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.