The platform's course has gone up and down, and it's all over the country, and it's a non-recurring gain and loss from the company's acquisition of everything in the year; it's a net profit of $359 million.
Growth over the same period was 40.72% □ a rapid increase in revenue, with a steady increase in the Māori rate and a significant 64% increase in corporate operating income in 2017, with a significantly higher rate of growth in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year.
In terms of collection structures, platforms and applications are flourishing and open platforms (5.59%) are rising, with a significant increase in the Māori rate in education and a higher number of Māori in advertising.
▪ Marketing costs and R & D inputs remain high. With $5.4 billion in revenue and nearly $2.8 billion in M & D in 2017, net profits were only $435 million, with a net profit rate of 8.8 per cent, mainly because companies still invest more in pipeline construction and R & D.
Large. In 2017, the company built large-scale distribution channels, sales costs were $11.11 billion, same-year growth. After three consecutive years of construction, the company's distribution points nationwide were almost finished, the mass expansion of its personnel was nearing completion, and the company's sales costs and the growth of its research and development investment would be protected in 2018.
It's stable, and it's going to make more room for profit growth. □ai source technology keeps the world in the lead.
The company continues to increase its investment in research and development, reaching international leadership in the areas of perception intelligence, cognitive intelligence, and the combination of perception intelligence and recognition of Yang Xiaoyu's intelligence depth.
In a number of areas, such as intellectual reasoning and reading understanding, seven international leaders continue to be in the forefront of nuclear technology worldwide. Among them, for the first time in the history of an artificial intelligence assistant human being, he passed the Clinical Doctor's Professional Qualifications Examination. In 2017, the Ministry of Science and Technology officially approved the first cognitive intelligence country to take the lead.
Point labs are on the air, the Chinese Academy has set up the Chinese Academy of Artificial Intelligent Productions Research Union around the news, helping companies to integrate resources in their research on source technology, and future core technology will continue to be fully equipped with an open platform with high growth in scale.
At the end of 2017, the OSS covered more than 60 per cent of the country ' s team of ai developers, with partners amounting to 518,000, an increase of 102 per cent over the same period; the total number of applications amounted to 400,000, an increase of 88 per cent over the same period; and the Platform ' s first new generation of artificial intelligence open innovation platform lists, clearly building a new generation based on the Toco major.
Artificial intelligence open innovation platforms. Companies continue to have an advantage in the size of their data in the area of artificial intelligence, and an artificial intelligence biosphere has been formed, with science major flying at its core.
Data advertising revenue grew 241% over the year. Smart education is gaining ground, and the intergenerational advantage is gradually highlighting the contribution of education business to $1.39 billion (25.5%) in 2017, an increase of 52.5% in the same year;
The network's commercialization was piloted in nearly 1,500 schools, with a continuous increase in the repurchase rate and a contribution of nearly 100 million yuan a year, with a marked increase in the second half of the year.
Entering into commercial operations, contributing nearly 100 million yuan a year, and growing significantly in the second half of the year, the size of the IWN’s revenue will be significantly larger in the future as the effects of the famous schools become more yawning. The company’s education business has evolved into togs (intellectuals, regional educational cloud platforms), tob (intellectuals) and toc.
The complete closure of the network, the high barriers to technology and access, have created a significant intergenerational advantage between the company ' s educational products and its similar products, and the strong conservation advantage of the river will ensure that the scale and profitability of the education business accelerates growth in the face of the billion-grade education market.
In 2017, revenues from corporate law operations amounted to $557 million, representing a significant increase of 112 per cent over the previous year; the Māori Authority, in strategic cooperation with the Ministry of Public Security, the Supreme Prosecutor ' s Office and the Supreme Court, formed a joint laboratory and specialized agency.
In the area of public security, the police super-brain solution has been piloted in a number of provinces and cities and a strategic cooperation agreement has been signed with several provincial and municipal public security organs; the Shanghai High Court launched the Shanghai 206 project at the beginning of the year, the first personal industrial intelligence criminal case in China.
In the area of prosecution, the Supreme Prosecutor issued the National Programme of Guidance for the Construction of the Smart Clouds Platform, which will be launched at the National Prosecution Service, with the use of smart voice technology, with a clear lead in this area.
The Division is at a critical stage of platform accumulation, track position, and therefore the market should focus more on the current harvest and the high growth of Maori than on profits. We look forward to the focus, accumulation, and transformation in the area of the Ia. The company’s long-term performance trap has been formed, and the races will accelerate, and high growth is worth it.
In the 12-month period from the date of this report, the equity (or industry index) is defined as follows: No rating - it is not possible to obtain the necessary information, or the company is faced with a significant uncertainty of unpredictable results, or for other reasons it is not possible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300.
The information and comments in this report are provided for information purposes only. The information and comments in the report are provided for information purposes.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.