1. The business and product life cycle of Ocean River Enterprises can be divided into three phases: (a) phase I: high-speed long-term product growth in the 10-year gold context, 2003-2012; (b) phase II: short-term redevelopment in 2013-2018; and (c) step III: high-speed boats re-showing from 2019 to the present. In July 2019, Liu Xianxian was the party secretary and director of the Soo Liquor Group Trading Associates (SC) Ltd., who fully initiated sales restructuring and promoted organizational separation and marketing reform;
In November 2020, the Blue Crystal version of the dream was listed; in February 2021, Jang, Chairman of the United East Rivers Company Ltd., became fully responsible for sales, equity incentives landed, and the ocean river entered the business cycle driven by a new personnel cycle plus a product life cycle. We believe that the new growth cycle of companies is centred on innovative self-revolutionary mechanisms such as products, organization, marketing, etc.
It is expected to remain solid, benefiting from deep de-stocking, the healthy blue channel of the sea, which is expected to maintain the stability of centile products in the value chain through product conversion channels; 3) marketing reforms have deepened, and digitalization operations have strengthened the business cycle. The ocean river is digitizing f2b2c through a one-size-fits-all plus small-scale process, with channels and consumer-link-scanning rates exceeding 80%, creating long-term balance between supply and demand by matching actual consumer demand with supply-side shipments, with company-channel inventories steadily down for the last two years, and helping to increase the life cycle of the product, thereby strengthening the business life cycle.
Investment recommendations: maintenance of a “recommended” rating: companies have almost completed a wide range of product, organizational, marketing and other reforms, reform dividends are on the way to release, new directors are on their way to full distribution of sales, equity incentives are promoted, companies are helped to start a new life cycle + production Reshaping shares: product life cycle dominates the business cycle Dream blue aid structure upgrades, digital marketing enhances the business cycle
Since the roll-out of the blue classic, the river has been through Yangtze, Zhang Yubai, Wang Yiu, Zhang Dong-hoon, as Chairman of the Board of Directors, and has introduced the “1+1” deep distribution model on marketing and implemented the “consumers”
Marketing innovations, such as the “Cutting Up” model, incentivizing the company's successful listing in 2009 and the deep binding of its interests with employees, distributors and so on through stockholdings, increased from about $400 million in 2004 to $21 billion in 2020.
Since July 2019, General Liu has taken over the marketing, resulting in the upgrading of m6,m3
Incentives were improved through the redeployment of staff, with the introduction of an employee holding scheme in mid-2021, with an operating target of 15 per cent growth in revenue for 21 and 22 years, with more than 5,000 employees benefiting.
The product life cycle dominates the ocean’s river cycle. Looking back at the ocean’s past business cycle and product life cycle, we can divide it into three phases: 1) First tier: 2003-2012, high speed and long-term product in the context of the Golden Decade;
Phase III: 2019 to date, re-drawn the sails of the slow-down boats. Phase I: 2003-2012, high-speed and long-term products in the context of the 10-year gold decade, 2003-2012, and 57% compound growth in the riverine camps in the context of the 10-year white wine decade.
2003-2007: In 2003, the Blue Book of the Ocean River was put on the market, shaping the “man's love” brand image, different from the flavour-to-favorite taste of soft white wine, where the blue price of the sea competed by $138 and caught the price gap between the cellars of 100 won and the food spring of 158 yuan; the blue price of the sky was $258, which became the backbone of the link between high-end gifts and the middle-level mainstream. The benefits were from the fast growth of the 100-dollar price belt in the white wine industry between 2003 and 2007 and the rapid growth of the blue balance of the ocean.
_ 2008-2012: Increased consumption of white wine commercials as a result of investment of “4 trillion billion” and the company ' s rapid structural upgrading through the blue sky and the blue of dreams to replace the blue of the sea. In 2009, the blue of the 5a level was transformed into m3, m6 and m9, with the strategic pre-positioning of the sub-highest prices, the blue of the provincial extension, the blue of the provincial extension, and the gradual succession of the sky and dreams into the second-largest growth pole of the company ' s performance. First phase: 2003-2012, the high pace and long-term growth of products in the context of the golden decade.
In 2003, when the Blue Book of the Ocean River was on the market, the world was still in a regional liquor company based in North Subei, with five grains in Jiangsu province.
Spring and mouth cellars lead the hundred-dollar price, and the old Xiangzhou Trek brands lead the way, and the pattern lags behind. So, in the regional layout, in 2004, the company created a certain consumption climate along the river's 8th city.
The price was diverted into Nanjing market, which led to the introduction of radiation in Jiangsu province, leading to sales in Jiangsu province.
In 2011, all local markets in the company ' s provincial markets sold more than 100 million yuan; out of 34 provincial markets in the country, 22 provincial markets sold more than 700 million yuan a year.
In 2012-2014, under the influence of the "8 Regulations" the White Wine industry entered a period of adjustment, with a fall in the roof price ceiling, a fall in the dream blue, a steady stabilization of the sky blue, and an upturn in the sea blue. In 2014, the ocean rivers introduced micromolecular wine, creating a "low-degree high taste of wine," but the demand became complex and the micromolecular wine did not create a consumption climate.
From 2015 to 2018: Maurto’s recovery price ceiling opened, sub-high-end prices grew rapidly, the sea’s blue, the sky’s blues grew smoothly, the dream blues grew, and the company’s product structure moved rapidly up. Organized, in 2014, companies dismantled sector marketing centres throughout the country, set up sophisticated marketing operations and support systems, reduced middle-levels, flattening channels, enhanced market functions, and more rapid management and responsiveness to market demand.
In 2013, the company moved from the “Customs” mode of 2.0 (which is at the heart of the government delegation) to the “Customs” model (which is at the heart of the business consortium, with the community as its vehicle); In 2015, in order to open up out-of-provincial markets, the company further proposed a “522 polarization project” to create a consumer climate.
Between 2019 and 2020, the economy was characterized by a high-growth industry, a steady upturn in the white world, a structural growth in the industry, an upturn in consumption that led to a rise in high-end, sub-high-end, and weak growth in the centennial medium. But in the process, there was a decline in the ocean’s harvest; we believe that the decline in the ocean’s harvests was backed by an ageing of products, tissues, models, incentives, and a characterization: corporate systems are ageing at a rate of 200 billion “big ships” – requiring systematic adjustment under great inertia.
Phase III: 2019 to date, re-drawn the sails of the slow-down big ships The solution of the ageing marketing system: one-stop shops, multi-market liners, transfer of costs to consumers. Used to be a factory-led system, the terminal points were directly controlled by the manufacturer; adjusted to form the manufacturer Integration, with the principle of division of labour based on resources and capabilities, determining who will dominate it according to the resources and capabilities of distributors and manufacturers, if the regional market distributors have sufficient resources and capabilities
...the power is dominated by distributors, which cooperate with the company; if the dealer has the financial power but does not have the resources to do so, the company takes the lead “player”; if the dealer system moves from “multi-business” to “one-business-based, multi-trade-based” systems, the cost-investment system is re-established in two main directions: 1) adjustment of the proportion and intensity of inputs and reduction of absolute inputs to a consumer-oriented approach; 2) adjustment of the cost of input into the subject type, with different product design costs.
Phase III: 2019 to date, the slow-down big ship revels sails, the old solution of the organizational system: the marketing company structure is fine and has been branded since 21 years. But with the dream blue ratio rising, the sea, sky, and dream sales have not been separated. Previously, based on dream blue sales, a percentage factor was added to the total volume, and the sales team attached more importance to the dream blue than to the development of the sea. In late 2019, the company promoted organizational separation.
In 2021, the two ditches and the wine sales system became independent and separate from the wine sales company, operating in full separate branding and promoting a dual branding strategy for the ocean river plus two. In November 21, the company convened a meeting of cadres to restructure key leaders in the Anse, Shanghai, Heilongjiang, and Kawanaka regions, and to promote the rejuvenation of the cadres, which helped to stimulate the dynamism of the marketing team.
Third stage: 2019-present, re-drawn the sails, and since 2020, a new product life cycle has dominated a new business cycle. In July 2019, Liu Xianxian was the party secretary of the Su Liquor Group Trading Co. Ltd. (Sales Co.), Chairman of the Board of Directors, full-fledged sales restructuring, M6+ November 2019 and the Blue Crystal version of the dream of November 2020, and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Jan Rivers Co. Ltd. Zhang, February 2021
Long, full distribution of sales began in June, when the river opened a business cycle driven by a new life cycle of people and products. m6+ 700+, fully benefiting from a steady increase in profits from Jiangsu ' s consumption uplifting dividend, m6+ and channel.
Formerly around $620, the distributioner ' s Māori ratio (channel profits) has risen from about 4-7% to more than 10% at present, and channel profits have steadily increased, leading to an increase in channel thrust. On the other hand, M6+ Province, with its 600-7000-thousand-high-level challenge price, with no direct competitor, is expected to benefit fully from rising consumption in the province and will continue to grow rapidly.
Based on the fact that there is no direct competitor in the province, M6+ is expected to fully benefit from Jiangsu ' s consumption escalation dividend, which is expected to continue to grow faster; the mainstream market price belt in the outlying regions has not been upgraded to 600-800 (higher M6+ pricing 700+), relying on a short-term increase in sinks, opening up the capacity ceiling of sub-high challenge prices in the medium term on Top Five.
In November 2020, the company launched the blue crystal version of the m3-for-upgrading product, with a larger increase in the design price plate, the initial spring 2021 market, with slower acceptance and speed of the price plate, the benefits of progressive market liberalization, a steady increase in the profits of the crystal-dream tray and channel, and the current profits of the crystal-dry-for-trade plate and channel are equal to those of the nation.
The price of 400-600 is growing faster, and the crystal dream is expected to hold the next-high core. The current price of $400-600 is full of flowers, in addition to traditional fragrance brands, with the quick participation of soy sauce brands, the transformation of sky blues and the steady upturning of the table.
In August 2021, a new edition was launched, the price of the upgraded product was raised by about $20, the overall profit was slightly increased, the title of the new product was quickly taken up, and the new edition is expected to take over 300 high-end prices from within and outside the province. A large single item, accounting for about 35% of the market share; the blue of the sky was subject to factors such as the ageing of the product’s life cycle over the past three years, and the market share fell from about 20% to about 9%, and the price was achieved on the basis of the sky’s blue.
The current 300-400-dollar price belt is relatively competitive (the nationalization of wine is faster and the soy sauce is fast-tracked) and the base for sale is relatively high, so it is expected that the product will be replaced by the product, the digital marketing model will be imported, the data on the various links of the channel will be communicated, and flexible matching of the supply side with the demand side has been achieved.
Distributors, smoke hotels) access databases, demand-side and channel-end data, have achieved real consumer demand to match supply-side shipments, create long-term tight balance between supply-side and demand-side markets, replace products with vehicles, import digital marketing models, and digital marketing models have been at the core. In July 2019, following the arrival of the management of the new marketing system, represented by Liu Xianxing, the company launched a round of personnel changes.
In November 2019, the company introduced m6-upgrading product m6+, with a logical positioning of 700-800 yuan in price bands for “additional, boost, price increases” . After a year of operation, m6+ fully benefits from the general trend of rising consumption, completing a complete substitution for old m6 and showing a price rise. We believe that the ocean: River is expected to open a new product life cycle with new products represented by m6-plus, and importing digital marketing models with new products as a vehicle, supported by: “Extension of m6-plus representation.
We've discussed the control system already in place, but the traditional control system is hard to reach, because it's hard to understand the real demand in the market, the speed of delivery is hard to control, and the traditional “scramble-up” model of spending, which eventually leads to “twisting” and “twisting-out”.
See the core contradiction in the distribution of control boards: 1) knowledge of actual consumer demand in order to match supply end-of-side shipments to form a long-term tight balance between supply and demand; 2) redistribution of profit systems through channels, and consolidation of dealer and end-of-end motivation.
We believe that the entirely new “digitalized system” of the ocean has largely resolved the two core contradictions mentioned above; 1) digitalized scavenging capture of actual consumer opener data, and channel inventory data solves the problem of “disposal”; 2) channel scavenging is back-to-back, and channel profit systems distribute solve the problem of “viability”.
The reform dividend continues to be realized by maintaining the “recommended” rating — the company has largely completed a wide range of reforms in products, organization, marketing, etc., the reform dividend is awaiting release, the new chairman is now in place to fully manage the distribution, promote equity incentives and help the company to open up 1) the growth space for higher-end price demand over the expected impact of economic volatility, crowding out the dream series, etc.: the demand scene is due to 300-800-high-end price scenarios
Business hospitality, receptions, visits, etc., if macroeconomic volatility increases or negatively affects business-to-business transactions, affecting the demand for business hospitality segmentation. The company’s core incremental product dream series has a price belt of $500-800, or is subject to macroeconomic fluctuations 2) leads to less-than-anticipated marketing of dominant products, such as increased competition in core markets within or outside the province: the company’s core market is based on Jiangsu and the province’s outlying rivers.
South, Shandong, etc., if companies in Jiangsu Province competed more with the main competition series, extra-provincial companies competed with other branded products of the same price, or the Department dominated the marketing of the product less than expected, thereby affecting product price boards and sales performance; 3) The impact of the epidemic continues to be over-expected: the control measures imposed by the epidemic can easily affect the main consumption grounds for white wine, represented by the banquets, visits to gifts, etc.
If the impact of the epidemic continues to outpace expectations, companies will sell or be affected by demand. Researchers argue that the findings are not subject to any third-party approval or influence, and researchers will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.