New energy technologies and hands-on models for building a new model.
Keywords: #New Products, New Technologies, New Clients  Integrated Automobile Manufacturing Enterprises, with stable equity structures.
Structural stability, with the East Wind Motors Group deepening its strategic collaboration in 2020 to build “a coalition” alliances. The number of new energy vehicles sold to the beneficiaries has continued to rise, and corporate revenues have returned to high growth.
In the first three quarters of 2022, 91,000 new energy vehicles were sold, and the financial situation of help companies improved. The company was strong in research and development, with a strong reserve of new energy technologies.
To take full advantage of the geographical advantages of international and domestic innovation centres, the integration of advanced technological resources has resulted in the development of systematic research and development capabilities.
The company has great experience in car manufacturing, and it has excellent manufacturing skills. It has a pure electric motor vehicle production qualification, and asks if the brand is currently produced mainly at the Cyrus Smart Plant, which has a capacity of 300,000 as of 2022. The Cyrus Smart Plant is based on industry 4.0 standards and industry Internet requirements.
Intelligent factories, fast and accurate scale custom-made products with real-time online responses, 100 per cent automation of critical processes, strict product control standards, high-level intelligence manufacturing, high-quality delivery empowerment.
In 2019, Cyrus and Hua joined forces to launch the smart electric car product. In 2021, the company and China co-published the high-end smart car brand aito. As of October 2022, three cars were published.
The smart seat of the vehicle has a strong and dynamic function, and the volume of sales continues to be innovative. The branding channels are wide-ranging, and marketing strategies are perfect. As of November 28, the Askers have 1,168 sales outlets in 220 cities. The channels are wide-ranging, expanding rapidly, and consumers reach a wide audience.
We give companies a “buy-in” rating for the first time, when the intelligent new branding community continues to do so. The supply chain of key parts, such as chips/cells, is unstable; the new platform is not moving as fast as expected;
Increased volatility; less than expected progress in corporate and Chinese cooperation; ongoing risks. 1. Integrated car manufacturing enterprises, financial improvements, 1.1. Integrated car manufacturing enterprises, stable equity structure
The company was established in 1986 with the initial main products being electrical springs, motorcycle decomposers; a joint venture was established with East Wind to formally enter the automobile industry; and in 2012 the company was involved in the motorcycle shock absorbers and motorcycles industry.
In 2014, the company set up the New Energy Motors Institute to develop new energy vehicle-related technologies on a global scale and to map out the core three-power system; in 2019, Cyrus worked with China for joint operations to launch smart electric car products.
In 2020, the company issued a new stock of 327 million shares to the East Wind Motors Group for the purchase of 50% of its holdings of the East Wind and Light Car Company Limited, thereby achieving 100% control over East Wind and China.
The Windmill Group has become the second largest shareholder of the company. The East Wind Motors Group is one of the four largest Chinese motorist groups directly under central control. After this acquisition, the company and the East Wind Motors Group will move from business-based cooperation to full-scale strategic cooperation, which will facilitate synergies between technological production platforms and the production of financial resources for marketing.
In August 2022, the company issued an incentive plan to award an equity stake of no more than 36 million shares to the incentive target, representing some of the employees who had a direct impact on the draft incentive announcement. The ratio of coverage to the 2021 equity incentive scheme has increased further, and is favourable.
(b) In terms of testing targets: new energy sources in 2022. 1.2. New energy vehicle sales for the benefit of companies have continued to rise, company revenues have returned to high growth. From 2016 to date, companies have been active in the production of new energy vehicles, and self-research + co-operation has been a driving force for the growth of new energy vehicles.
In 2017, the company acquired a license plate for the production of new energy vehicles and set up the new energy company of the United States in the same year, opening up 91,000 new energy vehicles, with a recovery in revenue from support companies. The Māori ratio of new energy vehicles has returned to an improved trend since 2022.
With a steady increase in the capacity of Cyrus Smart Plants, the company’s Māori rate has recovered significantly, reaching 9.8% in the previous three quarters, compared to +7.47 pct. The company’s net return profit is still at a loss stage, and we expect to achieve a gradual reduction as the new energy vehicles move up.
1) New energy vehicle business: The company ' s new energy vehicle sales are still climbing, fixed and intangible assets are amortized, research and development inputs, labour costs, and the cost of marketing channels are continuously increasing. According to the company ' s performance forecast for 2021, Cyrus ' new energy vehicle business plate impacts are attributable to the net profit of the listed company ' s shareholders of about $1.4 billion; 2) traditional vehicle operations:
The impact of the epidemic + the downside of the traditional fuel vehicle industry as a whole, the negative net profit of the traditional car fleet in 2020 and the increase in the price of the stacking of raw materials in 2021 affected the realization of a net profit of about 350 million yuan attributable to the shareholders of the listed company. The cash flow was good, providing the basis for the company’s continued investment in smart electric car research and development, and the development of new models from birth.
At the same time, the firm’s financial strength has been further enhanced to provide strong guarantees for its sustainable development.
2.1. Continued investment in research and development, a deep reserve of new energy technologies, and systematic research and development capacity in the area of new energy vehicles. Since the establishment of the New Energy Automobile Institute in 2014, the company has been increasing its investment in new energy research and development.
More than 3,000 technical R & D personnel, leading the research and development of the company ' s new energy wholes and specialized products for various systems, including full vehicle integration, whole vehicle control, power cell systems, light quantification, smart network, autopilot, chassis, body parts, accessories, electronics, cae&nvh, test testing, etc., have established new global energy vehicle R & D institutions to make full use of them.
Building smart electric car platforms to enhance vehicle-type R & D efficiency. Companies take full account of the platform’s interoperability, integrating intelligence. Electric digital platforms are based on six layers of architecture (mechanical layers, energy layers, electrical and electronic layers, operating systems layers, etc.).
An entire vehicle functional application and a large cloudy data layer) is defined as a completely new intelligent motor vehicle platform with the advantage of "hardware available, scenario programmed, eco-requirer, system self-evolving" that can be extended to multiple car types such as sedans, suv, mpv, etc., compatible with incremental and pure electricity. All three product batches available for sale are based on the platform's architecture.
Autonomously developing a pure power-driven smart incremental platform de-i, with high performance, low energy consumption, quiet, and safety features. On December 2, 2021, the Division released a pure power-driven smart incremental platform de-i, which is based on a pure power-driven smart incremental platform that combines high performance and long-duration features and supports a zero-accelerator product at the 4-second level, while the platform ' s products continue to take off.
More than 1,000 km. The 1.5t four-cylinder, developed by the company, supports more than 100 incremental control strategies that are intelligent enough to adapt to low-temperature continuation without fear and high-altitude power, without following working conditions, temperature and territory. Moreover, the aito booster uses deep Miller cycle technology to combine turbo-chargers to achieve a 15:1 super-high compression ratio, bringing 41% of them.
Thermal efficiency. The power-driven system uses an integrated trio design that is small in size, light in weight, more energy-efficient, faster in power-driven, more power-driven in output, and longer in range; it can be adapted to daily commuting, high-speed, outdoor intelligent travel, and effectively meet consumer demand for low cost and high performance.
Figure 12: aito accelerator h15rt Figure 11: Cyrus Pure Anccelerator Platform (de-i) 2.2. Capable and experienced in whole-car manufacturing
The company has extensive manufacturing experience in pure electric motor vehicles. It has a number of production bases in Chongqing, Sandhill Dams, Jiangjin, Longevity, and Hubei Tensang. The company's subsidiary, Carys Motors Limited, was granted full electric motor vehicle production in 2017, and in September 2018, the Ministry of Trade and Communications approved the power of the race.
The car is a pure electric and car-producing enterprise, and the Cyrus car became the ninth to get a DARC, and the IT “double qualification” brand is currently produced mainly at the Cyrus Smart Plant, which had 300,000 vehicles as of 2022. This is a smart factory built according to industry's 4.0 standards and industrial Internet requirements, with real-time online responses.
Quick-precision tailor-made production, 100% automation of critical processes, enforcement of stringent product control standards, high-level intellectual manufacturing power as a high-quality delivery enabler. The intellectual selection model works in depth to create a new intellectual brand.
In 2019, Cyrus and Hua worked together to launch a smart electric car product. In 2021, the company and China co-published the high-end smart car brand aito (addingintelligencetoutoutouto).
Top3. As of October 2022, three models had been issued, with a cumulative sales volume of 58,000. Quest has been certified by China's five stars, the Quality Star. 3.1.1. Quest m5, the whole scene of Man, Car, Home.
In December 2021, aito's first volume of medium-sized luxurious suv extension m5 was released in September 2022.
Inches, 90% of the screen below the 16:9 super-narrow border; the total area of the panorama is about 2 square metres, plating the silverlow-e insulation glass with a 40% increase compared to the traditional glass insulation effect. For power performance, ask boundary m5 increment uses the huaweidriveone pure power-drive platform.
Electromotive controllers, as well as Celessep200 electric motors, high-efficiency staircase regulators, battery systems, have achieved five new driving experiences that are quieter, safer and more intelligent; ask boundary m5 to be equipped with a forward asymmetric exchange power + a post-long magnetic synchronization power system with a maximum power of 365 kw: with both front and fork arms
Multi-string stand-alone, lower side-dip gradients, and raise transport stability. m5 can be combined with power and continuity: 4.4 seconds in 100 km, full of oil and wltc work to a range of 1,100+km. Pure electrical power combined with continuity performance, smart fixation can reduce mileage anxiety: carrying the huaweidriveone pure.
An electric power-driven smart platform with a performance version of 100 km at 4.5 seconds and a standard version of 7.1 seconds; and a pure electrical renewal of 620/552 km. Complimentation provides a visualization option of a reachable range, a preferred route, and a recommended premium charge program for 35 chargers and 97% of public chargers, with an emergency mileage of 12 km in super-savvy mode.
For auxiliary driving, Questm5 uses the “camera + ultrasound radar + millimetre wave radar” sensor (8 cameras, 12 long-range ultrasound radars and 3 millimetre wave radars) with an intellectual assistive driving function of the 122 + class
In the case of smart cabins, question m5 is the first car to carry a Harmony smart cabin. In the case of Toto-hong, it's the system to do a super-end that moves seamlessly with people, mobile phones, smart homes, smart watches, etc.
(a) Handwatch controls: watch, mobile phone close to the unsensitized lockup door; watch, hand lifts up, wrists hold the vehicle remotely on the watch screen, windows open, air conditioners, etc.) Cars are connected: the smart home devices of the home are controlled by the Machine Control Centre, and the whole scene is connected to the human, car, home.)
Share function: m5 is the first time to add a Haawaishare feature, and the owner can transfer a picture of the cell phone to a central screen through Haawaishare, and provide more intelligent interaction by setting up custom wallpapers, etc., and ask the m5 of the boundary with a sound system, including 15+4, with a peak power of 1000+, with 7.1
3.1.2. Question area m7 core versus ideal one; payment period: 4 July 2022.
Comfortable/luxury/flagboards are priced at $31.98/33.98/37.98 million respectively. m7 power and fuel economy are excellent, and the cabin comforts coexist with intelligence. x 1775mm, axis range 2820mm.
Optimization, m7 compressed the length of l113 to 422 mm, with a spatial conversion rate of 92.4 per cent in the vehicle, turning radius 5.87m. Economic advantage in power and fuel: four-km version 4.8 seconds on a pure power-driveone platform; 1 65/195km on a pure electrical renewal of wltc, combined 1,000/1100km; fuel consumption, Question
Comfortableness and intellectual co-existence in the cabins: 1 in the comfort zone: a zero-gravity seat provides a comfortable ride, 4+1,000w independent performance + shock lows. 2 smartness: a smart seat with a hamonyos.
Modules, car systems have excellent experience, smart voice systems support sound communication at all times; all things are connected to China's ecology, and cars and children's chairs + car owner + car chart + mobile phone are connected to each other, so that they can get up, down and out. Super desktops can use mobile phone app: video and voice calls that support video and instant message applications and can be accessed.
Like head-to-head video or instantaneous outside viewing. 3.2. Channels are wide-ranging and marketing strategies are perfect, asking the world is far beyond the brand of new power. As of November 28, the world has sales outlets in 220 cities.
Of these, 172 are user centres and 996 are sales outlets in China, compared to 407/274/412 at the end of October (as at the end of October). The official forecast is that by the end of 2022 the number of brand shops will have expanded to over 1,200, with faster expansion.
By the end of October, and by the end of September, Xiao Peng built a network of further channels for user centres. The company raised $227 million in investment in the 2022 project.
Building of user centres to further cover the main target markets through the construction of 20 new offline user centres in major cities throughout the country. The user centres provide experience, purchase, and after-sales services primarily to car buyers, helping companies to keep abreast of city dynamics and user preferences, to understand competitors’ marketing strategies and product characteristics, and to adapt their marketing strategies and products in a timely manner.
It is a well-developed underground channel matrix with extensive coverage. It includes a flagship/intellectual life complex/a full-house smart-manufacturing experience store/authorization experience store, with more than 5,500 authorized sites covering the city's core.
Business circles and many long-tailed cities. Questioning cars will continue to benefit from a well-developed channel layout at the end. Figure 25: Distribution of channels as of September 2022.
02 Smart Life Hall 200+ homes: straight camp mode, distributed in shopping malls, with China as a full-scale smart product experience 03 All-house smart-authorization store 100+ homes: a full-scale intelligent living space
04 is an authorized experience store 5,500+: it has a wide range of online users and a mature operating system. China is a monthly active user center for 45 million people.
The user resources are huge, and the rich product lines provide the largest entrance to the exposure of the border cars. At the same time, the border cars have joined China as an ecological chain, a business acquisition system, a micro-credit program, iosapp, a centigrade sequence, a voice-shock program, a cooperative bank shop, etc., and a broad user base.
China has accumulated a rich and effective marketing strategy in mobile business and branding that integrates advertising ideas and branding. Three new cars have been released to present as a front page at the Chinese launch of the new product; and it's a major feature in the major cities.
Business circles, airports, etc.; in addition, the Chinese terminal bgceo surplus is actively involved in vehicle-style distribution & follow-up campaigns.4 Profit predictions and investment proposals are based on the following core assumptions to forecast Cyrus ' profits for 2022-2024.
1) Sales forecasts: aitum5/m7 has an excellent intelligent cabin experience, while driving 10,000 sales. 2) bike revenue: in 2023, the company will roll out a full-sized suv, and aito revenue is expected to increase further. 3) Māori ratio: as delivery rises, the company ' s capacity utilization will improve further.
+The central assumption will be a steady improvement as single-store efficiency gradually increases the cost of sales. Given the company’s deep reserves of new energy technologies, its outstanding manufacturing capacity, and the continued use of smart new brands, the first coverage, we give the company a “buy-in” rating.
The growth of the new energy automobile industry has been slower than expected. If the new world crown epidemic is less controlled than expected, it will have an impact on the global economy, thus affecting the recovery of vehicle demand.
The supply chain for key components, such as chips/cells, is unstable. If the epidemic causes a global shortage of chips, there is a strain on the supply of key components, such as batteries.
The new platform is not as advanced as expected. If the new model is not as advanced as expected, it may lead to increased international volatility in sales/performance.
The company’s cooperation with China is less advanced than expected. If the company’s cooperation with China is less advanced than expected in terms of channels, etc., or has an impact on the firm’s sales uphill.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board