Global pcb taps, tied to the share-sharing technology upgrade dividend - for the first time, the dotted stock covered the industry-focused pcb taps, and for the first time, it covered the "very recommended" rating.
As the world's largest pcb leader, the company focused on providing a full range of pcb products and services to high-quality clients, building an “oneavary” product system with products of various kinds, including fpc, hdi, r-pcb, slp. We believe that the pcb industry is continuing to shift to China, based on the trend of the pcb industry.
With excellent managerial capacity and technological strength, companies are expected to grow beyond the overall growth of the industry and become the biggest beneficiaries of industry and technology development. Net return profits are expected to grow steadily in 2019-2021 in the global pcb market, and the trend towards eastward movement of the industrial chain is becoming clearer.
As the “mother of electronics”, pcb is widely applied downstream and is an electronic component that is not accessible to modern electronic information products. E-product development and technological innovation are the driving force behind industry development, thinning of electronics, functional innovation, new technological developments and appliable equipment, ar/vr, car electronics.
The annual global pcb market will remain moderate, China is expected to continue to dominate the global pcb market by 3.7 per cent in the period from 2018 to 2023, and the pcb industry on the mainland of China is expected to bind large customers over the next five years, develop with clients and suppliers, and share the technology upgrade dividend
The company is the world’s largest pcb manufacturer, with a global market share of more than 6% in 2018, and its technology R & D and water management have a clear advantage compared to Apple Industries Chain Technology and pcb-type companies. Technically, pcb is moving towards high accuracy, high density, and high reliability.
Development, volume reduction and performance enhancement are necessary requirements for industry development. Companies are among the few global producers of fpc, hdi, and slp. Technology research and development is excellent.
Participation in the development and design of next-generation, next-generation products of clients, early deployment of products and technological orientations that may emerge over the next three years, leading market trends and developments.1 Global pcb flagships, technology and management lead industries
1.1. Focusing on the pcb industry has been a global leader for many years. Podang Holdings is a global leader in pcb, focusing on providing a full range of pcb products and services to high-quality clients and providing customers with a product design, R & D covering pcb products, in line with downstream customization requirements for different end-products.
The company was founded on 29 April 1999 and placed on the market at its deep border on 18 September 2018. In 2006-2007, the Shenzhen Sun Station, the Royal Qin Island Estate, the Liaoning Pass, and the Jiang Suhuayan Plant were officially inaugurated; in 2011, the company began operating in the city.
In 2013, the parent company became China’s first and second largest pcb company in the world; in 2017, the company as a whole was changed to a stock company, and on 18 September 2013, the company was officially listed in a deep-seated post.
Figure 1: The history of Ping Dynasty has changed from a stock company to a company officially known as Peng Dynasty (Hin Shenzhen) Inc. The company became the second largest pcb company in China and the world.
The parent company's technology holdings are on the market in Taiwan, the Shenzhen Matsuoka factory area, the Royal Qin Island factory district in Hebei, the Liaoning shop district and the Jiang Suhuaan factory district, and the company's former company, Hsien Shenzhen Precision Component (Hin Shenzhen), was founded in Fuku Yong, Shenzhen City.
1.2. Full product coverage, construction of an “oneavary” product system. Companies focus on providing industry leaders with a full range of pcb products and services, and provide customers with product design, R & D, manufacturing and post-sale coverage of pcb products in line with the customization requirements of different downstream terminals.
The company’s main products are currently flexible pcb (fpc), high-density connectors (hdi), hard-printing circuit boards (r-pcb), class plates (slp), etc.
Subscribe the company’s products into communication boards, consumer electronics and computer panels, and other panels, according to the classification of downstream applications.
Specific products include a variety of products such as master panels, boards, speaker panels, antenna panels, camera panels, icm modules, and fingerprint identification panels, which are used by clients such as Apple, nokia, sony, oppo, vivo and Mi, which are leading domestic and foreign brand clients; consumer electronic panels are used mainly on tablet computers,
Submarine products, such as devices, games and smart home devices, that are relevant to modern consumer life and recreation, include products such as optical metering boards, vibration module panels and flat cable boards, and downstream customers include beryllium, google, Microsoft, and China, which are leading brands both domestically and internationally.
In the area of automobile electronics, the distributor’s products have been specifically applied to electronic automobile products such as solar light systems, car navigation systems, vehicle sound entertainment systems and car charger systems, and the customers of services such as panasonic, crowd-generated photovoltaics and tela.
The main products of the dotted stock are classified by downstream applications 1.3, the shareholder background is very strong, GIL and Xian Pengchen account for 6.44% and 5.35% of the shares of the company, respectively.
The international controlling party is the dominant shareholder of the listed company in Taiwan, which was established in Shenzhen in 1999 to design, develop, manufacture and sell a printed line (pcb) as one, and Fuscon, which holds 37.96 per cent of the shares.
1.4. Companies are financially sound and competent, and their net profits are growing robustly The net profits are rising steadily and the net profits are rising rapidly. In 2018, the company achieved a gross operating income of 25,855 million yuan and a composite growth rate of 11.57% in 2014-2018. In terms of net profits, the net profits are returning to the company in 2018.
This was due to the fact that the company ' s main client, whose mobile phone sales were not as high as expected and the cost of raw materials for the company ' s products had risen significantly, and that the company ' s co-opt-to-subsidy had led to a limited increase in the price of its products, which had led to low corporate Māori rates and net interest rates in 2016, a significant increase in the demand for communication boards from downstream customers in 2017, a continuous restructuring of the company ' s products and consumption.
Electronics and computer panels are expanding new applications, with high Māori product sales rising and combined Māori rates rising. Overall, corporate Māori rates fluctuated from around 20% to around 10%. Three fees are stable, and management fees (including R & D) are higher.
The revenue ratio remained essentially the same, and the financial costs decreased slightly in relation to the revenue ratio, mainly as a result of exchange gains and losses due to exchange rate fluctuations, with management costs of $2,133 million, or 8.25 per cent, and an increase of 101 per cent from 2017, compared to the same type of company.
Early planning, environmental spending far exceeds the domestic share and type of company, and when environmental costs are deducted from management costs, the administrative costs are actually lower. Net sales interest rates are the main contributing factor to the Roe movement. In 2018, net corporate asset benefits were higher.
Low point, followed by an improvement in net corporate interest rates, and a steady increase in Roe. The contribution rate is measured by the impact of the variation rate of the indicators on the marginal change in Roe, and we look at the dominant factor in the change in Roe by calculating the contribution of the three indicators: net interest rate on sales, total asset turnover and equity multipliers. As can be seen from the table below, net sales for 2015-2018 are net.
Interest rates have always contributed the most to the net asset rate of return, with equity factors and asset turnover playing a relatively small role. For negative correlations, this is mainly due to ipo 2018.
The Division pursues the “light, small, tall, fast, fine and precise” approach of research and development, participation and forward product development and design in collaboration with clients, suppliers, etc., by directly participating in the development and design of next-generation, next-generation products, by pre-positioning possible product and technology directions over the next three years, with leading downstream brand clients and large electronic generations.
Planters establish strong linkages, develop long-term and solid business partnerships that capture market trends and new and leading R&D strategies that go beyond customer demand and lead industrial technological innovation. Corporate R&D is divided into three levels, the first phase of which is the client demand phase, and the main strategy is cost competitiveness.
The second stage of the process is to go beyond the client demand phase, with the main strategy being to differentiate competition strategies by engaging in front-of-the-board research and design of client products, and by working with innovative thinking to guide customers and create value.
The third phase of the technology-led industry, LEVEL3, is focused on a competitive strategy to build core technology-led flows through autonomous technology, production, learning, research and co-development, basic research and research on key technologies of common interest.
Continued R & D inputs have a significant technological advantage. In 2018, R & D inputs from companies reached 1,223 million yuan, representing 4.73% of operating income. Much of the product is produced by a separate production system because of the variety of pcb products, rigid panels, flexible boards, hdi, etc., which have common features in the process, and in the specific production of each type of product.
Sub-producers, especially small and medium-sized manufacturers, can produce only one type of pcb product, and companies can do the level of “one-stop shopping” for downstream customers. Moreover, by the technical standard of the linear width of the product, the minimum aperture of the product that the company can produce can be 0.025 mm, the minimum line width can be 0.025 mm, and it is already in shape.
Patents are rich and far more powerful than their domestic counterparts. Companies have applied for large amounts of patents in the development of their own critical technologies. By the end of 2018, companies had accumulated 609 domestic and foreign patents, 90% of which were patents for inventions.
Far more than their domestic counterparts.2 Technology and product innovation drive robust growth in the pcb sector 2.1, the mother of electronics, with a wide range of product breakdowns
2.1.1 The electronic component support, the mother of the electronic product, the printed circuit board (printedcircuitboard, pcb) is an electronic element of the graphics of the printed component, the printed line or the combination thereof, by means of a pre-designed insulation building.
pcb is widely used in various electronics and related products. Prior to the advent of pcb, pre-electronic interconnections were directly connected by wires, but this method took time and effort to occupy space, and as circuits broke down with circuits leading to short circuits and low reliability, engineers came up with a metal conductor on the insulation base.
Any electronic product contains a large number of components, the connection between the element and the element is made through pcb, and almost all electronics are required to be equipped, so it is called the "mother of the electronic product".
Figure 11: In-house composition of pcb, the upstream raw materials for the production of pcb are predominantly bronze, bronze balls, bronze base plates, semi-stabilized tablets, ink, dry membranes, etc. In the production of pcb, copper base plates have the greatest impact on pcb costs.
Fibre sheeting and bronze tiles, which account for about 40 per cent of the cost of the bronze base plate (plastic plate) and 25 per cent of the cost of the bronze base plate; copper tiles, which account for 30 per cent of the cost of the bronze base plate (plastic plate) and more than 50 per cent of the cost of the pcb.
2.1.2. pcb is broken down into a wide variety of categories and there are many methods of product differentiation pcb classification, which can be divided according to product structure, the softness of the building blocks, the conductive formation process, etc. (1) by product structure: single, double, multi-layer, hdi, enveloped base plate.
(2) Depending on the softness of the base material, it can be classified as: rigid, scratching, scratching board (3), the process of forming by lead line can be divided into: subtraction, improved semi-aggregation (msap), add-up (sap) 2.2, stable growth in market demand, and continuous industrial shift to Asia
(b) Bridges connected by electronic components, with extensive downstream applications.pcb is a bridge carrying electronic components and connecting circuits as the “mother of electronics” and is widely applied downstream to communications, consumer computers, computers, industry.
The areas of control, medical devices, defence are electronic components that are not accessible to modern electronic information products, and the development of the pcb industry is closely linked to the development of the downstream electronic information industry. The pcb industry is driven by growth in the communications and medical sectors in the coming years.
In the larger context of accelerated growth, such as industrial intelligence and access to goods, growth as pcb is bound to be driven. According to Prismark, the global pcb market is projected to grow mildly over the next five years, with a global pcb output of $74.76 billion in 2018.
Changes in global pcb output and growth rates 2.2.2, pcb industrial chains move eastwards, and industries will continue to be dominated by Asia, and as the division of labour in globalized industries deepens, the global electronic information industry has gradually shifted from developed to medium.
The emerging economies represented by China, Asia and China in particular, already cost the world’s most important production base for electronic information products. According to the National Ministry of Industry and Communications, China’s revenue from the manufacturing of electronic information above its size amounted to 13 trillion yuan yuan in 2017, an increase of 7.03% in the same year.
Industry has also moved to mainland China, South-East Asia, etc. China’s more than-sized electronic information manufacturing industry has continued to grow, with more than 70% of global pcb production distributed in North America, Europe, and Japan until 2000, the twenty-first century.
Since 2006, China has surpassed Japan to become the world’s largest producer of pcb, the world’s leading producer of pcb and production. Today, China’s pcb sector accounts for more than 50% of global pcb output.
Prismark expects that Asia will continue to dominate the development of the global pcb market over the next five years, while China is the most critical segment of the Asian market, and that the pcb industry on the mainland of China will maintain a compound growth rate of 3.7 per cent over the next five years, reaching a gross industrial output of $35,686 billion by 2022, far higher than in other countries and regions.
2.3 The pattern of competition in the industry is fragmented, but the concentration is expected to increase continuously in the range of pcb products, the degree of customization and the fragmentation of downstream industries, and therefore the pattern of industry is fragmented. In terms of product types, pcb has a very large market segment, with various types of pcb products in use scenes, performances, materials, electricity.
Air characteristics, functional design, etc., vary, and their production processes vary, with virtually no manufacturer taking a leading position on the product lines; with regard to customization, individual manufacturers need to adjust to differences in base thickness, material quality, linear width and apertures; in addition, the pcb industry is fragmented downstream, consuming electronics, etc.
All e-related areas, such as communications, electricity, cars, and industrial medicine, require pcb, which is not particularly concentrated in one area. So the pcb sector is now highly competitive, with about 2,000 pcb manufacturers worldwide, with the world’s leading market share of about 6% and the city of Top30 only about 60%.
And the top ten pcb manufacturers focus on different product segments. The pcb products are diverse, downstream, and the top ten are focused on different product segments. Industry thresholds are raised + environmental protection, and industry concentration is expected to increase.
1. Technology development shows that pcb products converge towards high accuracy, high density and high reliability, with constant volume reduction, cost reduction and performance improvement as a necessary trend in industry development, with specific products, hdi, slp
Medium- and high-end products are expected to be important developments in the industry, and their production and development require strong capital and a deep technological base, with smaller pcb producers increasingly disadvantaged in competition. 2. Downstream end product upgrading accelerating, increasing brand concentration and impact. New technologies, new materials, etc.
The continued development and rapid transformation of new designs requires strong financial and technological R & D capabilities on the part of brand manufacturers, as well as the ability to organize production on a large scale and to integrate supply chain management.
3. Environmental protection is accelerating the withdrawal of highly polluting small businesses. Environmental policies are becoming more stringent, and governments, through tax mechanisms, are pushing high-pollution, high-energy-consuming enterprises to upgrade and large producers can absorb the corresponding environmental costs, but small producers are not in themselves profitable enough to meet their high environmental costs and are expected to be phased out of the market.
Innovation in electronics and the rise of emerging markets, such as automobiles and electronics, have contributed to the growth of the industry. 2.4.1, pcb boards dominate, and fpc has the fastest-growing layers and flexible boards dominate, which together account for nearly 60%.
The ratio of single/double panels, multi-layers, hdi panels, envelopes and fpc markets in 2017 was 14 per cent, 37 per cent, 15 per cent, 12 per cent, 22 per cent, respectively, and the combined share of multi-layers and fpcs was close to 60 per cent. Benefiting from the outbreak of cellular panels and panels, the hedi and flexible panels have increased most rapidly in the past few years.
As can be seen, the fastest combined growth rates in the last eight years were fpc and hdi boards, which were 5.89 per cent and 4.16 per cent, respectively, well above the overall growth rate, mainly because the fpc and hdi boards were mainly used in consumer electronic products, such as smart phones, while consumer electronic products, represented by mobile phones and flat boards, were in gold development over the past decade.
2.4.2 The thinning of electronics and the promotion of functional innovation have led to a sustained increase in fpc demand, highlighting the fpc excellence and high use of mobile phones. Currently, consumer electronic devices such as smartphones, pcs, flatboards, brains, etc. are gradually being miniaturized, fine-tuned, portable, and fpc is being developed because of its high line density,
Low weight, thickness, bendability, high flexibility features that allow for product miniaturization, light quantification and integration of electronic components with fuses, which are used extensively in consumer electronic products. Figure 21: fpc is used extensively on mobile phones
Smart phones are the most important market for fpc, accounting for about 37% of the overall fpc market. Depending on functionality, performance, light film fpc, they need to be used in a variety of places, such as antennas, cameras, homeboards, display modules, fingerprint identification, etc.
In addition, with the expansion of such functions as oled, multiple cameras, 3dsensing, wireless charging, etc., new features, often in the form of modules, which must be connected through soft panels, the need for fpc in a single cell phone is increasing as the functionality continues to grow, and in iphone, for example, the need for fpc in iphone is holding.
Continuing growth, the fpc of iphonexs is up to 24 pieces, while iphone7 only needs 14-16.Fpc is mainly used in areas such as smartphones and panels (2017). 2.4.3. Emerging market demand constitutes an important point in future pcb growth
Emerging markets, such as wearing equipment, will be an important growth point in the fpc market. Good features have allowed the application of fpc soft panels to be extended to equipment that can be worn, smart watches, etc., especially with the continued innovation of highly intelligent equipment products, which has led to continued growth in the market space of fpc.
The use of fpc softboards in vr/ar, such as the use of about nine fpcs in psvr, which can be worn market-specific, other than the rise of vr.ar technology, is bound to significantly boost demand for light fpc. Automobile electricization, intelligence, light-quantitative pullpcb demand increases.
Security and comfort requirements, vehicle information systems, smart driving support systems, bms, electrical controls, new instrumentation, sensors, led lamps are increasingly used in cars, all of which are used in large quantities of pcb. Currently, the use of pcb in one medium high-end vehicle is about 30 pieces, and according to the Chinese Industrial Information Network (CIIN) data, electricization is expected.
Annual Pcb output, 3.7 per cent of total pcb output, increased significantly to 8.8 per cent in 2017, estimated at $5.2 billion; and, in terms of acceleration, the vehicle pcb industry projected a high rate of growth in new energy automobile sales in China in 2018-2022
Volatile pcb market continued to grow and market prospects were wide
Smart phones are getting shorter and thin, and more and more functions are needed, but they are limited to hands and hands, and the size of the machine cannot increase, so that pcb needs to make concessions for more precision, smaller and thinner cells in a limited space. It is possible to observe innovations from iphone 5s to iphonex.
And it turns out that the ratio of pcb to Applephone's mobile phone is gradually decreasing. The ratio of pcb to iPhone's size has declined from 21% to 18% of x in 5s, but the function has increased considerably, and the battery capacity has increased.
The iPhone is thinning and iPhone is getting heavier and heavier, and the semi-summsap is the main method of producing slips now.
It is a pcb graphic production technology that is between subtraction and build-up. Because traditional pcb manufacturing processes generally use subtraction techniques, which usually lead to corrosion problems, the minimum line width of the subtraction process is limited, and the current slp is made using a combination of reduction processes and msap.
The tendency for high-density fine-lined pcb technologies to be used in different manufacturing stages is clear, and slp responds. As the product evolves lightly, thinly, shortly, and smallly, the need for pcb also evolves in a high-precision, fine-lined, and high-density direction.
The goal is to have a significant increase in the number of widgets to be installed, but the space left to the circuit board is becoming more limited, so the line width has to be reduced, but as mobile phones are further miniaturized, traditional levels of hdi are already limited to the process itself and it is difficult to meet the requirements for future cellular development, resulting in a larger stacking of layers and a wider line.
Smaller slp technology applications that can withstand more functional modules. Compared to hdi, slp class loaders, further reduce the width and distance of the line to 30m, closer to the ic loader, so that they are known as substrate-likepcb. As currently capable of solving pain points that meet both cellular space and signal transmission requirements
The product, slp, is expected to be market-mainstreamed and fast-growing in the coming years. Figure 33: iPhone panel technology evolution: high-density fine-lined trends are evident, apples and three-star panels are upgraded to open up the pcb industry to compete for a new track.
Slp is used in ship phones, and smart phones will increase the trend of integration within a limited circuit board area to increase functionality or provide space for additional battery capacity, which is expected to be met by tiles, millet, and ov in the coming years. In addition, there is a need for other electronic products to be small-scale, such as equipment to wear, tablet computers, notebooks, etc.
There is also the possibility of using slp products. According to Yoledevelopment, in 2017, Slp brought with it US$ 51% annual compound growth. Apples started using slp technology from iphonex.
Slp becomes a necessity for soldiers, and the pioneers are deployed. Because Slp's process is different from the previous hdi production process, if it is to enter the supply chain, it will need to invest a great deal of money, manpower, and a lot of production experience, so the barriers to Slp's entry are now very high, with only a few pcbs.
That's what a leading manufacturer is capable of. At present, Sulp can do it with tristar power, dots, at&s, ttm, 3, following industry trends, with a steady growth of 3.1, binding large customers, and sharing the dividends of technological upgrading.
3.1.1 Place 5g, with excellent access to the mpi antenna softboard supply chain, the lcp material is expected to become the mainstream antenna material of the 5g era. The current mobile antenna technology is mainly based on the softboard process, and the softboard base material is used more frequently in the form of pi, but due to the power supply of the pi-based material
The high constants and loss factors lead to high frequency transmission losses and poor reliability of the pi soft board, making it impossible to adapt to the 5g requirement, and the lcp material is expected to replace the pi as a new antenna base because of its high frequency high speed trend in the 5g era because of its excellent characteristics, such as low power consumption and high sealing.
In 2017, big clients first introduced an icp antenna into their cell phones, using 4 pieces of lcp material in iphonex.
Depending on the ability of the lcp antenna, mpi replaces part of the lcp antenna to become the mainstream antenna solution for large clients in 2019. Because of the complexity of the lcp manufacturing process, the good rate is very low and the cost is high, large clients are expected to replace part of the lcp antenna with mpi in 2019, based on cost and supply chain considerations.
Antennas, to reduce reliance on lcp materials. According to industrial chain research, the mpi antenna is less than the lcp antenna when it is high-frequency, the difference is not large when it is less than 6ghz, and the mpi has an advantage in cost and capacity, so Apple plans to replace part of the lcp with the mpi antenna in 2019 in a new 3rd model.
Card 5g, successfully entering the mpi flexible supply system. As the top-notch fpc soft supplyr, the company has a strong technological and productive advantage, successfully enters the mpi soft supply system and has a share of more than 50%. Moreover, given the performance advantage of the lcp antenna, the ccp antenna will remain in the 5g era.
Mainstream technology programmes, while large clients are expected to further increase the number of lcp antenna suppliers for supply chain security considerations, and companies, as major mpi antenna suppliers, are expected to enter the lcp supply chain in the next generation of iphones. 3.1.2, masterboard technology is continuously upgraded, and company slp operations are expected to increase at full cost
Smallening the support board, slp is favored by the pioneer manufacturer. With smartphones, small wearables and increasing functionality, mobile phones have a growing number of electronic components to carry, but mobile phones cannot grow as they grow, so mobile operators have to do everything they can to load more units on the same panel, so...
It is necessary to reduce the width of the main panel line, but there are limits to the hdi's own process, and the width of the line, which is smaller, and the slp, which has more layers, is the choice of the lead manufacturer. Apples and Samsung are now introducing slp technology in their flagship aircraft.
Apples were introduced for the first time in 2017 in iphonex, and in order to support higher frequency data transmission and reduce data loss, apples frequently upgraded their own mainframe technology by adding two pieces and three pieces of slp in xs and xsmax, respectively, and are expected to continue to do so in 2019.
In terms of shares, the share of production capacity was relatively small in 2018, the share of companies is expected to increase this year when the ipo is released, and the share of companies is expected to continue to increase in the coming years, given the excellent technology and management of water in the dove. In terms of non-phone end, apples are also expected to grow.
The company is also expected to benefit from the trend of slp penetration on mobile phones, pads, and macbooks. Multiple factors helped to boost the steady growth of Andrew's mobile business.
A comprehensive screen program was introduced in the flagship, which was significantly increased in 2017. According to the crowd-in-the-group projections, in 2020, there will be 1.32 billion full screens in Andre camp, with a penetration rate of up to 85 per cent. There are three technical pathways to the chip envelope: cog, cof, and cop, cog, chiponglass, driving the ic directly to the screen panel.
Bottom, take the length of the screen module; cof, chiponfilm, drive the ic integration in fpc, bend to screen, significantly shorten the back of the screen; cop, chiponpi, drive the ic successor film, which is the equivalent of a slide in the screen, which is the shortest in length. The current cell phone is mainly driven by cog technology, with 18:9 screens.
The cog process is still possible, but if you want to raise the screen ratio further, the bottom border will be reduced further, and the cof/cop will be the inevitable option. And the cop is based on soft-led screens, which are currently more expensive and less productive, and the cof will be the only option for most manufacturers.
The most important components of the cof's process are the production of fine circuits and the encapsulation of the ic chip, which is mainly a pi membranes with a thickness of only 50-100um, a line width of less than 20um, and the production process needs to be semi-incremented or added.
According to sigmaintell, the penetration rate of the full screen market will continue to rise over the next few years.
The slp is expanding, further pre-empting industry development. The slp board structure has a clear advantage in upgrading internal space. Only apples and Samsung are currently using the slp technology in their flagship aircraft, a future technique.
According to the industry chain study, both the pposonis are authenticating the slp, which, if introduced in the future, will constitute an important growth point for the company’s future non-apple end. 3.3, auto electricization, intelligence trends are clear, and car use pcb has a huge potential for long-term growth.
Automobile electricization, intelligence, and light-quantified stimulus to the long-term growth of the pcb market. Currently, car pcb is still a small share of the overall pcb market, but there is much space in the long term. According to Prismark, vehicle pcb products produced 3.7 per cent of total pcb output in 2009, rising significantly to $5.2 billion by 2017;
The pcb market is expected to continue to grow at a high rate over the long term, as automobile electricization, intelligence and light quantification develop. According to Prismark's projections, the car pcb industry is projected to grow at a compound rate of 4.1 per cent in 2017-2022, higher than the industry average of 3.2 per cent.
The company’s pcb product is concentrated on car electronics such as car entertainment systems, day-light systems, car navigation systems, and charging systems, and the main customer package is condensed, conjuncture, Tesla, etc., as a support product for electronic components.
As a global pcb leader, we believe that the pcb industry continues to grow.
With China’s major shift, with its excellent managerial capacity and technological strength, firms are expected to grow faster than the industry as a whole and become the biggest beneficiaries of industry development and technological development. For the first time, there is a “strong competition that exacerbates the fall in product prices, the lack of progress in research and development, the continuing decline in mobile phone sales, and public spending”