Ping: fpc is the global champion of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre. The Ping Dynamite Holdings was created in 1999 by the introduction of an accelerosis of sunflowers.
In 2017, the largest pcb company in the world was picked up with 35.9 dollars in excess of the Japanese flag. In addition to moving the dividends of consumer electronics in the Internet era, the company’s own strategic choices were accurate and well managed.
In a fully competitive market environment, the market share has been steadily raised, creating the company's own Alpha. Consumer electronics have risen, and supply chain dividends have been huge. Apple launched the iphone era in 2010, with mobile Internet breaking out, consumer electronics markets rising, and moving along with the electronic processing manufacturing chain.
Moved to China, a large number of electronic supply chain companies have been created in the country. As the “mother of electronics”, pcb has over 50% of the mainland market share in China. Peng is rooted in China, fully enjoying the electronic manufacturing industry, following the first-class customers and focusing on fpc. The company's business concept is shared with world-class customers.
Long, top-notch firms in the pcb field, just as smartphones broke out, the Apple-Led Industries innovation, mobile phones, soft singles were raised from $10 to $40, and are still rising. The company focused on soft boards, becoming the first softboard supplier for apples, and its share is increasing. Cell phones are used as a core.
• Create competitive barriers to transition from managerial to technological advantages, and keep increasing the city’s dominance. Companies are out of business.
At the same time, firms increase their R & D inputs to ensure technological excellence. Companies are among the first to achieve smart manufacturing plants in the country, and the number of single-line workers can be reduced by 90%.
We believe that the advent of the 5-g era will accelerate the recovery of smartphones and single machines, that corporate products will rise in prices, and that corporate revenues will grow at a compound rate over the next three years.
24.3 per cent, with a mixed performance growth rate of 31.4 per cent, is significantly better than the industry. Given that the company ' s performance grew at a faster rate in 19 years than that of 2. Ping Dynasty Holdings (002938), the risk of non-boundary expansion routes: new technologies are not moving as fast as expected.
Founded in 1999, later than their peers, the company’s first shareholder, Fuxcom, has no real control, and its chairman, Shen Qingfang, has no experience in the pcb industry, and how can an electronic manufacturing company run by a career manager reverse traditional pcb firms?
We believe that the company’s achievements can be attributed to industry’s opportunities and its own good governance. Technology and innovation drive product innovation, smartphone age, industry dividends, corporate management team excellence, business philosophy and strategy implementation that fit industry characteristics, and take advantage of scale management.
High priority is given to technology research and development, and precision management and technology leadership are the company's two main competition laws.
fpc, also known as the flexible version, is a printed circuit board made of soft base material, which has the advantage of light, bending, and a wide variety of electronic products suitable for small, light-quantified and mobile needs, and which are currently used mainly in smartphones, tablet computers, early centuries (in the budding phase): the second phase is from the beginning of the twenty-first century to the start of 2007.pc and parts of functional mobile phones need fpc.
The output of fpc rose slowly; the third phase, from 2008 to 2014, saw a surge in fpc production, triggered by Apple ' s iphone; and the fourth phase, from 2015 to date, saw the demand for smartphones decline and enter the stock age, with new technologies such as double take three and fold screens driving demand for replacements.
The telecommunications sector is growing faster and becoming a new growth point. Given the development of a large category of pcb and the change in the subcategory of fpc, although the demand for fpc was growing slowly in 2005, the share of fpc was only 13%.
Level, the share of fpc production in the pcb industry has exceeded 20%. Since the technology of fpc has become lighter and smaller in recent years, it is not only new technologies for smartphones: dichotomy, triograms, full screens, folding screens, etc., less demand, integrated fpc, the future 5g communications technology, auto electronics, medical electronics, etc., all have higher requirements and demands and can be released.
The fpc manufacturing industry was first found in the 1960s, when soft boards were used in the field of high-precision electronics (space rockets) such as space and military in countries with advanced electronic technology, such as the United States. The U.S., after the end of the Soviet War, fpc began to be used for civilian products. Until the beginning of the 21st century, consumer-type electronics markets developed rapidly, and pc computers and mobile phones consumed.
Development, increased demand, and the fpc manufacturing sector only started to develop slowly. Pc and functional mobile phones began to pop in 2000, and pc panels and i/o panels were required to apply pcb, parts of which required fpc soft boards, pc popping which contributed to the development of the pcb and fpc industries, and fpc global output rose and slowed down.
Following the subprime mortgage crisis in 2008, the pcb and fpc manufacturing industries themselves were affected, adding downside industries, and the fpc global output fell sharply, with a 12 per cent decline in 2007 compared to the previous year, before the introduction of iphone4 resumed growth, a 30 per cent increase in the same year.
1.3 The launch of the smartphone fpc in the long term (2008-2014) in January 2007, the launch of the first-generation Apple phone, and the launch of the Apple in 2008, marked the rise of the Apple phone, which increased its sales by 755% in the same year. In 2010, Apple launched an iPhone 4, the first time that an iPhone had a cell phone.
The main board has been upgraded from normal hdi to any layer of hdi, which has opened up a lightly thinning of mobile phones and has also ignited the smartphone market, where sales of iphones have increased by as much as 92.9 per cent in the same year, and global sales of smartphones have increased at a similar rate of 75.6 per cent, following which apple hands and machines have continued to innovate (e.g. 14 years of iphone 6 fingerprint recognition technology has led to a rapid increase in the application of fingerprint recognition fpc).
Technology has gradually infiltrated, with iPhone sales at a rate of 43.43 per cent in 10 to 14 years, and global smartphone sales have continued at a high rate of 43.8 per cent in 14 years, with a four-year compound growth rate of 43.8 per cent, which has reduced global cellular output to 10 per cent at a similar rate, reduced demand for switchboards, and the formalization of smartphones into the stock age.
In 2008-2014, the heat of the iphone led by iPhone triggered the demand for fpc panels, which needed to be integrated into a large capacity in a limited space, with higher requirements for light, minimature, curable, etc. of circuit boards, so that mobile phones had a large number of components using fpc, including the display of modules, antennas, vibrations, main panels, etc., and the same place, 14 years.
Fingerprints were later identified, cameras were upgraded by three cameras, new technologies such as fpc. In the smartphone age, apples represented an increasing demand for fpc, and the Andre brands of Samsung and Wah had the same demand for fpc as apples. The number of iphones fpcs in the apple generation was 10 in 10 years.
The number of iphonexes has increased to 24 in recent years. Moreover, new technologies have emerged as a result of technological upgrades and changes in smartphones, with higher requirements for fpc, higher space limitations, higher capacity requirements, and rapid price increases for fpc after upgrading.
According to industry data, the global market value of fpc rose by 20.59 per cent over the same period in 10 years, and the same rate increased by 10 per cent in 11-13 years, until 14 years after smartphones entered the stock age, the demand for replacements weakened and the market value of fpc increased by 1.8 per cent.
The smart machine needs 10-12 and the fpc usage will continue with the rise of Andre high-end machines and the increasingly sophisticated design of mobile phones. Figure 10: Number of iphones and parts of the Andre machines fpc. Figure 11: prices of fpc used by iPhone.
1.4 Innovations, continued expansion of fpc applications (2015-present) 14 years later smartphones enter the stock age, global smartphone markets are growing faster, 16 years due to apples so far) and smartphone technology innovation has escalated, 3d cameras, full screens, double cameras, 3d cameras, 3D cameras, and 3D cameras.
New technologies such as flexible screens accelerate penetration, as in 2014, iphone6 fingerprint recognition, iphone7 use of a double camera head in 2016, and cell phone technology significantly upgraded in 2017. In addition, flexible screens, wireless chargers, classboards need to be used for higher integration and new fpc processes with technological upgrades.
Even in recent years when the volume of smart machines has declined, the stock market still has great potential. According to Prismask, the global market for fpc is expected to reach $12.6 billion in 2021, compared with a compound increase of 2.5 per cent in 17 years, and the communications industry (manufactures) is expected to increase by 2.9 per cent in 18-22 years. The demand for fpc is stable in the traditional telecommunications electronics sector.
In addition to telecommunications, the future rise in the temperature of consumer electronics, car electronics, and industrial and controlled medicine will also increase the demand for fpc, especially the consumer electronics industry, which is expected to increase by 4.6 per cent at a combined rate of 18-22 years, significantly higher than the telecommunications electronics (cell phone) industry Soft screens: since 2015-2018, soft screens have accounted for an increasing proportion of mobile phone screen delivery, based on third-party consultations
The screen will reach 53.4 million square metres, with an annual compound growth rate of 81% and a real volume flexible screen. Fpc, one of the main ingredients of the flexible screen, will also increase the future sales of fpc, driven by the high speed of the soft screen, and become a core-drillable device: 1249 million worldwide in 2018, as the technology moves.
Growing pace and wider application prospects are expected to reach 200 million globally in 2020. Dressable equipment is expected to be a core driver for the future of the consumer electronics industry, with a combined growth rate of 12.5 per cent in 18-22, far beyond the expected growth in the telecommunications, consumer sub, pcb and fpc industries, and fpc, as one of its main materials, will be driven by downstream demand.
Double/triple penetration: double and triple cellular penetration has spread over recent years, with 52.68 per cent of dual intake in China, followed by 35 per cent and 42 per cent in the first, apple and vivo, respectively, and is expected to reach around 45 per cent globally in 2019. The increase in double penetration is stimulating demand for replacements and stimulating stock markets.
Aviating the field, coupled with the upgrading of the two-photo technology, has created demand for the upstream fpc market, stimulating future fpc releases. Automobiles/new energy vehicles: one of the current popular industries downstream of pcb is car electronics, and the trend towards future car growth is towards digitization, automation and networking, and the increasing share of car electronics in the full vehicle cost will pull up the pcb
The demand for products has increased. Currently, the use of pcb in a medium- and advanced-type vehicle has exceeded 30 pieces, while the use of fpc-related products in an ordinary car has reached more than 100, including gps positioning, cameras, etc., which require fpc soft boards. According to Prismark, the annual composite growth in electronics production in the automobile industry is expected to reach 5.1 per cent over the next four years.
This is higher than in the communications (2.9%) and consumer electronics (4.6%). Under the trend of auto-drives, the global sales of single vehicles reached 2.02 million vehicles per year, up 66.94% from the same year, benefiting from higher sales and use of new energy vehicles, and fpc as an upstream industry.
Figure 19: Global new energy by car sales and acceleration, 2016-2018 2 Excellent management team focused on the main industry 2.1 Gene Plus Corporate Culture Plus Talent Echelons
Fauscan is the world’s leading communications network equipment, cloud service equipment, sophisticated tools and industrial robotics professional design and manufacturing service, and has been working for many years in the industrial Internet intelligent manufacturing industry.
Industry leaders have been established with a wealth of communication networks, cloud services, and the accumulation of industrial experience and data from automated manufacturing. The establishment of the boom is inextricably linked to Fuscon’s success in surrogate work, and the growing trend of division of labour in the electronic manufacturing industry has allowed the response chain to become increasingly fragmented, as the mother of the electronic components, the pcb application area is very wide and the market space is very large, but the concentration of the industry is very high.
The pcb process manufacturing has many similarities with the surrogate assembly, and the unit value is at a lower level in the chain of industry, except for a few.
High-end products have a high Māori rate, outside technical barriers, and a generally low Māori rate of the largest hard plate, and are therefore highly dependent on fine management and cost control, to maximize management advantages in their operations, and to keep together with the world's top clients. Companies have established a complete system of career managers that guarantees the company's independence and long-term development.
According to the data, the company has no more than 10% of the most sophisticated related transactions with its shareholders. The chairman, Shen Qingfang, at 53 years of age, went from the bank to the pcb industry, starting with the chief financial officer, and became the chairman and ceo of the top-level holdings in 2005. Mr. Shen Qingfang has no professional industry background and holds only 1.35% of the company's shares.
As a Taiwanese company, the Ping Dynasty has been in existence for a long time.