Reverse transformer global leader, Deep Farming Capables race to harvest on the basis of light storage operations and a new energy field. The company’s main product consists of a photovoltaic invertor, with a more energy-driven, power-filled, hydrogen-energy operation.
In the first half of 2022, the photovoltaic converter business, which accounted for $5.93 billion in revenues, grew rapidly in the world, with companies leading the business of reverse changers globally. We expect 2022-2026 to be around the world.
Global light voltage will increase from 233gw to 640gw, with an average annual compound growth rate of 28.7%. According to Bloomberg's new energy finance data, the company was ranked first in 2021 at 56gw in the world's photovoltaic inverter.
Light storage is on the rise, and companies’ storage operations are on their way to harvest. New global reserves can enter the fast-growing stages, and we expect that the capacity of new global storage will grow from 48gwh in 2022-2026.
Up to 810 gwh, the average annual compound growth rate was 103%. The company relied on its customer resource and channel advantages for global photovoltaic reverse transformer products to actively develop the integrated products of the storage energy system, after years of research and investment and market opening, and the products were sold out to developed country markets such as the United Kingdom, the United States, Germany, and so forth.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the global energy storage system delivered more than 3.5 gwh worldwide.
With the accumulation of photovoltaic- and wind-related electric technologies and the advantages of research and development, the company actively deployed a new energy vehicle power and control operation, which in 2022 resulted in the delivery of a total of 600,000 electricity and controlled products, ranking fifth in the country, with the city at 5.6%.
New business such as forward-looking sheet charger products, photovoltaic transport services, and hydrogen-based electrolysis cells. Profit forecasting and valuation: the risk that the company will be able to make a net profit in 2023-2025; and the risk of turnover of receivables and credit impairment.
Based on light storage, a new energy sector, the company is a new technology focused on photovoltaic-based new energy power supply equipment with a major product package consisting of a variety of photovoltaic reverse transformers, storage systems, etc., combined with wind currents, new energy vehicle-driven systems, charging.
Equipment, renewable-energy hydrogen systems, new energy generation and intelligent energy transportation services, among others, provide the world’s first-class clean energy life-cycle solution. The company was founded in 1997 and placed on the market in 2011.
Technological innovation as a driving force for enterprise development has fostered a professional research and development team with strong R & D experience and a high level of autonomous innovation; over 20 major national science and technology projects have been undertaken, and several national standards have been drawn up, and one of the few firms in the industry with a large number of autonomous core technologies.
The company’s core product, Photovoltaic Inverters, is ranked first on the world’s list of 56gw shipments of the Sun Power Photovoltaic Inverters in several international authoritative certification bodies, including tüv, csa, and sgs. By the end of June 2022, the company had accumulated more than 269gw in reverse equipment installed in the global market.
From the company ' s product matrix, the company ' s photovoltaic reverse transformer products are mainly directed at large ground power stations (power band covers 1100-4400kw), while they relate to industrial and commercial photovoltaics (power band covers 100-320kw) and domestic photovoltaics (power band covers 10-50kw). The company ' s storage systems, storage transformers, are mainly oriented towards large storage applications.
For wind power, the company’s main product consists of a double-gift wind current, a full-power wind currenter and a medium-pressure wind transformer, with a product range covering 3-12mw.
The company ' s products consist mainly of 120 kw integrated straight stream posts, 80-240kw one direct stream post, 7kw exchange posts (country markers) and 11kw exchange posts (European markers). In hydrogen, the company ' s main distribution of electrolytic hydrogen equipment, among which is alkali water, is concentrated.
Hydrogen production capacity of 1000 nm3/h by electrolytic hydrogen equipment and 200 nm3/h by electrolytic hydrogen equipment by electrolytic equipment.
For hybrid power vehicles, hem33 series, new energy vehicles, light commercial vehicles
ep30 series, auxiliary controller, ea50 series
Ea51 series 120kw integrated straight-flow post 120kw, 380v input voltage
One straight post, 240kw one direct post, 80-240kw, 380v input voltage
120kw/160kw one direct stream pillar 80kw/160kw national network rectangular pillar 7kw exchange pillar 200v input voltage
11kw exchange post (e-bill) - 400v lost 7kw/11kw exchange post (national flag/e-bill) alkali hydrolytic hydrogen decomposition equipment
Hydrogen production capacity 1000nm3/h pem electrolytic hydrogen production capacity 200nm3/h
The firm’s equity structure shows that Mr. Cao In-hyun, who actually controls the company, holds 31.5% of the company’s shares, both directly and indirectly. The company’s management is experienced in the industry, is skilled, and has developed a new energy industry for more than 20 years.
Mr. Cao In-hyun, who has focused on renewable energy generation for over 20 years, is a well-known expert in the solar and wind power industry in our country and serves as President of the China Association of Photovoltaic Industries, Vice-President of the Chinese Power Society, President of the New Energy Association of Anhui Province, Vice-President of the General Chamber of Commerce of Anhui Province, and Professor of Ph.D. at the University of Fertilizer Industries.
On May 13, 2022, the company issued a Repurchase Equity Program and Equity Incentive Scheme to buy back the company’s 5-10 million shares with $5 to $1 billion of its own capital.
Shares, repurchase prices of up to $100 per share, for employee stock-holding schemes; and plans to grant incentives, benefiting from the high performance of the new energy industry, with high growth in company performance.
Millions of yuan, or 48.3 per cent of revenues, are the company’s first largest business. There has been a rapid increase in storage systems, with 2.39 billion yuan, or 19.4 per cent, in the first half of the year.
Prices, exchange rate fluctuations impact, with a decline in the gross profit rate from 35 per cent in 2020 to the first half of 2022. Medium-carbon trends, with companies benefiting from accelerated global new energy growth, a shift in the global energy structure to a low-carbon one, and a steady increase in the volume of photovoltaic machines.
As photovoltaic technology matures and the energy crisis in various parts of the world has highlighted, photovoltaics have gradually become the main source of energy for new power plants and have grown rapidly. By the end of 2021, the global total of solar power generation had accumulated to 940gw, and photovoltaic power had become the fastest growing renewable source of energy in the world – the 21st year.
Adders, 168gw, account for 56 per cent of new renewable energy sources worldwide. But on the scale of power generation, photovoltaics account for a relatively small share of the electricity market, accounting for only 3.7 per cent of total global electricity generation in 2021, and will be huge in the future in power-replacement space.
In 2022, China recorded a record high of 87.41gw light voltage, with a projected global increase of approximately 233gw in 2022, an increase of 38.7 per cent over the same period.
Large ground power stations, far from the load centre, are characterized by large sizes, multiple ground-based site selection options, and the expansion of new land use patterns, including mountain bodies, beach coatings, marshes, Gobis, deserts, etc.
The power stations, characterized by small size, speed of construction, fast investment, and greater flexibility. In the history of photovoltaic development, concentration and distribution are largely parallel, with a concentration capacity of more than 50% and a distribution of more than 40%. We expect a global concentration of light in 2022.
A total of 107gw, or 46 per cent, was installed, and a total of 126gw, or 54 per cent, was distributed. It is expected that the domestic concentration will go hand in hand with the distribution. In 2022, there was a 59 per cent increase in the number of new photovoltaics in the country, with a concentration of 36.3gw, or 41.5 per cent, and a distribution of 51.11gw, or 58.5 per cent, which is the highest in history.
In 2022, the amount of domestic photovoltaics was 25.26gw, or 49.4 per cent, in the domestic distribution of additional units, and the volume of industrial and commercial photovoltaics was 25.85gw, or 50.6 per cent, reflecting the rapid rise in the domestic distribution of photovoltaics and household use ratios, reflecting the economic and market potential of the distribution of photovoltaics in the broader context of the energy transition, while the other side had economic and market potential.
It is also due to the increase in the cost of the industrial chain as a result of the shortage of silicon supplies in 2022, and the delay in the construction of concentrated photovoltaics after the passive increase in the price of the components. We expect that, as the future supply-demand balance of the various links in the industrial chain is restored, domestic photovoltaics will show a high growth trend driven by a concentrated and distributed two-wheel drive.
Europe is one of the major global markets for photovoltaics and a firm promoter of the transformation of clean energy. In 2021, Europe ' s photovoltaic additions were about 25.9gw, with a distribution pattern of 16.8gw, or about 65%. In 2022, in the context of the Russian-Turkish conflict, the price of electricity was higher for European residents.
Incentives for distributed photovoltaic demand, according to the European Association of Photovoltaic Industries, with a total of 41.4gw installed in 2022 in EU-27, we expect 48gw installed in Europe in 2022, with a distributed photovoltage of 31.2gw, or about 65%.
By the end of 2022, the U.S. had achieved a photovoltaic build-up of about 143gw, the third largest market for global photovoltaic aggregates, after China and Europe. In 2022, the US added 20.2gw light voltage, a 26% decline in the same year, with a distribution of 8.4gw light voltage.
41.6%, the overall drop in installed capacity is mainly influenced by import control factors such as the uflpa, ad/cvd survey. For photovoltaic power, the share of U.S. photovoltaic power in total electricity generation was 4.7% in 2022, and it is at a distance from the “solar+decade” target of the Solar Energy Industry Association (Seia) - solar power generation will take place in 2030.
The inverter industry has continued to increase in concentration, the industry's champions have continued to grow, and the global GPV market is now dominated by domestic firms, with sunlight power sources and China maintaining the world from 2015 to the present.
By the end of June 2022, companies had accumulated in the global market over 269gw.
In 2021, China’s market share of major reversible manufacturers was 76%, an increase of 28 percentage points from 48% in 2019. The output of Chinese reversible brands gradually widened the gap between foreign competitors.
Inverse product unit prices are 0.23/0.23/0.21/0.16/w, respectively, and the decline in unit prices is largely in response to the demand for photovoltaic Internet access by the industry, as well as technological drops and market competition for large single power.
Variable products are oriented towards large-scale terrestrial power stations, directed towards large customers and high power, resulting in lower unit prices for products.
In 2022, the storage industry has entered a phase of scale development, with the new energy-generating power generation as a major application of the new storage system. As the share of new energy generation has increased, the storage capacity has increased.
In some cases, major countries and regions around the world have adopted the development of storage energy as an important component of the energy revolution, introducing a series of policies to promote the development of storage capacity, enhancing its economics by clarifying the market position of storage capacity, subsidizing it or providing tax relief, thereby boosting demand for storage capacity-building.
In contrast to conventional energy, the prevalence of intermittent and volatile power generation from renewable sources, such as photovoltaics and wind power, requires storage to be accompanied by smooth and stable power systems. Storage can provide “load regulation, storage of electricity, matching of new energy access, compensating for wire damage, power compensation, improvement of electrical quality, stand-alone operation, and cutting of peak filling valleys”.
As the share of new energy rises, storage will be an indispensable role in future power systems, and the cost of storage energy systems will decline rapidly as storage technology advances. The price of phosphate lithium (lfp) batteries will fall by almost 90% between 2010 and 2021, life cycle will nearly triple, and the cost of generating storage energy will decline rapidly and become a storage capacity.
Development provides internal power. The economic advantage of storage power, driven by the continuous growth of internal and external power generation, has become more pronounced, leading to a rapid increase in the size of the global storage capacity in recent years. In 2023, we are expected to add 200% to our new storage capacity.
Electrical and chemical storage can add up to 15.3 gwh to the new storage capacity, and we expect to add 45.9gwh to our new storage capacity in 2023, an increase of 200% over the same period; and our new storage capacity in 2026, China - the new storage capacity is showing rapid growth.
As the system of domestic policies to support storage capacity continues to improve, major breakthroughs have been made in storage technology, and storage standards have accelerated.
In total, more than 600 policies have been put in place throughout the year, covering storage planning, implementation programmes, market mechanisms, technology research and development, and security regulations.
The total size of the storage capacity requirement is 20gw/51gwh. Of this, Xinjiang is the largest with 7gw/23gwh. The size of new energy reserves in Shandong, Henan, Qinghai, Gansu, etc. is also over 4gwh. The mandatory storage policy accelerates the development of large domestic reserves.
Notification of increased grid-connection of renewable energy generation enterprises by building or purchasing their own capacity to build or upgrade their own capacity to increase their grid-connected capacity beyond the guaranteed grid scale of grid-connected enterprises to a 15 per cent power-connected ratio (over 4 hours) and a 20 per cent linkage ratio at an early stage
Local governments then introduced their own stock policies, and the country’s large reserve markets entered a period of rapid growth. The country’s consumer side savings are already on a commercial footing, and peak price differential arbitrage supports the user side savings.
Since July 2021, when the National Development and Reform Commission issued the Circular on the Further Improvement of the Timetime Prices Mechanism, 31 provinces and municipalities have implemented time-consuming price reforms, with peak-rate differentials as the best source of revenue for side storage. In 2022, the policy of subsidizing side storage capacity for users became a frequent feature of local efforts to invest in projects and accelerate the pace of industrial decline.
The price differentials in the valley have further increased the pull-up of industrial and industrial energy storage units. According to the China-Korea Union of Energy Industries, 2022
Since the beginning of the year, 16 provinces and cities of the country have achieved an average price difference of RMB 0.70/kwh for the economics of the commercial reserves, with Guangdong Province (1.26/kwh in the city of Pearl Delta V), Hainan Province (1.07/kwh), Zhejiang (0.98/kwh) among the top three. The number of provinces and municipalities that reached the threshold difference was further raised in February-March 2023.
The current trend of increasing price differentials in the valley remains unchanged, with the establishment of peak-price mechanisms in some regions, which provide greater space for business and industry storage, and successively release storage capacity planning.
Twenty-six provinces and cities have planned new storage capacity targets for the “14th Five-Year” period, with a total size of about 71gw, and nearly twice the size of the planned aircraft in each locality compared to the national plan (30gw). Of these, 10 provinces and cities, namely Shanxi, Shandong, Zhejiang, have set up 216 new storage capacity demonstration projects with a total size of 22.2gw.
In Europe, high energy prices led to a surge in the size of household storage machines, which increased at a combined rate of 64 per cent in Europe between 2015 and 2021. In 2021, the new installation of the European household storage capacity market reached 2.3gwh, an increase of 107 per cent compared to the previous year, accounting for about 60 per cent of the additional storage capacity in Europe in that year.
gwh. The top four storage markets in Europe in 2021 were Germany, Italy, Austria and the United Kingdom, with a combined loading of 1.93gwh, or about 84% of those installed in Europe in that year. Of these, German domestic storage machines reached 1.35gwh, or about 2022 in Europe, affected by the Russian-Turkish conflict, exacerbating the European energy crisis, natural gas and oil prices.
This has led to a more than three-fold increase in electricity prices for residents in several countries in Europe, adding the incentive effect of subsidy policies, leading to a surge in the size of the European household storage market. The European Photovoltaic Association (Spe) expects that the European household storage capacity will reach 3.9-5.2gwh in 2022, and that the accumulated household storage capacity in Europe will reach 10.0gwh by the end of 2022.
Europe’s light storage penetration rate is rising rapidly. Europe’s new roofs have already reached 27% in 2021. Of this, Germany has the highest household storage penetration rate, 70%. With lower system costs and higher electricity prices, the intra-household rate of return will continue to increase, further stimulating the rapid growth of household storage.
Europe’s buildings are still not equipped with roof photovoltaic systems, and there will still be a significant increase in European household storage capacity in the future, and European storage markets will grow rapidly with the rapid penetration of European households. We expect Europe’s reserves to grow by 28gwh in 2023, reaching 185gwh by 2026, with an average compound growth rate of 87% by 2023-2026.
US - A number of supportive policies have been put in place that will lead to a period of rapid growth, and storage is an inevitable option for the US to maintain the security and stability of the power system and reduce the cost of electricity use. The US has a highly marketed power system, 84% of electricity is provided by private investors and 12% by state governments.
In order to guarantee the benefits of investment, American companies have adopted the cheapest set-up model. Recent years have posed a major challenge to the stability of electricity supply as extreme weather events and the rapid upswing of photovoltaic installations.
The US government has put in place a number of policies to promote high-speed growth in storage capacity. The US allowed small storage capacity to be used as a tool in 2018.
The Beest Act of 2019 provides $1 billion in funding. Since 2021, the Biden government has successively launched the "$2 trillion infrastructure plan" with an extension of the period of storage of an intc and ptc for 10 years, the "long-term storage capacity closing" of $11.6 billion.
The Building Goodness Act provides subsidies for storage capacity, tax credits, etc., to encourage storage capacity policies. The ira Act is expected to jump-start the installation of American storage capacity.
In August 2022, the United States introduced the Inflation Reduction Act (ira), which plans for climate change and regeneration.
The source area invested $369 billion and for the first time included the independent reserve in the subsidy of the investment tax credit (itc). After the release of the ira, it will be extended by a rate of 30% for a period of 10 years, gradually downhill after 2033, and will be exempted from the restriction of matching the corresponding solar charge rates.
With the stimulus of the Ra Act, demand in the US storage capacity market will follow a rapid increase in light-voltage machines. We expect a new 38gwh in 2023 and an average compound increase of 197gwh by 2023-2026.
As one of the first companies in the country to be involved in the field of storage, the Sunshine Power Pool, which is leading the way, was officially deployed in 2014 and is widely used in many countries, such as China, the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, Japan, Australia and India.
The company focuses on large-scale energy storage system products, mainly for power side and industrial storage. The storage energy system has significant synergies with photovoltaic operations. The core equipment of the storage energy system includes storage energy reversors (pcs), lithium batteries, battery management systems (bms), energy management systems (ems), etc., the technology core of which is storage.
The company’s photovoltaic converter (pcs) business is a global leader, with unique advantages in high-performance, low-cost electric domain. The company’s layout in the field of storage is mainly integrated into the storage system, with good synergies with existing photovoltaic operations in the procurement of raw materials and end-courses.
The company's energy storage system is operated by a no-chip strategy, the company's energy system integration is implemented by a no-chip strategy, focusing on power core electrical technologies such as power switching, control and storage energy, the system's direct flow security management.
Battery companies work closely together, including the Ninder era, billion latitudes of lithium energy, pelican energy, and three stars abroad, sdi. According to ihsmarkit, the world’s new storage systems are ranked according to the 2021 global power capacity statistics. The three companies before the assembly are Fluence (11%), Tesla (8%), Nec (8%) and Sunshine Power.
After years of forward-looking business layouts and research and development inputs, the sun power source, according to the 2021 Eesa statistics, ranked first in China’s storage system in terms of global output of about 3,000 mwh; according to the Sobi storage network, the power source is the largest in China.
The company’s global storage system was once again ranked first among Chinese companies. The company’s storage system was growing rapidly. The global delivery of the company’s storage system exceeded in the first three quarters of 2022, with 2,386 million yuan in revenues in the first half of the year, an increase of 159%, with 2022h1 having a Māori rate for system operations.
The performance and efficiency of new energy motors directly affect the performance of electric vehicles, typically requiring high energy density, feedback, high-speed bandwidth and low-speed torque; electrical controllers (electric controls)
The main role is to receive instructions from whole-car controllers, and then to control the speeds and shifts of power drivers, generally seeking high control accuracy, high dynamic response rates, high reliability and high safety.
Reverse transformers have a technological homogeneity. The company relies on the accumulation of electrical and electronic technologies for more than 20 years to enter the market for new energy vehicles, power-drive bridges, vehicle chargers, dcdc, and integration programmes.
The main clients are the vans that are used for pure electric power, small- and medium-sized commercial vehicles, as well as passenger cars, logistics cars, etc. The main customers are the vans that have been installed in general Mitsubishi, Chirín, Jiang bell, Golden Dragon, Ankai, etc. The main suppliers are the Mitsubishi macromini, the unit price of which is around $1,000.
In 2022, the number of cars sold was 554,000, the world’s champion of small, pure electric cars. With the growth in sales by large customers, the sales of corporate electricity are expected to rise rapidly, and, according to Ne-age data, the delivery of solar power, 2022, passed by 600,000, which is higher than the growth.
In the domestic electricity and control market, there are two main types of companies that supply their own power plants and third parties. The main plants, Biadi and Tesla, provide their own electricity and control products, with the two highest rates. Sun power, as a third-party supplier, was the fifth largest in the country in 2022, with the city accounting for 5.6 per cent.
Since entering the electric car industry, sunlight power has won such honours as the China Industrial Design Red Star Award, the 2015 Award for Excellence in Electrical Vehicle Technology, and the Best Design of the Red Dot Award for one of the three world's design awards.
We can start a new round of high growth in the construction of a power-filled pillar in the context of double carbon.
The exchange grid is connected, and the output end is connected to the car through a charge plug, which leads to a different type of electric car charge based on different voltage levels. As the “double carbon” goal moves forward, the construction of the charger posts in the country is expected to start a new round of high growth.
Research and consultation data indicate that, by the end of 2022, we had 1.79 million public and private charge-in-posts. According to the China Union for the Promotion of Electric Automobile Recharge Infrastructure, by the end of 2026, our market for the recharge-in-charged plant is expected to be 28.702 billion yuan, with a combined annual growth rate of 2021-2026.
The pre-research of the charger was started and the charger department was formally established in 2020. The current product type consists of 120 kw collection, 80-240kw one direct stream post, 7kw exchange post (national flag) and 11kw exchange post (European flag).
The power efficiency of photovoltaic power stations depends to a large extent on the cleanness of components, and dust and dirt affect power generation.
The greatest risk to efficiency. The accumulation of dust on components increases heat resistance to the components, affects evaporation, and leads to a decline in output power. The benefits of photovoltaic power plants need to be guaranteed by increasing power generation. The benefits of photovoltaic power stations are directly determined by the rate of return of investors, and the efficiency of photovoltaic cell conversion is increased with the same investment conditions.
One percentage point, with a chance of reducing the cost of power generation for battery assemblies by about 5%. The construction of a self-carriage operator by a photovoltaic operator would be at the expense of a huge human cost, whether from the development of a professional technical team or from the preparation of supplies and spare parts, the operator would contract a transporter to a third party to transport the Wiep.
The company has taken over 14.5 gw of the new power station maintenance project, accumulated a wealth of photovoltaic power stations, wind farms, storage power carriers, and customised mature and efficient transport solutions for different types of power stations. The company has the first independent research and development team in the industry to develop a professional Solareye Smart Energy Camp platform to achieve the present.
Field operations data and transports are digitized and visualized. At the same time, in the course of field transportation, advanced technologies such as drone inspection, component hot spot/el detection, smart cleansing analysis are widely applied, ensuring that the transport is carried.
The integration of power stations into the traditional business provides synergies for companies to provide maintenance services for new photovoltaic power plants. Forelooking investments in hydrogen energy and early deployment of new and efficient energy technologies for the next generation have now resulted in the issuance of policy programmes for hydrogen energy development in nearly 30 provinces and municipalities.
The region has put in place an overall hydrogen energy industry development policy and a special hydrogen fuel vehicle sector policy that integrates hydrogen-related development planning into overall energy development or the province’s 1455 plan. Hydrogen energy demand has greater scope.
The annual production of national hydrogen energy is expected to reach 3,715,000 tons, or about 5% of end-use energy consumption; renewable hydrogen production is about 5 million tons, and the deployment of electrolytes is about 80gw. Annual demand for hydrogen energy will increase to around 130 million tons in 2060 carbon and vision, representing about 20% of end-use energy consumption.
The area remains the largest, accounting for about 7794 million tons of hydrogen, or 60 per cent of total hydrogen demand; transport, for 4,051 million tons of hydrogen, construction, 5.85 million tons of hydrogen, and electricity generation and grid balance, for 6 million tons of hydrogen.
The company actively signed a photovoltaic hydrogen demonstration project and launched a demonstration base for a multi-module hydrogen system in Sunshine Garden, including 647.28 kw light voltage systems, 230kwh storage energy systems, 1 100 nm3/h hydrogen assembly platinum and 50 kw hydrogen fuel cell power generation system.
In June 2021, the company set up a fully-owned subsidiary, Sunshine Hydrogen Energy Technology Ltd., to speed up hydrogen energy operations, and to build an annual gw-grade hydrogen equipment plant in the high-yielding area to meet the needs for research and development, production of hydrogen power, alk/pem hydrogen-based devices, and intelligent hydrogen energy management systems. In addition, the company's green-electric hydrogen systems are located in Gilin, Gilling.
The application of multi-surface photovoltaic and wind-based hydrogen projects such as Ningxia and Nemon, which successfully delivered 1,000 nm3/h alkaline hydrolytic hydrogen systems to Gillingbeth City, helped build the “North Hydrogen Valley of China” and is expected to create synergies with light storage integration in the future.
Significant growth in corporate revenue and profits is evident and significant ahead of their counterparts. Figure 43: Comparison of net return profits of companies with some of their counterparts (billion yuan) Net interest rate of 9.6 per cent in the first three quarters of the year.
The products are oriented towards large terrestrial power stations, while the products of the storage energy system are oriented towards large storage sites, with higher storage power and low unit cost than distributed light. 2. The company ' s business is more widely configured, with a low Māori rate of power station system operations and a higher yield ratio, leading to a lower overall profit rate for the company.
In terms of operating liquidity, the company ' s 2021 inventory, accounts receivable and accounts payable days were 1 61/130/147, and the indicators have remained stable in recent years, with the company operating more efficiently. On the cash side, the net cash flow of the company ' s operations since 2021 has shifted from positive to negative, mainly due to the expansion of the company ' s operations and the expansion of projects.
Figure 47: Comparison of net operating cash flows (millions of yuan)
Inputs and R & D costs have been rising year by year, with companies spending 5.22% on R & D in the first three quarters of 2022, at medium level in the industry. With the expansion of corporate revenue, corporate leverage will be effectively released, and we expect cost rates to be effectively controlled.
Figure 52: Comparison of sales costs by industry (%): Comparison of R & D costs by industry (%)
Sunshine power, as the leading in-industry inverser supplier, has accumulated over 75/37 per cent/23 per cent in a number of countries around the world, with strong brand advantages and channel layouts, especially in mature markets where competition is more competitive and value-adding.
At the same time, companies are leading the global storage system, with a rapid shift in demand across the industry, and in a trend toward a combination of light storage, the company’s preponderance of light and storage power provides stronger security for growth. In terms of profitability, as raw materials, i.e., gbt, are being phased out, large-scale light-reversers are delivering.
There is a high proportion of R & D inputs at the firm level, and industry is still leading. In the R & D and industrialization of new company products leading the market on a relatively non-standard market track, with a strong demand downstream and less stress on raw materials, companies are more profitable.
Sales: Corporate products include centralized inverters, business light-voltage inverters, and home-based light-voltage inverters, while companies are expanding their customers and channels abroad and promoting high sales of corporate inverters in 2022-2025.
In the context of the global build-up in the energy industry, companies are expanding their customers and channels abroad, pushing the public forward, with prices falling upstream in 2023, the pressure on profits is expected to subside. In the future, the company’s power station system will integrate and hold power.
As the industry continues to grow, it is expected that the company will continue to secure its base plate. Sales: the company’s new energy power plant development operations include photovoltaic and wind power.
With the benefits of the explosion in the electric vehicle market and the thermal sale of macrolight Mini, it is expected that the company's load of charge-post/mechanical controls will sustain high-speed growth; the company's greatest advantage as a third-party photovoltaic carrier is its reliance on inverters and photovoltaic power station collections.
Under these assumptions, we expect the company to realize a net return profit by 2022-2025, taking into account the company ' s business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuation methods to estimate the company ' s reasonableness.
A 3 per cent risk-free rate and a 6.5 per cent equity risk premium have been calculated, resulting in a Wacc rate of 8.93 per cent.A sensitivity analysis for the absolute valuation, which is more sensitive than for the wacc and constant growth rates, is presented in the following table.
The company's main business is photovoltaic inverters, storage systems and investment in new energy power plants, among others, and we've chosen to compare two types of companies with similar or similar businesses: 1) one type is business related to photovoltaic inverter technology, German shares and solidity, and three companies are photovoltaic.
The product is mainly oriented towards business and household photovoltaic markets, which coincides with the application of some of the solar-powered photovoltaic products. From a gross profit ratio, the combined gross profit on photovoltaic and storage energy operations of companies reached over 80% in 2023 and is therefore comparable.
2) We have chosen the same main business for upper-energy electrical, gold-plate technology, Southnet technology, and cohua data. At present, the solar power storage system products are geared towards large-scale storage in high-power sectors, and also for industrial and commercial storage as well as household storage capacity.
The system is oriented towards large storage capacity in high-power segments, with a high degree of overlap in applications. From the point of view of the gross profit ratio for storage operations, companies are able to grow rapidly, the gross profit ratio is rapidly increasing their contribution performance, overall comparability.
We have adopted absolute valuation and relative valuation methods, and a combination of multiple angles to arrive at a reasonable valuation of the company based on certain assumptions.
the calculation of the free cash flow for several years, the calculation of the weighted average capital cost (wacc), the assumption of tv and the comparative public optimism that led to the valuation
The selection of the Division's valuation parameters has been integrated into the judgement of many individuals, which has led to a high risk of bias in the valuation; and a higher than actual forecast of income and profitability.
(b) We assume that the weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on the firm's absolute valuation, assuming a risk-free rate of 3.0 per cent and a risk premium of 6.5 per cent in the calculation of Wacc, and that there may still be low estimates or take values for these parameters,
(b) We assume that in the next 10 years the company will grow by 2 per cent, that the industry in which the company is located may make significant adverse changes in the next 10 years, and that the company's continued growth is actually low or negative, leading to an overvaluation of the company's valuation.
Relative valuation: we have selected companies that are doing the same or similar business, including: Gudway, German shares, Journey Science and Technology, comparing valuation indicators for high-energy electrical, gold-plate technology, Nannet Science and Technology and Cohua data, and selecting comparable company averages for 2023 as a reference for relative valuation, taking into account the company's leading position and the value of the company
The risk of optimism and, in turn, of overestimating performance over the next three years. The Division’s underestimated cost and Maori overestimates have led to higher than actual projections of corporate profits over the next three years, and there may also be a risk of overestimation of performance over the next few years if global photovoltaic storage capacity is not installed as expected.
Risk of price fluctuations in raw materials: The raw materials needed for the production of the company’s main product, photovoltaic reverse transformers, are mainly electronic components, structures, and accessories. As a result of the epidemic, the global trading environment and international logistics have changed considerably, markets face imbalances in supply and demand, logistics constraints, etc., and then lead to specific electricity for companies such as transistors.
For the time being, this type of electronic device cannot be replaced entirely by imports, stability, technical indicators, etc. If future suppliers of materials upstream of the company continue to experience untimely supply or substantially increase the price of raw materials, the company will have access to it.
Receivable turnover and credit impairment risk: As the domestic market rapidly develops, companies increase their sales of products, and because domestic photovoltaic industries are characterized by subsidy arrears, large project amounts, long payment cycles, and faster growth in corporate business will lead to faster growth in receivables and a certain return risk, so public
The Division has a certain risk in the return of receivables and cash flow, with a net cash flow of $1.64 billion from corporate operations in 2021, a net cash flow of -2.9 billion from business operations in the first three quarters of 2022, a firm that has developed a strict credit management system and credit sales policy to protect against risks and speed up the flow of funds, and a credit impairment.
The risk of exchange rate fluctuations: the share of export business continues to grow as corporate reverse sales abroad continue to grow, and corporate external sales revenue is mainly in United States dollars, euro as the main accounting currency, while corporate financial statements are kept in the books of accounts.
The currency is the renminbi. If the country’s foreign-exchange policy changes, or its exchange-rate level fluctuates significantly, it may have a negative impact on the company’s product exports and business performance.
The company’s product is mainly exported, the export refund policy has a greater impact on the company’s operations, and future trade friction, China’s export refund policy may change, leading to a climate of uncertainty about the company’s operations.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them