Age Electric (688187.sh) has experienced steady growth in turn-over operations, with sustained breakthroughs in new equipment operations and 19.26 per cent over the same period; and net return returns of $2,556 million, or 26.67 per cent over the same period.
The company q4 has achieved a revenue of $7,158 million in the first quarter, an increase of 8.54 per cent in the same year; a net return of $993 million, an increase of 21.81 per cent in the same year.
In the rail transport industry, new investments in INT mobile equipment have continued to be low, and companies have made every effort to develop new products and new markets while ensuring product delivery and maintaining a solid market position.
As the leading supplier of towed current systems in the domestic orbital transport industry, the company held the highest position in the domestic market for 11 consecutive years in 2012-2022. In key technologies, the Cr450 attack was highly efficient and lightly quantified.
Yearly industry leads, the “City in Business” strategy has worked well, with first-ever breakthroughs in several cities, such as Changchun and Dongjung; overhauls and overseas operations have received the highest/minimum price in Europe and the Americas, respectively, within 52 weeks.
In 2022, the company received $5,147 million in new equipment, an increase of 10.09 per cent, of which the igbt module was delivered.
Middle-Change Electric Motors Research is leading the market in the field of transhipment, grids, with the highest share in the country; the new energy market is breaking through the seventh generation of super fine ditch stmos technology, and semiconductor II production is continuing.
Upgrade, semiconductor phase III project is moving fast; new power is being sold year-round, and in line with Ne-era statistics, it ranks six in the top six of the industry year-round, successfully developing 250kw high-pressure oil coolsic motor drive: a new bill in the light-voltage-reverse transformer business in the country.
10gw, successful delivery of the country's first all-line home-grown heat-drilling project, uninhabited mine cards, security clearance and launch of the world's first 55-cubic, super-large power shovel-to-frequency system based on SMART; new orders from the domestic market for marine equipment to speed up the opening
Deep-sea Rhodes electric revolution, commercialization of a shallow-water dredging machine, adherence to the strategy of “synergy” and the creation of a new growth point. On the basis of the firm's efforts to boost orbital traffic, the company is actively setting up other industries: in the area of industrial variability.
The company is in the forefront of the industry in such sub-sectors as mine-card power drive, air-conditioning transformers, and actively expands on new energy equipment such as photovoltaic converters, wind transformers, storage power transformers, hydrogen-making power sources, where photovoltaic reverse transformers rise strongly, with a mid-month ranking of 3rd.
First, the country ranked top four in the industry by the top 10gw in the year. The new power motor system installed over 167,000 units year-on-year, with a rapidly increasing load and market share, and a domestic market ranked first six in the industry.
Intra-markets are the first, with new energy vehicles, wind power and photovoltaics at the forefront of the industry. The trade in rail equipment is not growing as expected, new business is not growing as expected, market competition is increasing, and macroeconomic and industrial policy changes are at risk.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.