The recovery started with the start of new equipment operations, which continued to be active, 22 years after the start of track operations in 2023, and 23 years after the start of the recovery.
\triangleright \triangleright’s new investment in mobile equipment continues to be low, but while companies guarantee product delivery and secure market position, they do everything in their power to open new markets. The 22-year turnover received $12,656 million, an increase of 3.30%.
In addition, new products such as power supply systems, submersible robots, test stations, etc. have been ordered. For 23 years, we think it should be done.
S-010521120004 Focusing on the recovery of the transhipment, as domestic passenger and cargo traffic continues to pick up, the company ' s rail transport operations are expected to improve.
igbt has a bright business, and the sic device is in effect. The company collected S010,52209008,835 million dollars (Yoy+71.82%) in 22 years of power semiconductors (and behind the table).
With the high demand in the igbt market, the new production line has helped to further increase the size of the igbt harvest. On the sic side, companies have also continued to increase the commercialization of sic research and development. The new energy vehicle sic module is being continuously validated.
Twenty-five thousand units per year, with a full capacity of between 100,000 and 120,000 units, will also be evaluated in the future in the semiconductor three phase of the project ' s energy layout: three-quarter performance performance, igbt, electric drive, photovoltage reserve for the switch of igbt and sic.
2. Time Electric (68817.sh) event review: the igbt sword and other new equipment break-throughs.
\triangleright refers to the global market, with a massive expansion to secure a new energy supply of 2022 litres.
Automobile power drive; 19 new production lines for sensor operations, continuously increasing production capacity and significantly increasing delivery; Industry 3. Electrics of the Age (68817.sh) mid-2022 reported an evaluation: Flux Products, a new single over 10gw for photovoltaic reverse transformer operations in the country, launching the first global set based on permanence
Rapid deployment of new equipment operations such as igbt to create 55-cubic ultra-large power shovel-to-frequency systems for the growth of new direct-drive technologies; new multiple orders in the domestic market for marine equipment plus engines - 2022/08/28
A rapid revolution in deep-sea rov electro-dynamics. In this, company-driven, industrial-transformation products, among other things, are new equipment operations that are forecast: q2 performance meets expectations, new energy dynamics have a clear competitive advantage and are expected to expand the company’s new growth curve.
Review: q1 performed well beyond expectations, new equipment operations performed brightly, new equipment areas such as electric power drives, sensors, etc. were active, opening up new engines for growth. “Recommended” ratings were maintained.
\triangleright Business progresses below the expected risk. Methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.