BluesTech (300433) Precision manufacturing platform layout, ai terminal and auto electronics all 29 October 2024
• Lead in glass structures, building sophisticated manufacturing platforms in the electronics industry: Lancet is the leading intelligent equipment structure and functionality manufacturer in the industry, with companies working on the basis of glass structures.
Through self-research, acquisition and cooperation, the development of structures such as ceramics, metals, sapphires, plastics, and the assembly of functional products and smart phones, while expanding from the consumer electronics to the auto industry, has accumulated apples, Samsung, Mi, oppo, Hua, Glory, Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, Tesla and Tesla.
BMW, Mercedes, Audi, Popular, Biade, Ideal, Uri, Little Peng, among other well-known clients. In 2023, the company achieved operating income of $5,491 million, yoy+16.69%; net return profits were realized — positive control of the end-of-ai trend — and vertical integration was upgraded: with the speed of the technology –
Progress, according to idc, is projected to reach 170 million cell phones in 2024, with a penetration rate of 15%, and aipc with a penetration rate of more than 50%. The upgrading of the market for hardware and software in aai is expected to benefit businesses that pre-position new materials applications, structures, modules, and assembly.
In August 2020, the company acquired a large-scale client processing business that became a major consumer of electronics after the glass plate.
The company invested $3 billion to build an intelligent terminal project at the Xialanth, to enter the smart, cell phone whole assembly market, and to harvest the rice cellular order that day, and then to cut it into Mi.
• Auto-smartity drives vehicle screen growth: in the trend towards car intelligence, single-car screen
The volume will increase steadily. According to the congenial consulting statistics, the total volume of the global car panel market in the first half of 2024 was 110 million pieces, an increase of about 11% over the same year, and the omdia projected the vehicle screen market to BluesTech (300433), a report in the first quarter of 2021.
By 2030, it will reach 238 million pieces. The company expands on automobile glass products and other vehicle-borne products, taking stock: vertical integration works well, growing robustly, and expanding charger posts, precision metal structures of power cells, etc., and automobile operations are growing rapidly.
During the year, the company ' s new energy vehicles and smart cabins generated operating revenues of $4,998 million, generated partnerships between public and domestic brands of new energy sources and traditional luxury automobiles, and covered the entire chain of technology development to produce and supply goods, which is expected to create a second growth curve beyond consumer electronics.
The upgrading of end-of-ai innovation and the development of auto electricization, for the first time, was covered with a “buy-in” rating.
LansyTech is the leading industrial smart equipment structure and functionality manufacturer, which, based on glass structures, has developed, through self-research, acquisition and cooperation, structures and functional products such as ceramics, metals, sapphires, plastics, etc., and smart cellular assembly, while expanding from consumer electronics to automobiles, and has now accumulated apples and triples.
Stars, Mi, opo, vivo, Hua, Glory, Tesla, BMW, Mercedes, Odys, Porsche, Popular, Biade, Hiromo, Upper Steam, Ideas, Uri, Peng, etc. The stock structure is stable, with the founder taking the helm.
62.25% of the company's shares, of which Ms. Zhou Qun Fei is its chairman and its realist. Since the company was founded, the company's management, with Zhou Quan Fei and Jung Jun Long at its core, has continued to evolve and has become a global production base in terms of size, performance and business layout.
Production bases for R & D have been set up in places such as Viet Nam, and in Hong Kong, China, South Korea, the United States of America, etc., to provide services to global clients in order to respond quickly and better meet their needs for R & D, production and services.
The company’s overall profitability is stretched by the combination of investment in and construction of the expansionary assembly operations of the metal structural services, public health events blocking the product’s downstream delivery belt, power restrictions, supply chain lack of cores, and other negative factors. This followed with the gradual release of new business capacity, the end of public health events, and the improvement of the lack of cores environment in 2022.
In the second half of the year, profits began to improve on a seasonal basis and entered a new up-front period. In 2023, companies insisted on innovation in research and development, customer supremacy, vertical integration of the industrial chain through a whole-of-the-board assembly, and continued to raise the issue of how companies optimized the disclosure of key business classifications in the context of business development and product innovation.
Companies disclosed smart phones and computers, new energy vehicles and smart seats, smart head displays and smart suits, other types of smart terminals and other operations, with a corresponding decline in sales rates of 83.2 per cent, 9.4 per cent, 5.0 per cent and Māori in the first half of 2024, respectively, but the company insisted on reducing the cost of these controls by a similar rate for the same period, with Māori rates in 2023.
In July 2023, the company issued a restrictive stock incentive scheme, and the company presented it to its directors, senior managers, and nuclears.
A total of 3,097 hardcore employees awarded a restricted stock of 53,159.9 million shares, representing some of the company ' s equity capital at the time of the draft incentive announcement, actively managing the end-of-ai trend, vertically integrating business upgrades as large-language model products and generation-ai applications are rolled out and upgraded, allowing the market to access the technology.
A growing number of brands are showing a greater interest in the development and market of ai mobile phones, aipcs, which provide users with more personalized and intelligent human interaction, content retrieval, content generation and editing, voice and text translation, etc., which greatly enhances the usefulness and user experience of smart devices.
There will be 170 million shipments, with a penetration rate of 15 per cent, and aipc with a penetration rate of over 50 per cent. The uplifting of the market for software and hardware is expected to benefit businesses that preposition new material applications, structures, modules and assembly.
According to the market research institute idc, global smartphone sales reached 574.8 million in the first half of 2024, an increase of over 7% compared to the previous year, signalling that the smartphone market has re-emerged after nearly three years of decline.ai In the era, new forms of penetration, such as smartphone hardware and hardware, have gradually increased as smartphones have continued to upgrade, and new forms of penetration, such as fold screen phones, have gradually increased.
Business is expected to enter a new up-to-date cycle. 2.1.1.ai cellular functionality and applications are becoming more abundant.
The White Paper defines “ai cellular phone” with four capabilities - arithmetical and efficient use, real world perception, self-learning, and creative abilities. The White Paper on Generating aai mobile phone industry, published by Courtpoint and UNRISD, states that a mobile phone is a large-scale, pre-trained generation of aai model that enables multi-model content generation, situational perception, and features.
For hardware, the counterpoint proposes a 5-point specification: a mobile computing platform based on leading processes and advanced architecture, integrated or independent neural network computing units (e.g. apu/npu/tpu), large capacity and high bandwidth memory, and stable and high-speed connectivity, hardware and system-level security defence.
The current application of the ai mobile phone, mainly in the ai image, smart calls, smart searches, etc., has a good application experience. For example, the three-stars 24 phone has a photo editing feature that allows users to remove the excess parts of the background from the ai, while generating missing content, significantly reducing the threshold for the repair of the drawings, and then becoming sections.
The main functions of a smart call are real-time text-translation, intelligent translation, and intelligent phone minutes. Smart search is represented by a circle of three star 24s, while large models of cellular side-loading provide intelligent dialogue choices that allow for a significant improvement in the interactive experiences of people.
Apple intelligence will be available in the form of a free software update, the first features of which will be launched in October, supporting American English at the time of release, and in Chinese and other languages in the coming year.
Apple chip understanding and creativity of languages and images allows multiple cross-applictions, combined with personal scenes, to simplify and speed day-to-day workflows for users. On the language side, iphones have smart text tools that help users automatically process input text. On the visual side, apples give visual intelligence to a new generation of iphones.
Cell phones, where users simply press camera control keys, allow the person to analyse the contents of the photos and further retrieve the messages, perform the translation, add the schedule, query the chhatgpt, etc. Siri, an apple voice assistant, is a major entry point for the apple intelligence. Siri, who now supports text and voice input, also has screen perceptive capabilities.
The smartphone industry is moving rapidly towards a more intelligent and personalized approach, as the big one is accelerating its end-of-side application.ai mobile phones are growing rapidly, with cagr about 187% in 23-27 years.
The co-published "Counterpoint White Paper on Generating aai Mobile Phone Industry" data in May 24, will generate a greater stock of aai handsheld from a million in 2023 to 1.23 billion in 2027, with penetration rates from 23 years still low and high growth rates expected to be maintained.
In 2023, global folding screen cellular output accounted for only 1.79% of global cellular output, accounting for more than $600 and 7.18% of high-end cellular output, with wide penetration potential and high growth momentum expected to continue. With folding mobile phone prices, weight, thickness, etc. close to a straight-line machine, it is expected to be the majority of the screen experience.
The choice to replace the flagship cell phone and to occupy some of the iphone entry-type subscriber markets is far from being touched by the industry ceiling. According to a counterpoint forecast, global folding screen cellular output in 2024 is expected to increase from around 1 million in 2019 to 32 million in 2019, with capgr reaching 100%.
The speed at which fold screen phones are delivered increases the penetration penetration rate of mainstream manufacturers. Since 2023, the frequency at which fold screen phones are issued has increased significantly, and supply-side input codes have helped the industry to mature, producing scale effects, reducing the cost of folding screens and product performance overlaps. The accelerated release of fold screen phones has also helped to upgrade the industry.
Overall exposure, promoting consumer education, reaching more consumers with folding screens and further upscaling the penetration rate. Figure 13: Folding screen cellular output has accelerated the long-term development of various consumer electronics. 2.2.ai
2.2.1. aipc accelerates the wave of computer switching. After a de-stock run-down cycle in 2021-2023, the global pc market recovered in 2023 q4.According to counterpointresearch data, global pc shipments reached 119.8 million in the first half of 2024, a year-on-year increase.
More than 3% of this total, with a large number of aipcs concentrated on high-profile launches in the first half of the year, and major manufacturers active in hardware and software, competing for new opportunities to upgrade. Looking ahead, there are an estimated 267 million shipments in 2024, compared to the rise of computers. Canalys predicts that global aipc shipments will account for 18% of the total volume of pc in 2024.
One hundred million, more than 60 per cent of total personal computers, and 63 per cent of aipc cagr in 23-27 years. 2.2.2.xr glasses are expected to be one of the most beneficial end-of-ai landing carriers.
The value of the smart glasses is further magnified by the presence of the one. The glasses plus the multi-moderated one is one of the best forms of the individual aaagent, and the smart glasses are becoming an important form of hardware, especially a universal multi-moderated ai assistant.
The vr/ar industry has a long-term upward trend, and the structure and functionality are available in the long term. vr sales are subject to the short-term inflationary pressures and head brand product cycles of overseas, and the new generation of vr hardware, domestic and foreign head brands, such as Meta, Sony, Apple, Pico, will be in the back in the short term, while content will accelerate maturity and diversification, and Vr/ar equipment in the short term.
Sales are expected to hit the corner; in the medium-to-long term, the application landscape expansion and the refinement of the ecological layout of the technological giants drive up the vr/ar industry. According to idc, the global volume of vr/ar shipments will increase from 10.1 million in 2023 to 23.5 million in 2026, cagr up to 33%, superstructured product specifications will increase, and structures and functions will increase in volume.
The price rises, and according to frost&solivan, the size of the global market for structures and functions will grow from US$400 million in 2021 to US$440 million in 2025, and the cagr will reach 87%, and the long-term space for structures and functions is to be expected in a context where vr/ar still has extensive penetration space.
Figure 17: Global size of the market for vr/ar structural and functional parts (millions of United States dollars) 2.2.3. Smart watch volumes are growing robustly, smart watch volumes are growing robustly, leading to a synchronized expansion of the market for structural and functional components.
Outside the gps, smart watch functions such as health management, fitness aids, etc. are gradually attracting a growing number of consumers to buy such products, while head producers such as apples are constantly introducing new high-value-added functions such as blood sugar monitoring, driving 40 million cagr to 12% in the year.
The market for smart watch structures and functions will also grow with smart watches, which, according to frost&sullivan, will grow from $2.06 billion in 2020 to $3.52 billion in 2025, with capr accounting for 11.6 per cent, of which the high price of sapphire materials will be applied mainly to high-end products, and market space will grow from $1.21 billion in 2021.
The United States dollar grew to $1.17 billion in 2025, or 8.3 per cent for cagr; ceramic materials are the third largest, market empty, figure 19: Global smart watch structure and market size of functional units (US$ billion) 2.3. The end-of-pipe trends and appearance innovations for glass panels
The global smart equipment architecture and module program market is highly concentrated, with the top five players accounting for about 49.0% of the total market share in 2020, according to the Frost Sullivan report. Smart phones, tablets, and smart watch look and model programs refer mainly to front and back panels and associated modules, camera panels and others.
Among them, glass is the main material used in the architecture of smart equipment and in the market for modular programmes, accounting for more than 65.0 per cent of the market, and the main current glass-plating manufacturers include Lancet, Bourne optical, Biadey electrons, ISP, Ophelia, Stars, etc.
The upstream supply chain of the glass sheeting industry is complex, covering thousands of lines of industry downstream. The upstream sector is dominated by raw material enterprises such as tiles, ink, polishing materials, plating materials, condensed materials and equipment such as heat benders, starters, fine sculpturers, grinders, etc.; it is a competitive industry and is relatively well supplied.
Glass preparation can be divided into the front and the second, where the front-track manufacturing process consists mainly of the processing of raw materials into botanical embryonic materials, although through optimization of raw material formulations, adaptation of process parameters, radiance, intensity, hardness and elastic models.
This is a measure of enhancement of the physical properties, but does not meet the requirements of the smartphone skin structure, and therefore requires further tailoring, refurbishment, enhancement, etc. of the back-track process, in addition to the need for the back-track process to accommodate the demands of the end-brand manufacturer to process the glass hair into a product of particular sizes, shapes, colours to match and upgrade.
The visual beauty of the glass look. 2.3.1.5 g-era glass backboard performance is excellent. 5g communication and wireless charge have special requirements for consumer electronic backboard material, which is currently the best.
Select. In mobile phones equipped with 5g and wireless chargers, metal material is no longer applicable: 1) 4g mainstream frequency is below 3ghz, while the 5g mainstream frequency is raised to more than 3ghz and the millimetre wave length is shorter, and interference from the metal back shell on the communication signal will significantly affect the effective transmission of the signal; 2) electromagnetic sensors will be generated on the metal back shell during the wireless charge,
The reduction of charging efficiency also heats the body. Materials that do not have these defects, such as glass, plastics, sapphire and ceramics, are a potential option, and, given the high cost of ceramics and sapphire production, the current high-end type is more often using glass, lower-middle-end type, etc., under competitive market choices.
Low-cost options use composite panels such as pmma.Frost&sullivan expects that future glass, sapphire and ceramics and other solutions will continue to be strong.
Glass covers are important components of consumer electrons. A glass sheet is usually made up of various layers of conductors, hardened layers, glass layers, oil ink. Their performance requirements include high intensity, excellent spectrometry, good resilience, resistance and strong concentration. Its inner surfaces must be closely aligned to the contact module and display screens, while the outer surface needs to be strong enough.
With the development of the smartphone industry, major manufacturers have sought new mobile phone performances and new demand points in search of differentiated competitive advantages, with a view to achieving a breakthrough in sales and market penetration, and the design of appearances has become a necessity for end brands.
How to improve the image of mobile phones, hold comforts, experience and display effects, make the product more innovative and different in design, and, in turn, be favoured by consumers as a hot spot for competition among major mobile phone manufacturers. From the look, the glass has evolved mainly along a larger and more curved trend.
So smartphone users prefer large screens, and the size of smartphone screens has increased significantly, from 4.7 to 5.9 inches generally in 2016 to 6.7 to 6.9 inches generally in 2020. On the other hand, smartphone windows have also turned from 2d flat to 2.5d and 3d to production difficulties and movement.
In terms of performance, the ability of glass panels to resist falling is also increasing, with more rigid microcrystal glass becoming permeable on high-end machines. Glasses are non-crystal materials, and crystal structures with no rules are the cause of their fratricidal fragilities. The manufacture of microcrystal glass is actually a glass-modification process, with metal oxides added to the production of glass.
As crystals, crystals change the ratio of crystals to crystals in the glass body by adding new high-temperature crystals to crystallized ceramic crystals in the glass base, changing the ratio of crystals to crystals in the glass core, thus creating a dense microcrystal phase combined with multiple composite solid materials in the glass.
In 2020, apples were first introduced from iphone12 to withstand a two metre drop to rough surface, twice as resistant as the sixth generation of goorilla glass products. In September 2024, the iphone 16 series of apple hairs introduced the latest generation of superclonic panels, using the most advanced glass-ceramic formula.
50% higher than the first generation, and twice as strong as the glass used by other mainstream smartphones. China built a 24-hour, 108-processed, 1600-degree smelting process for the mate 50 series, with hundreds of millions of high-intensity nanocrystals in the panel glass, resisting shocks, and gaining the first Swiss sgs five stars in the industry.
The proof of resistance to fall and fall increases the ability to withstand fall and fall 10 times as much as the normal glass. The crystal glass used by Mi14pro is also a microcrystal glass by its very nature.
Lancet has developed from glass to the present with smartphones and computers, smart head displays and intelligence, smart terminal structures, modules and assembly, new materials such as glass, metals, sapphire, ceramics, plastics, carbon fibres, and accompanying accessories, engineering jackets, production equipment, detection equipment, automation.
Industrial Internet systems prepared, autonomously developed. Figure 33: Scope of Corporate Laptop Computer-type Businesses, Figure 34: Scope of Corporate Plate Computer-type Businesses
The company's first and most core business is the glass business, which, in terms of the company's revenue structure, is $6.02 billion a year. In 2023, the company changed its collection classification caliber, with smartphones and computer-type operations contributing businesses.
With a big customer strategy, a company, etc. has grown together. Since 2020, Lancet’s top five clients have joined forces to raise the value of single machine products, and Lancet has increased its sales to Apple, the first customer, from $8.3 billion to $31.5 billion, and Cagr to 18%, with the company’s share of revenue consistently exceeding 50%.
In June 2012, the company, together with China Ceramics, invested in the Blueshua Federation as a production base for ceramic products: December 2017, the company and the nation ' s ceramics.
A joint venture was set up to open the entire industrial chain from raw materials to finished products and to apply special pottery-based materials for the intelligent wearing of equipment; in July 2012, Ramsy was set up to produce artificial sapphire and to start the development and production of sapphire-type products; and in 2020, to create the Ningxia crystallized electronic material to further enhance the capacity of the sapphire.
In the area of precision ceramic materials, the company, in conjunction with the China Ceramics industry, has established the Bluesweet National Ceramics with the National Ceramics, and has acquired a variety of sophisticated ceramic-forming techniques covering dry pressure formations, inflammation formations and flow-through formulations, as well as a comprehensive layout of the process, including high light processing, sand face, Lars, engraving characters, plating, lasers and anti-printing.
Accurate ceramics have high-end product properties and are now widely applied to the back of a cell phone, side keys, camera modules, and smart watch casings, watch circles, etc.
Ceramics, sapphires.
The company first invested in research and development in 2012 to produce sapphire materials with multiple surface processes ranging from long-crystal equipment to cutting, throwing, providing high light processing, sandy surfaces, lesbians, carving characters, plating, lasers and milling, production of finished products, production capacity. Our production of sapphires is 99.999% pure and Mox hard.
Counter-print processing, etc., reaching 9, close to the diamond, with crystal structure that determines strength, hardness, hyper-resilient grinding, product permeability > Ceramics are produced with high hardness, long-sliced injury, Mox hardness 9; high temperature, acid-resistant alkaline corrosion, signal penetration
91% were widely used as cell phone cameras, cell phone fingerprint identification panels, cell phone display screens, led strong, hand-sensitive, high-end product quality, widely used in the back of the cell phone, side buttons, cameras, bottom lined to provide high-quality options for high-end product lines.
2.4.2. Acquisition of a subsidiary of the State of Thailand and smooth entry into the upper end of the metal casing. In August 2020, the State of Lanthys acquired the upper end of the metal casing, and the State of Corité.
In 2020, it was the second largest supplier of metal casings like Appleiphone and Macbook, and the plant in Thailand was a technology producer.
In 2019, the main factory of the iPhone shell accounted for 40 per cent of the total amount of technology generated.In 2021, the names of Victory Technology (Thai State) and Coly Technology (Thai State) were changed to Lance Wang and Blue Sense (Thai State) respectively, followed by the incorporation of Blue Smitty (Thai State) under the Blue Sprang flag.
After the creation of the blue-sense precision, it became a priority for the company to expand its production. The first phase of the blue-senseed expansion project was completed in 2021-2022, with clear results in improved productivity and cost optimization, and modified production lines.
In 2023, Thaksin Blue Sense continued to make additional investments based on the first phase of the project, resulting in a significant increase in the production capacity of products such as alloy casings, back-loading, product models, knives, etc. The full post-partum extension project is expected to generate more than $8 billion in revenue and a total profit of $420 million for the company.
In 2022 there was a 27 per cent increase in the same year in the concision of blues (Thai State), amounting to $14.5 billion, resulting in a net profit of $976 million; in 2023 there was a net profit of $12.2 billion, resulting in a net profit of $601 million.
A cell phone-processing platform giant, across the material, parts and assembly chain, is expected to cut more smart phones in the future, and brand-named customers are going to assemble their entire machines. When they first came into production in 2021, they were ordered to replace Mi's mobile phone, then to obtain the Mi's flag ship 13 ultra order, to import all three-type machines in the rice 14 series, and to obtain the Mushi's 21pro's replacement order.
The company has now been able to provide vertically integrated end-to-end solutions to clients, providing one-stop services from design, engineering, manufacturing, logistics and post-sales, with comprehensive odm and oem capabilities, and is fully engaged in intellectual manufacturing, with a current rate of automation of production lines of more than 70 per cent, exceeding 99 per cent, reaching first-line standards in the assembly industry in 2023.
Since then, the company ' s cellular assembly business has grown significantly, from a loss of $240 million from the start of work in 2021 to its first realization in 2023. Teams and technologies are becoming more mature and scale effects are beginning to emerge, with a quarterly increase in Māori rates from the first three quarters of 2024 to contribute more to the company ' s performance.
Figure 44: The net profits of LanthyTechnology have been reversed to a profit gain
The firm’s strategic direction is vertical integration of the industrial chain, using the whole machine as a catch. As a result of its efforts in recent years, the company’s industry’s ability to integrate vertically is in the forefront, relying on its leadership in key areas such as glass, metals, modulars, etc., to focus on the assembly business, and the company, as a base for the whole machine, is in a high-speed development phase.
Efficiency and excellence are advanced in the industry, high levels of client recognition are obtained, vertical integration options are provided to a larger number of clients, and products such as smartphones, payment terminals, medical care, and smart home appliances are developed and produced. In the future, companies will further develop their assembly operations, leading to the growth of corporate structures, appearances, functional modules, and an increase in the overall crop rate and profitability of the company.
The level of lubricant is also conducive to continuous depth binding with the client. 3. Auto-smartness drives the continued growth of vehicle monitors 3.1. Auto-smartness drives the growth of vehicle-car monitors
In the light of the trend towards car intelligence, the number of single-car screens will increase steadily. The number of screens will increase in two ways: (i) the monitors are using more and more in smart cars.
and information entertainment screens, which include dashboards, control screens, streaming rearview mirrors, and transparent columns and virtual rear view mirrors; the latter are mainly co-pilot entertainment monitors and back-seat entertainment screens; and the electronic dashboards, which provide drivers with speed miles, speed gauges, water temperature meters, fuel meters, vehicle instructions.
Auxiliary driving information, such as lamps and warning lights, enables drivers to keep track of the normality of vehicle parameters.
The driver acquires a broader perspective than the traditional rear-view mirrors. “Transparent a column” and electronic rear-view mirrors: vehicles that expand the scope of the driver's vision and eliminate the location of the windows.
The link column (a column) has visual blindness effects. Further soundness of the standard regulations and the publication of test standards will drive the speed of application of the “transparent a column” and the electronic rear-view mirror.
In the first half of 2024, the total volume of goods on the global bus panel market was 110 million, compared to the previous year, and figure 45: displays in smart car applications (ii) control layouts are gradually moving towards multiple screens/joint screens. As domain controls, vehicle systems, and vehicle-mounted chips are upgraded.
The objective conditions for the use of multiple screens and joint screens in vehicles have been met, and cars companies and suppliers have gradually introduced multiple screens and joint screens, and the penetration rates of multiple screens and joint screens have been increasing. According to the Joss car statistics, in 2023, China used multiple screens in the car market (excluding imported models) for the year.
In comparison, there were only 21 items in 2022 and 44 brands in 2022, with a significant increase in the branding of the combined screens. In view of the increase in screen applications and the trend of medium-controlled layouts towards multiple screens/joints, cars showed screens.
The volume of goods is expected to continue to increase. According to the Chinese Institute of Commerce and Industry, in 2024, the world's vehicle-mounted front-loaded market will be worth 220 million pieces, with a market size of $10.1 billion. 3.2. Smart car screen size and quality are constantly improving.
The increasing size of the screen is becoming clear, and the large size of the screen of the new energy vehicle will spread over the automobile industry. One screen, with the advantages of super-vision, multitask processing, and co-ordination/sharing of the lead driver, has become the preferred high-end vehicle model, while the quality of the screen will continue to improve, and the traditional low-end a-si screen will gradually become ltps, oled and mini,
In January-February 2024, the amount of assigned amount for the control of large colour screens in vehicles in the country was 3.07 million, representing an increase of 36.1 per cent over the previous year, of which 10 inches or more accounted for 82.8 per cent, an increase of 10.5 percentage points over the same period in the previous year.
As of February 2024, the medium-colour screens over 10 inches covered nearly 150 cars in the country, the ideal 17/l8/l9 (15.7 inches), the deep blues 7 (15.6 inches), the dotted d9 (15.6 inches) and so on.
Lancet has been in the car field since 2018, and now the company has developed and bulk-based vehicles around smart cockpits, electronic glass and components on vehicles, vehicle-borne controls (structural and functional parts and assemblies), front glass/windows, dashboard components, column b, car-car decorations, body structures, rear-view mirrors and navigation devices.
Electronics, co-clients have over 30 new domestic and foreign energy sources, traditional luxury car brands and power cell heads, generating revenues of $4,998 million in 2023 for new energy vehicles and smart cabin operations, an increase of 39.5 per cent over the same period.
Figure 53: Revenue from the Lance New Energy Motors and Smart Classes (millions of dollars) 4. Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations 4.1. Profit Forecasts and Business Splits
Smart phones and computer classes: The consumer electronics industry has been warming since the second half of 2023, with the rapid development of the big one model, the acceleration of the fall-out of theai terminal, which has further boosted the recovery in demand for downstream consumer electronics, while the company’s new product, new customers, is expanding, and income and profitability are expected to recover.
In the field of assembly, Xianlanx continuously optimizes efficiency, efficiency, quality, acceptance and trust with domestic and foreign clients, has assembled large amounts of high-end mobile phones and spare parts, and is on schedule to complete the annual profit-making target. The company's intelligence is projected to be 2024-2026.
On the Māori side, as consumer electronic demand recovers and the product structure improves with the build-up of new products from companies, the Māori ratio of corporate smart phones and computer-type single operations is expected to recover gradually, while, at the same time, smartphones and electricity are viewed in a comprehensive manner as the gross interest rate of the assembly business is lower than the glass and metal middle frame, as the revenue ratio of the assembly business rises.
New energy vehicles and smart seat class: the company has achieved supply to global head companies such as Tesla, BMW, Benz, Porsche, which can produce in bulk electronic glass and components on vehicles, on-board control screen structures and functional parts, front/window glass, dashboard components, b-column, vehicle decorations, vehicle-mounted structures, rear-view mirrors and navigation devices, etc., and
The company ' s new energy vehicle and smart cabin operations are expected to grow in high-quality terms in the future, as car intelligence, electronicization, etc., are being actively developed and are expected to generate revenues in 2024-2026, respectively, for smart head displays and smart wears: the company ' s research and production looks, structures, optical components, etc. are at multiple high ends.
The product has been used in depth, and the benefits of the prior input are gradually being realized. Smart watch-related glass, metal, blue bob, we've chosen as a comparable firm the hardcore supplier of the apple chain, the master stock and the profit-making intelligence, which were estimated at 37.5/27.3.20.7 times in 2023-2025, slightly above the industry average.
One of the most core suppliers, benefiting from the innovation upgrade of Apple phones over the next two years, is expected to grow faster in terms of income and profits, covering for the first time and giving a “buy-in” rating.1 Demand recovery in the consumer electronics sector has fallen short of expectations: corporate performance and consumer e-products such as mobile phones, pc, wearables, etc.
The volume of goods produced is highly correlated and, if demand in the consumer electronics sector is not restored as expected, it will affect the income and profitability of corporate smartphones and computer-type, smart head displays and smart wear-type operations.2,ai end innovation is less advanced than expected: i terminal penetration is an important engine of switchover in the consumer electronics sector.
The overall growth of the consumer electronics industry will be affected if the end-of-pipe innovation is not as strong as expected.3 New energy vehicles are sold less than expected: new energy vehicles and smart cabins are one of the business directions that companies focus on, and if new energy vehicles are sold less than expected, they will affect the volume of goods delivered by companies and the level of profitability of their vehicles.
Three major financial forecasts for LansyTech. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.