The main battleground switch is completed, pending the full-scale flowering of the "Small Strength" company 4/20, which publishes its 2020 and 20211 quarterly reports. The revenue was $54.6 billion (+66%) in 2020, and the silicon component was the first to be delivered in 2020, with the Māori component contributing the first supersilicon to the main field switch:
In 2020, the company earned 15.5 billion yuan (+12.6 per cent) in silicon and silicon bars, with a Māori ratio of 30.36 per cent (-1.4 pct); and 58gw (+65 per cent) in silicon tablets, with 32gw out.
(+193%), of which 24gw was sold. In 2020, the global stock of corporate components was about 19%, the first to jump to the top in the world, and a new high of component cr1 was created, while the component business Māori Gonn was achieved 2.
Overstepping the business of silicon, officially marking the completion of the switch to the company’s main battlefield in the field of photovoltaic manufacturing. The rate of integration of production capacity continued to increase, and the target for delivery in 2021 remained high: silicon at the end of 2020 / 20211223.
(+38/+63%) The continued increase in the measurement of integration will contribute positively to the increase in profitability. Silicon supply bottlenecks will reshape the distribution of profits in short-term industrial chains.
Source: Corporate q1 performance is largely due to the full transmission of silicon sales prices against silicon price increases (for a detailed quarterly analysis, see later page), but few new silicon supplies during the year, and silicon production capacity continues.
In the case of expansion, entrepreneurship, and the gradual pricing of the component ceilings, the trend in the second half of the year in the distribution of profits in the industrial chain may be moving in the direction of silicon profit expansion, silicon silicon profit compression, and component profit restoration. But, in the end, profit movements caused by the varying paces of expansion in these chains remain a factor of short-term impact.
The ability to maintain a combination of core business leadership remains the long-term backbone of the industry. “Small advantage” is a comprehensive exercise to ensure that companies have the ability to sustain alpha over the long term: we believe that the firm’s size advantage will gradually be fully released from multiple perspectives beyond conventional procurement costs and cost rates:
1) Capacity for full multi-channel depth intervention in the battery equipment chain; 2) Guidance for extension of end-of-pipe new technology applications; 3) Forward-looking card-bit layout for new business areas/new applications such as bipv, hydrogen energy, etc.
These capabilities will be effective in helping companies maintain a long-term combined lead, supporting higher levels of profitability and income/profit growth than the industry average. (Detailed in the body of the next page) q1 silicon business over-expected profitability: corporate net profit q1 is over-expected, and we judge it mainly from
On the one hand, the demand for the q1 endpoints is low and the battery rings have not been adjusted in March when the components were downsized to allow silicon prices to be more easily transmitted in the light of the high demand for silicon, and, on the other hand, because the company has a high silicon long sheet coverage.
As a result, goods are usually prepared two to three weeks in advance, depending on production needs, during the silicon uplifting cycle, due to weekly silicon prices being factored into cost estimates, the average Māori ratio of company q1 silicon tablets is close to 35 per cent, significantly better than the full-scale flowering of the city's “size advantage” to ensure that the company has the ability to maintain alpha over the long term: we think it's public.
The Division ' s size advantages will gradually be fully released from multiple angles beyond conventional procurement costs and cost rates: 1) the ability to engage in battery equipment chain with a full multichannel depth: industry history, the competition in cell cells chain, due to its high dependence on equipment technological advances, has been a more visible niche in the industrial chain.
By the end of 2020, the company ' s battery-plate capacity had jumped to the top of the industry, and as the first company to engage deeply in the battery-equipment chain in the manufacturing chain, it was expected that the company would be in power while the large volume of component operations was increasing rapidly in the end market.
The battery equipment, which is the most demanding link for technology, talent, and R & D in the light-voltage industry chain, is by no means easily accessible to ordinary enterprises. (2) Guidance for the application of end-of-pipe new technologies: the current battery technology route is from the p-type.
In switching to the n-type, taking the lead in having a stable volume supply capacity means faster access to more robust end-live data, thus contributing to the extension of new products (first-in-chief), and the company ' s new 3gw battery capacity, if it is on schedule, or if it is in the industry, will be in the vanguard.
Enterprises with the largest incoming N battery production capacity. 3) Forward-looking card-positioning capacity for new business areas/ new applications such as bipv, hydrogen energy: as the cost of photovoltaic power continues to decline, its application will continue to expand, with companies directly and heavily engaged.
The acquisition of Sent's equity to speed up the bipv business and strategic collaboration with China's petrochemicals in the field of hydrogen energy, among other things, we believe that the “scale advantage” in new business openings, new scenes, these capabilities will be effective in helping companies to maintain a long-term combined lead, supporting companies to stay above line.
In the cold of three feet, the company's silicon chain, alpha, is not necessarily lost in a trend: the rapid changes in silicon sizes and equipment specifications over the past year have given new entrants a chance to fast-track their head.
But according to the company's annual report, in 2020, the company's crystalline/slice link was not silicon, and it was reduced by 9.98 per cent and 10.82 per cent, respectively, and it continues to maintain a faster rate of decline. We have reason to believe that as long as the technology for silicone is not finished, the company relies on deep technology.
The accumulation and huge R&D investment capacity (2.6 billion yuan in research and development in 2020, with yet another niche) will still probably lead to technological advances in the silicon chain and will still be expected to expand again in terms of silicon quality, non-silicon cost.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment