Silver International Securities and Wise Investment Corporation research -- a (601012ch)
Without fear of the wind, the steady rudder marches ahead, and in the chaotic market environment of the first quarter of 2021, Lungi's profit performance was unexpectedly robust. The company achieved a net profit of 2.5 billion yuan in the first quarter, re-enacting its history and exceeding market expectations.
For the remaining quarter of 2021, management acknowledged that the operating environment was challenging, but remained strategic. We believe that Lungi has a well-developed market plan in the face of the bumpy road ahead.
In 2020, Lungi further consolidated his position in the photovoltaic chain. Income grew by 66% to RMB 54.6 billion. Gross profits recorded RMB 13.4 billion, quarter.
The annual Māori rate was 24.6%, down 4.3 percentage points from the same period in 2019, and the main recipient was able to recategorize the freight costs to operating costs. The net profit of the company was RMB 85.50 billion, an increase of 62%.
The company will sell 58gw 24.5gw single crystal silicon/assemblies in 2020, with 30.5%-20.6% Māori sales and Māori data, respectively, with the company leading and becoming the world’s largest photovoltaic component supplier.
Faced with a challenging operating environment, the impact of the increase in the price of polycrystal silicon and other ancillary materials is significantly overtaken by the decline in the price of photovoltaic glass; and 2) downstream photovoltaic project operators will have very limited resilience to the price of components due to their first year on par.
The cost of polycrystal silicon is better than the price of silicon, but the end of the component is down from 5 to 15% of the Māori rate compared to last year’s year’s year. For the planned delivery of the component in one quarter, management acknowledges that the price of some of the orders is very difficult because of the partial low price orders that were made last year.
For 2021, Lungi's income outlook for the entire year was RMB 85 billion, and for silicon and components, 80 gw/40gw, respectively. Management was cautious about the currently unusually high price of multiple crystal silicon and made an appropriate adjustment to silicon production.
We believe that the company’s silicon silicon manufacturing business will have some impact in the short term, but long-term dimensions, the company’s decision-making will bring greater flexibility to the company after the supply of silicon is upgraded in 2022.
Auditor: PricewaterhouseCoopers has a cost advantage that will help the company cross the road. We believe that the current more chaotic industrial chain fluctuations are due to short-term structural supply constraints on multi-crystal silicon and lower-than-expected downstream demand. With the addition of silicon,
By contrast, we believe that Lungi's Māori rate is high and has a much stronger buffer capacity at both ends of the silicon and component against the volatility of market dynamics, which will help companies get a better look in the current challenging market environment.
The long-term outlook remains optimistic. We believe that the current trend in global photovoltaic development is irreversible under the guiding line of carbon. Based on the company’s current cost and technological advantages, the rise in the rise will be a key force in the wave.
▪ Main risk: 1) the continuing rise in multi-crystal silicon prices affects the need for installed aircraft; and 2) the shadow of geopolitical events