On the evening of 17 May, the company announced that it would issue a total of up to $7 billion a in-debtable sum to raise funds for the construction of single crystal-efficient batteries totalling 18gw (3gw) and to replenish the liquidity of $1.15 billion in the Western Xanax leaf 15gw plus the Ning Xia Leaf 5gw (3gw a session).
The large scale-up shows a strong confidence in new N-type technologies, and many years of R & D reserves have opened up a volume transformation: the company has created a record of production efficiency on several occasions in the perc battery age, and in recent days, the commercialized two-sided topcon battery has made the first global breakthrough of 25 per cent to demonstrate a long-term R & D reserve in the N battery field.
As a result, this 18gw project marks the beginning of industrialization of the company’s n-type battery development.
2. " Continuous cleaning of silicon glass, supply chain advantage, new heights " , while at the same time exceeding the Māori contribution of component operations to silicone operations, officially marking the company ' s continued power in component operations, exchange rate and reduced value
The continuous increase in the integration of components is a clear trend in the industry at this stage. This trend is 4. Pre-collecting, cash flow surges, supply chain advantages.
Under the circumstances, we believe that if the silicon link is still independent due to the high degree of homogenization of the product and the relative maturity of the technology, then the battery chain will be gradually associated with the component ring, both in terms of technological trends (upgrade of the connection with the components and the encapsulation process) and with the business needs of the enterprise.
"Increased supply security of silicon, sharing of upstream profits, closer alignment, and the technology and cost differentials of the battery chain will also be integrated component enterprises, as noted in the company's annual and quarterly reviews, which we published on 20 April this year:
Strengths in battery/assembly operations will be achieved through: full multichannel depth intervention in the equipment chain, and guidance in end-use application: two routes to the release of the radiator. 1) From the history of the industry, the long-term after-effect advantage of the battery ring competition (in other words, vulnerability) is evident due to high reliance on technological advances in the equipment.
The company, as the first company to intervene in the depth of the chain of battery equipment in the main photovoltaic manufacturing chain, or will make it possible to maintain the long-term edge of battery technology; 2) on the current battery technology road (8621) 61357595
In switching lines from p to n, taking the lead in the supply of a stable high-yielding capacity means that Uwentien will have faster access to more robust end-to-end operational data, thus contributing to the company-led new product route.
Extension applications in the end market (i.e. “priorization” effect for power station customers) score, then averaged the final rating as average market investment