Transfers raised $7 billion to expand the N-efficient battery, 18th of May 2021.
Research assistant Huang u                                                   :
Recovering period 3.35 years), Ning Xia Leiye's 5gw single crystal-efficient battery project (phase 3gw) (total investment  high-efficiency battery lead layout, industry leads in volume production: companies are absolute leaders in single crystals, with a huge capital build-up of silicon silicon and a large amount of research and development from battery end (recent commercialization of topcon)
The company announced a total of about 33gw high-efficiency batteries from the end of 20 years to the present, of which 3gw will be in production this year q4 and 20gw+ next year. 24 patents have been applied for n core technologies, 14 have been authorized, production efficiency exceeds 24 per cent, and the first in-house company to produce high-efficiency batteries.
Silicon silicon, batteries and components are at the top of the list, and the city’s share has accelerated in 21 years: the company’s single crystal silicon chain has remained at the top of the list, with a 20-year delivery of 58gw, the city being estimated at about 40 per cent, the 21-year target of 80gw+, and the market is measured at a rapid expansion of productive capacity, and the leader’s position is consolidated: the company’s integrated capacity has expanded rapidly, and the silicone capacity at 85gw at the end of the 20th year.
Battery capacity of 30 gw, component capacity of 50 gw, is expected to be 105 gw, 38gw, 65gw by the end of the 21st year. The company has broken through core battery technology and has developed core equipment either by itself or in conjunction with the plant.
"Four-quarters performance is slightly impaired, and the whole industry's chain is always strong."
The three-quarterly review of the Lungi Shares (601012): cash flows and advance receipts bright, single-crystal champions persistently strong 2020-events: companies issue retransferable bond plans to raise funds up to a total of not more than $7 billion for the 15gw single-crystal cell project (total investment of $5,512 million, internal rate of return 46.71 per cent, investment recovery period)
3.35), Ningxia Leaf's 5gw Single Crystal Efficient Battery Project (3gw) (a total investment of $1,248 million, high-efficiency batteries leading the layout, industry-led production: companies are the absolute leader in the monocrystal field, accumulate large amounts of capital based on silicon ends, and accumulate a large amount of research and development from battery end (recently refreshing the world record of topcon commercialization).
Efficiency 25.09%. From the end of 20 years to the present, the company has announced a total expansion of about 33gw high-efficiency batteries, of which 3gw will be in production this year q4 and 20gw+ will be in production next year. Twenty-four patents have been applied for n core technologies, 14 have been authorized, more than 24% medium-test efficiency is the first industry to produce high-efficiency batteries.
Silicon blades, batteries and components are at the forefront, and the city’s share has accelerated in 21 years: the company’s single crystal silicon chain has maintained its status as one company, with a 20-year delivery of 58gw, with an estimated market share of about 40 per cent, and a 21-year target of 80gw+, with a calculated market share of 44 per cent +; Rapid expansion of production capacity and consolidation of the longline status: the company’s integrated production capacity expanded rapidly, and the silicon production capacity of 85gw at the end of 20 years.
Battery capacity of 30 gw, component capacity of 50 gw, is expected to be 105 gw, 38gw, 65gw by the end of the 21st year. The company has broken through core battery technology and is either self-made or working with the plant to develop core equipment, and is expected to create a further differential advantage in 22 years while reaping the new battery technology dividend, and to strengthen the company's protection of the river, which we expect to be 22 years.
Battery capacity will reach 60gw+, further consolidating its flagship status.