On May 17, Lungi (601012) issued a public announcement stating that no more than 7 billion yuan in debt could be released and raised after deduction of distribution costs.
Net gold will be invested in the following projects: 1. The Western Salad leaf 15gw single crystal-efficient single-crystal cell project, with an estimated investment of $4.770 billion; 2. The Ningxia leaf 5gw single-crystal-efficient battery project, with an estimated investment of $1.08 billion; 3. The supplementary liquidity project, with an estimated investment of $1,150 million, will contribute to the upgrading of advanced production capacity, with the expectation of increasing the market share of efficient single-crystal batteries.
This fund-raising and investment project is a project for the expansion of the company's existing core manufacturing business, single crystal cell operation, for a total of 22 months.
By the end of 2020, the company’s single crystal battery could produce 30gw. By the end of 2021, the company planned to produce 38gw per year.
With corporate fund-raising to build a single-crystal-efficient single-crystal cell project, the future capacity of single-crystal cell production will be further enhanced, with the prospect of upgrading the company's single-crystal batteries, taking advantage of the unsubsidized era and consolidating the status of integrated photovolved dragonheads. The country's first photovoltaic “pair-access” project, which reached 14.78gw in 2019, continued to increase significantly to 33.05gw in 2020, has surpassed its subsidy programme by 2020.
The model, which is expected to begin in 2021, will be fully unsubsidized, with the exception of home-based photovoltaics. When the industry is fully subsidized, the major turning point in its history will be the need for photovoltaic power to compete directly with traditional energy sources on the basis of its own competitiveness and for real self-sustaining, non-subsidized market-based self-development, while the pattern of competition in the industry will change significantly, with a large number of things that do not meet the requirements of “equal Internet access”
Inefficiently backward production capacity will accelerate the phase-out, while advanced photovoltaic products of “higher quality, more efficient, and less expensive” will dominate the market. Through the implementation of this project, companies will consolidate technological excellence to respond to industry’s desubsidized development requirements, upgrade downstream customers’ value through higher-value, more efficient products, and take full advantage of the important development opportunities that industry’s “equal Internet access” offers by 2020.
Single crystalline silicon and component shipments are among the highest in the world, and as companies expand and upgrade around existing core manufacturing operations, they help the Division to further refine the industrial layout and accelerate the large-scale industrialization of advanced R & D results, supply chain management capacity will continue to grow and deepen. Vertically integrated layouts will help companies to build overall leadership and consolidate the company ' s photovolt integration dragon position.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company's relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.