To be issued as a revolving debt, battery technology leads the industry Lungi shares (601012.sh) to be issued as a transferable $7 billion, with 18gw high-efficiency batteries.
On May 17, 2021, Lungi shares proposed to issue a transferable debt of 7 billion yuan for the 15gw single crystal of the Western Salt Leaf, and the company has announced successively 33gw high-efficiency battery expansion plans, active layout n battery technology, and fast-track integration strategies. We maintain the profit projections, and the company is expected to return to the net in 2021-2023.
..n-type batteries accelerate, with a variety of front-loadings. Perc batteries have now largely replaced conventional batteries (bsf) in the mainstream of the market, but the volume conversion efficiency is close to the limit of around 24%.n monocrystal battery technology is expected to be more efficient due to its high potential for efficiency enhancement.
From about 24% to nearly 26% at present, and with the advantages of a high double-face rate, a low temperature factor, a lack of light, and poor light performance, the next generation of batteries has become an important technological direction. Photovoltaic companies have a variety of layouts.
• Improving the strategic layout of integrated batteries, leading the battery technology industry. By the end of 2020, companies had silicon, batteries, component capacity 85/30/50gw, and battery capacity was missing
In terms of battery technology, the company ' s battery development team is more than 200 people, and battery development results have been constantly updating the world record: (1) single crystalline perc cell conversion efficiency reached 24.06% in 2019, breaking the industry ' s 24% bottleneck; (2) current single
The crystal topcon battery efficiency of 25.09% has again become a new record creator. The company silicon, a group of company updates - a quarterly report with top-notch performance, will be the world’s top-notch, and this release of debtables will help to speed up the production of the company’s battery capacity.
It is expected that the flagship market will continue to grow - continuing to lead the photovoltaic industry in terms of battery technology and size.
Price Batteries, Accelerating Efficient Battery Layouts 2021.3.11 Corporate Information Update - Price Purchases for Sent