Performance continues to grow, and competitive advantages are highlighted.
Corporate performance continued to grow. In 2020, the company achieved 54.58 billion yuan (+66%) in revenue, resulting in a net profit of 8.555 billion yuan (+62%) to the mother, with a four-quarterly year-on-year increase of 84% and 34%, respectively, maintaining rapid growth.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consulting, and the longer it is mainly a component business growing faster, with profits growing less rapidly than revenue growing, mainly cluster 1, the global monocrystal pole, and increasing competitive advantage on a continuous basis.
In 2020, the company produced 58.9gw (+67.1%), of which 31.8gw (+25.7%) was sold for its own use.
The company continued its globalization strategy and continued to expand its overseas markets by $21,460 million, a 70 per cent increase in total income over the year.
In late 2020, the company produced 85gw, 30gw and 50gw of single crystal silicon, batteries and components, leading the industry.
Continue to maintain the advantage of scale. R & D spent $2.59 billion (+55%) on operating income 4.8% of corporate-sized products and N-type product quality control levels continuously rising, core key quality indicators continued to be optimized and non-silicon costs further reduced throughout the year.
Lungi shares (601012) show a 10 per cent decline in the average unit non-silicon cost of the crystalline chain compared to 300 deep, a 10.8 per cent decrease in the average unit of the sliced link compared to the same cost, and silicon quality and cost keeping industry ahead.
Global photovoltaic demand is well-defined, corporate size, technology costs, and brand advantages are evident, and industry concentration will continue to rise, maintaining a corporate “growth” rating.
Solar assembly and battery operations: companies continue to expand their customers using product and brand advantages. By 2020, the global market share of component products was about 19%, a significant increase of 11 percentage points from 2019.
In 2021-2023, we expect the company to earn $64.2 billion, $82.2 billion and $97.5 billion, respectively, at a rate of 77%, 28% and 19% respectively. and 150gw. With the expansion and release of the company’s productive capacity, the company’s market share will increase and continue to grow.
Taking into account the trend in the prices of corporate silicon films, we expect the company to earn $19.1 billion, $22.6 billion and $25.7 billion, respectively, in 2021-2023. The same rate of increase for other operations: downstream power station operations, with the company focusing on power station construction services, while at the same time being active.
In terms of product structure, Māori's relatively low income from component operations is lower than the increase in Māori.
The cost is high, but companies continue to use technological advantages to reduce efficiency gains, and non-silicon costs are declining. We anticipate that the Māori rate for silicon rod operations is 30/30.5 per cent and 30.5 per cent, and the Māori rate for solar assembly and battery operations is 18/19 per cent.20 per cent.
There is a strong degree of certainty about demand, and companies, with silicons and components, actively expand the production chain under vertical integration strategies, with increasing competitiveness, with an advantage of scale, technological advantage and cost control, and increasing urban dominance. We maintain the corporate “growth” rating.
In recent years, Europe, the United States, India and other countries have repeatedly launched a “double-reverse” investigation of our photovoltaic enterprises, which has caused a certain impact on the development of our photovoltaic industry.
The future does not preclude other countries from following suit, leading to more trade frictions. As the internationalization of companies accelerates slightly, there is a rapid rise in overseas revenues, and companies still face severe international trade barriers and trade policy changes, even though they have circumvented trade barriers through measures such as overseas production layouts.
2.2 The risk of falling demand due to the new crown virus epidemic, if it continues to ferment and is not effectively controlled, will cause continued macroeconomic volatility, and changes in the economic environment will affect the financing arrangements and costs of downstream systems operators from
And it affects the return on investment in the end market, and ultimately the end demand in the light-voltage industry chain. If demand for electricity declines, it may lead to a reduction in global demand for photovoltaic terminals, some customer orders may be delayed or cancelled, and companies’ operations will be affected.
2.3 The risk of market competition is exacerbated by the fact that the photovoltaic sector, after full competition and phase-out of the market, is able to generate surplus production, markets and capital sources are gradually concentrated towards niche firms, and the pattern of market competition is reshaped, but at the same time the industry is aggravated
At the same time, in the context of the trend towards vertical integration of industries, the main firms in the industry have expanded their chains and markets.
The report’s analytical logic is based on one’s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects his research views, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.