The organization optimizes the overall collection of officials, the “ai top” strategy promotes the business performance forecast core data: in the first half of 2025, the company was owned by the parent company.
1. "Asylum Networks: Accompaniment of Contract Debts, Smart Clusters. Business Income: Business Income in the first half of the year is expected to be $3.56 billion-3640 billion.
Cash flow: Net cash flow inflows from operating activities in the second quarter, approximately $320 million better than in the second quarter; cumulative year-on-year improvements in the first half of the year were about $60 million; the reasons for the shortfall in performance were: operations were characterized by seasonality and income in the first half of the year was lower than cost
The decline in contract signing last year resulted in a significant decrease in income and an increase in losses in the first quarter: R&D capitalization amortization increased by $120 million on the same basis and separation indemnity increased by $300 million. Other business highlights: contract contracting in the second quarter increased by over 18 per cent on the same basis, with a cumulative increase in the first half of the year
8 per cent: Maintenance of the foundation for sustained income growth through improved management control costs. In the first half of 2025, the company focused on the “ai-top” strategy to achieve a technological landing through a three-wheel drive of “product matrix upgrading - internal scenario validation - industry pole replication”
To a closed circle of business values. Deep grinding of industry-based smart scenes (e.g. consumer forecasts, construction finance), stick effects of in-house practices (financial automation, marketing efficiency data) and the rapid expansion of client ecology lay the foundation for future ai-scale realization.
Profit forecasts, valuations and ratings, according to the company's annual report, we expect companies to achieve revenue in 2025-2027, downstream client budgets below expectations, and R & D progress below expectations.