The performance of the sales settlement was smooth, with a significant increase in sales: 16-year report published by the Paulie Estate (600048) showed that operating income was $154,752 million
He's seen a huge increase in sales. The company's 16-year contract was 21.1 billion yuan, a 36 per cent increase over the previous year, the highest increase in sales since the company's 100 billion years: in terms of rules.
At the same time as the model growth, the company also focused on the quality of its sales, selling back the cage for $20.41 billion a year, actively supplementing the land resource location ideal. The company insists on central cities, deepening the strategic layout of urban clusters, urban circles, and now covers the country’s bead triangles, long triangles, ring seas, etc.
68 cities in the central, south-west economic circle. Meanwhile, companies have been active in overseas markets, and nine projects have been implemented in Australia, the United States, the United Kingdom, etc.
At the end of the year, the company had 361 projects under construction, with an area of 63.44 million square metres to be developed, to meet its development needs for the next 2-3 years.
The financial position is sound. The company’s interest-bearing liabilities were reduced by $7.9 billion at the end of the 16-year period, with a healthy balance of interest-bearing liabilities and highly competitive financing costs.
The two-wing layout has been further refined. In 16 years, in the community consumer services section, the company has promoted specialization, marketization, core competitiveness, innovative business models, and incentives.
About 15 million square metres; commercial operations result in market-based management outputs in a number of external hotels, shopping mall projects; the old-age industry is carried on by sermons, healthy living halls, fairs, etc., locking in several pilot institutions for old-age, setting up a “triple one” strategy for old-age in the field, and nurturing the old-age cycling.
In the real estate finance sector, the size of the management of the real estate fund has continued to grow, at the end of the year, to nearly $60 billion;
But the year-round closing performance has been relatively stable, and the next year’s available resources have been abundant. During this period, companies have been active in replenishing their land reserves, acquiring regional aspirations for the project, and laying the foundation for rapid growth in the coming years.
Financing costs are relatively low and highly competitive among peers. Companies continue to reward investors generously, with a 3% dividend rate, which strongly supports the firm's stock price level. Keep looking at the company's future prospects. This rating system's “market index” reference point is projected to be 300 indexes. In risk preferences, products that do not refer to a specific range of recommended and rated products are product-by-products.
The underlying risk rating is given in the markets studied, i.e. in the case of certificates of title and derivatives markets, where the underlying risk rating is a high risk; in the case of equity, equity-based fund markets, where the underlying risk rating is a general risk; and in the case of markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, where the underlying risk rating is a low risk.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.