The performance of Poly Property (600048) in the first quarter of 2017 was consistently high in terms of the desired sales settlement performance.
5.14 per cent decrease; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies reached 1,891 million, an increase of 38.73 per cent over the same period.
1703 million, a 5.14 per cent decline in the same year; net profit on shareholders in listed companies of $1,891 million, equivalent to a gain of $0.16. The expected increase in quarterly settlement performance is ideal; sales continue to lead the industry as a whole in the first quarter. In January-March 2017, the company achieved contract space.
Land reserves are well distributed in the region. Twenty-seven new company expansion projects in the first quarter, with an additional volume of 6.71 million square metres, have a total acquisition cost of 29.7 billion yuan, accounting for 160 per cent and 52 per cent of sales, respectively, of which 63 per cent and 86 per cent are in second-line cities.
Continued centralization of second-line cities. During the reporting period, the company opened 5.12 million square metres of new construction, completed 2.03 million square metres, and constructed 47.59 million square metres. This represents an increase over the same period last year.
With an area of 114.7 million square metres and an area of 67.51 million square metres to be developed, one or two cities account for more than 68 per cent. Land reserves are abundant and provide the basis for continued rapid development in the future.
High. In the 17 years of first quarter sales, leading the industry, the leading role is highlighted. At the same time, the public sector’s rich land reserves have a good regional layout, laying the foundation for rapid growth in the coming years. Keep looking at the 300-percent index for the “market index” of this rating system.
The underlying risk rating is given in the markets studied, i.e. in the case of certificates of title and derivatives markets, where the underlying risk rating is a high risk; in the case of equity, equity-based fund markets, where the underlying risk rating is a general risk; and in the case of markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, where the underlying risk rating is a low risk.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.