The company achieved business income of $154,752 million in 2016, an increase of 25.38 per cent over the previous year: Paulie property (600,048.sh)
In 2016, the company achieved a sale of $21.1 billion, an increase of 36%, with an average sales price of 1.31 million per square metres, an increase of 3.9%; in community consumer clothing, the company completed a restructuring of the stock system, initiated a new three-board listing process, and completed an out-of-market expansion of about 15 million square metres in the course of the year; and achieved business operations in more than one year.
In real estate finance, the size of the management of the real estate fund has continued to grow, reaching nearly $60 billion at the end of the year; the size of the microfinance operation amounts to $493 million; and market opportunities for participation in strategic investments such as drop and drop-off, high-speed accumulation, and port securities.
Table 1: Financial highlights of Paulie Real Estates 2016.9. Good operations, sustained progress in diversified investment, location of second-line cities with high-quality and rich land reserves. By the end of 2016, companies had covered 68 cities throughout the country, forming the cities of Guangzhou and North.
At the same time, there have been nine projects in Australia, the United States, and the United Kingdom that have been actively developing overseas markets. The company’s operating revenues in South, North and East China grew by 36.08%, 34.60%, and 45.46%, respectively, in 2016.
With the regional division of the real estate sector, the second-line cities perform far better than the third-line condaseuritiesco., Ltd., because of their economic dynamism, their capacity to absorb the population, their investment climate, etc.
By late 2016, the company had taken over a variety of forms of outreach, such as open-market calls, renovation of the old city, cooperative development, and mergers and acquisitions.
There are 361 ongoing and proposed projects with an area of 63.44 million square metres to be developed to meet the company’s development needs over the next two to three years. Of these, approximately 68% of the remaining development needs are in second-line cities, and the project stock is rich and of good quality to provide effective resource security for the company’s sustainable development.
The significant increase in operating costs is due to the expansion of the carry-over size and changes in the settlement project structure, a healthy financial position, continued optimization of debt indicators, and a good cash flow. Companies ' interest-bearing liabilities were reduced by $7.9 billion at the end of 2016, with a balance of $112.2 billion, short of which is new and low since 2010. The continued optimization of the corporate capital structure benefits from diversified and cost-effective sources of financing, as a front-runner for the estate, and the company is in the middle.
By the end of 2016, the share of direct corporate financing had risen to 27%, interest-bearing liabilities had taken advantage of opportunities for integration, and large mergers and acquisitions had made a breakthrough. In 2016, the company, under the umbrella of the Paulie Group, assumed a real estate business with the China-China industry group.
At the end of the reporting period, the acquisition of eight real estate projects and one construction project under the China-China property industry had been completed, adding 1.4 million square metres of resources to be developed. At present, the company has acquired three projects in Tianjin, Chuhai and Sanya with 1.5 million square metres of additional resources to be developed, taking advantage of China-China resources.
On December 13, 2016, the company announced its shareholders’ return plan, which proposed: 1 to satisfy the current demand for equity holders, real owners, and other measures such as second-tier market build-ups, company buy-backs, and so on, to increase the company’s confidence in development. The company’s key financial data and projections show that the company is actively stabilizing its stock prices.
Cui Jin: Graduated from Tianjin Financial and Economic University and from the University of Manitoba, Canada, in the field of actuarial studies in the financial and real estate sector, respectively, on national securities and on Sinda securities. He has been qualified in securities investment consulting business, which was approved by the CVM, in the Chinese Securities Bulletin, China Real Estate, and the Securities Market Weekly, Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”). The present report was produced and published by the CVC. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference in investment decision-making for this group of customers, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations. It is provided only to specific customers, and is not intended for the general public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.