China Metallurgical (60118.sh) Breaking through overseas new signatures, operating cash flow pressure, architectural decorations, professional engineering
The decrease in the Māori rate for resource development operations was due to the steady improvement in the quality of orders, the rapid growth of new contracts for engineering contracts (s0980050400006) and the breakthrough in overseas contracts. In the first half of 2023, the company achieved new contracts
In the first half of the year, the company experienced a rapid growth in its overseas signatures, with a new contract of $21.62 billion for overseas engineering, an increase of 31.3 per cent, and a successful contract for the 1.6 million tons of joint steel plant project for Bangladesh's Anwar Consolidated Steel Plants Limited, a contract of $6.72 billion, and a further consolidation of the pioneering advantage of metallurgical construction.
Resource development operations achieved operating income of $4.28 billion, or +19.2 per cent, and, as a result of falling metal resource prices, the level of sales of the projects was almost the same as last year, the Rye Cobalt Mining Project in Papua New Guinea received a “one-way” country subsidy to compensate for the fall in market prices for some of its products.
Receivables are growing faster and operating cash flows are under pressure. The size of corporate receivables increased by $21.96 billion in the end of the first half of 2023. The net outflow of operating cash flows in the first half of the year was $14.52 billion, more than in the same period of the previous year.
Investment proposals: Adjustment of profit projections to maintain a “buy-in” rating. Companies as pioneers in metallurgical construction, China ' s China Metallurgical (601618.sh)-Smelt-building poles, with full potential for mineral resource development, actively expand non-steel operations, combine engineering and technological advantages, and build differentiated competitiveness in a variety of fields, under the banner.
The profitability of mineral resource development operations is high and there is sufficient potential for further expansion. Given the company’s first half of the year, China’s China Smelt (60118.sh) – 18.9 per cent increase in profits in the first half of the year, mineral development potential, faster growth in revenue performance and slower repayment liquidity, we have rules for subsequent revenue growth and impairment losses.
China Metallurgical (60118.sh) - The steady growth of performance, full impairment and cost containment Adding the risk of underdevelopment of mineral projects; the risk of price volatility of mineral resources; and the financial risk Greater decline in the Māori rate due to the steady improvement in the quality of purchase orders and 8.80 per cent for engineering contracts,
This represents an increase of 0.25 pct over the same period in the previous year, with a rapid increase in the number of new overseas signatures, which amount to $21.62 billion, an increase of 31.3 per cent over the previous year.
In the first half of 2023, the growth rate for corporate resources was 34.5%, down 11.8pt from the same period in the previous year. The company’s sales level for mineral projects was almost equal to last year’s, and the Rye Cobalt Project in Papua New Guinea received a “one-way” country subsidy.
Figure 5: Revenue from corporate resource development operations and Māori rates (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Receivables are growing faster and operating cash flows are under pressure. The size of corporate receivables increased by $21.96 billion at the end of the first half of 2023. Net operating cash outflows in the first half of the year amounted to $14.52 billion, an increase of $14.8 billion over the same period the previous year. Receivables are growing faster and cash flows are under pressure as a result of increased local fiscal pressure.
Investment proposals: Adjustment of profit projections to maintain a “buy-in” rating. Companies, as pioneers in metallurgical construction, build up non-steel businesses, combine technological advantages, create differentiated competitiveness in a variety of areas, have more profitability in mineral development operations and have sufficient potential for further expansion. Taking into account the increased performance of companies in the first half of the year,
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.