In China, China's semi-annual report for the year 2023 was published: RMB 3,34445.9 billion in operating income, and in China's second annual report, China's second annual report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's second report, China's first report, China's second report, China's second annual report, China's business revenue is RMB 3,34449 million.
▪ The company ' s performance was in line with expectations, with engineering contracting growing more rapidly, and engineering contracting/real estate development/equipment manufacturing/resource development, respectively, sustained by faster growth in engineering contracting operations.
With respect to cash flows, 2023h1 operated cash flows of $14.516 billion, and last year ' s reverse growth in the contract with the United States of America, while the contract with the United States of America for offshore metallurgy was broken by $396.08 billion, an increase of 20.8 per cent over the previous year.
Sub-operations: Building/transport and infrastructure/metallurgical works/other new contracts under more than $50 million of newly signed engineering contracts Sub-regions: fast growth of overseas orders, new construction contracts within/outbound respectively
A major breakthrough was the successful signing of the 1.6 million tons joint steel plant project at the Anwar Integrated Steel Plants Limited in Bangladesh.
During the first half of 2023, the company's three overseas centres, focusing on mining, continued to implement the “fast-drawn-out-out” business approach, stabilizing the basic production and operating base, maintaining overall excess profitability and achieving a total net profit of RMB 1.01 billion.
With specific reference to the priority mineral resources project, 2023h1 nickel cobalt/lead and zinc/copper gold is divided into billions of yuan; the silicon polycrystal silicon project in Loyang receives 443 million yuan (of which the new product is sold at 120 million yuan), resulting in a net profit of 3.08 million yuan. On the one hand, nickel and cobalt resources will continue.
To benefit from the growth in demand for new energy car-powered batteries; on the other hand, Silicon Loyang is implementing a project to upgrade electronic information materials, an “import substitution” project to fill gaps in high-end silicon material in the country, with a long-term outlook for resource plate growth.
Large and expected growth: 4.2, 3.6 and 2.1 times, respectively, considering that the company is the lead in the construction of metallurgical goods, resource development opens up room for growth and is expected to rise to valuation.
Increased, and therefore “buy-in” investment rating. Uncertainty; 4) Resource development business less than expected.
Wong Joon-wei: B.A. in Civil Engineering and Master in Finance, University of Khatami. More than five years of research in building materials and three years of experience in building materials.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters.