- Third-quarter report of the Washington Securities Commission.
On 30 October, the Third Quarterly Report issued by the Huathai Securities Board, the company achieved cumulative revenue of $12,778 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 4.60 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of $4,708 million, a decrease of 2.13 per cent in the same year and an eps of $0.66 per share.
In the first three quarters, the company accumulated $12,778 million in total revenues, an increase of 4.60 per cent over the same period, and achieved a steady increase in overall size. The net profit on return fell by 2.13 per cent over the industry as a whole. In terms of the business income structure, the contribution in the previous three quarters increased the company’s performance elasticity.
\triangleright has a strong edge in the corporate sector, maintaining a leading position and a high growth in business income.
Compared with the trend of depth 300, the Unit has accumulated revenues of $1,716 million, an increase of 578.26 per cent over the same period. The management of operations achieved $577 million in a single season, an increase of 178.74 per cent over the same period, an increase of 1.23 per cent over the previous quarter, and overall, a marked improvement in corporate business transformation.
By the end of the reporting period, the stock-based market had reached 7.52 per cent, ranking it as the first and second-highest marketer in the world, with revenues expected to continue to grow by nearly 30 per cent in the fourth quarter and 2018.
No. 2.74 percentage points: companies are ranked first in the class of bounties, Internet traffic is cited as stabilizing and industry is ranked first, and revenue from brokering is expected to improve. Merger and acquisition advantages drive growth in investment income, and business power is expected to continue to grow.
Thanks to the company ' s leading position in M & As, relying on professional pricing and resource integration capabilities, the performance of the B & I was significantly enhanced in the third quarter, with a single-season operating income of $605 million, with a Ring growth of 114.54 per cent, or 16.57 per cent. As regulatory adjustments to M & As the M & As policy and the deepening of State enterprise reform move forward, the company ' s traditional M & As
Business advantages are significant, and will drive the growth of the investment portfolio, which will be further demonstrated in the future. Corporate brokerage, the investment pool income, and the surge in management power, while steadily increasing by 26 billion dollars, have received feedback from the CVM. Based on strong core business competitiveness and strong industry dominance, we hold that position.
Review: Transforming wealth management, with brokers continuing to release 1; stock-based transactions falling short of expectations; 2; operating income falling short of expectations; 3 and market fluctuations exceeding expectations. Li Feng, Executive Vice-President of the Institute, served on the National Economic and Social Commission, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of National Trade, the China Sindha Trust Investment Corporation and the Chinese Galaxy Securities Corporation.