• Long-term growth in the performance of retail basic fertility by three quarters – $12,778 million, or 4.6 per cent, compared with 4.6 per cent in the previous quarter;
The retail customer base is the core dynamic of the long-term growth in the performance of the Huatay securities. Companies have a large number of customers, and stock exchange markets have been the first in the industry for many years.
The potential of the retail market is being exploited. As our residents grow in personal wealth, capital markets are being built at various levels, and financial technology is rapidly developing, new zeros are at the core of wealth management and asset allocation.
It is possible to develop a sales model. The company will have the leading financial technology in the industry, the power (the “breathing wealth”) and the advanced asset allocation experience and the globalization of the segment (assetmark), as well as the outstanding financial research capabilities that will help the company to make it happen.
It builds a new retail business model centred on wealth management and asset allocation, building on a large retail customer base, and building core competition for company sustainable development. Companies are now maintaining a base in low-end markets through low commission rates, for example.
The successful establishment of models that promote standardization and intelligent services generation in mid-to-end markets The basic benefits and high returns in high-end markets through sophisticated quality of services will establish continued competitiveness in retail markets.
At the same time, the company is building a four-dimensional combination of brokering and wealth management, institutional, investment management and international operations through a fully integrated business chain of collaboration, cross-line integration, internal and external linkages.
Financial business systems. Companies have the leading retail power in the industry and will play an important role in enhancing the overall competitiveness of the integrated financial business system.