The three-quarter review of the 2017 stock market: the three-quarter report of the 2017 stock market, the first three quarters of the 2017 stock market, and the first three quarters of the 2017 stock market.
Operating income of $12,778 million, an increase of 4.60 per cent over the same period, and net profits attributable to shareholders in parent companies of $4,708 million
At that point, corporate investment income fell less than industry-wide. As a result, corporate business income as a whole showed a small increase, with net profits falling significantly less than industry-wide net profits.
The market share of the brokering business continues to be a leader. The company’s market share of the brokering business has been strong in the past three quarters, with net commission rates falling to low levels early on, and there has been no significant decline in the company’s commission rate this year.
The company’s net commission rate is currently 0.023%, which is significantly lower than the industry’s net commission rate, and future corporate brokerage revenue is less vulnerable to a decline in the industry’s commission rate.
In the first half of the year, the pledge business grew to $76,842 million, maintaining a faster growth momentum, the industry market, bond underwriting, and the market share expanded further. In the first three quarters of 2017, the industry ' s overall bond underwriting declined significantly. Companies rely on long-term accumulation and platform resources, bond underwriting.
In the last three quarters, corporate bond cover amounted to $156,400 billion, compared to investment strategy: the company's many business developments were strong. The downloads and activity of the “Growing Wealth” have continued to grow rapidly, laying a solid foundation for companies to follow up on value-added services.
In the future, it is expected that the transformation of wealth management will be carried out through the restructuring and improvement of the organizational system, the product system, and the service system.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.