Investment rating: Increase (first) in the volume of communications (300394), major data (completed as at 31 October):
The company's business income for the first three quarters of 2017 was Tianfuin, Suzhou.
The data and communication market has become the main driving force of the market for optical devices and light modules. The “broadband China” strategy is still ongoing, with urban and rural households having a bandwidth of over 100 mps in 2020 and more than half of rural households having a bandwidth of over 50 mps in 2020, in accordance with the 13th Five-Year National Informatization Plan.
Fixed broadband household penetration is 70% and mobile broadband user penetration is 85%. Currently, our average broadband access rate is about 52mbps, with a gap between the 13th and 13th Goals, and further growth in investment in telecommunications is expected.
Up to 30.6eb/month, the capr is 53%. The data communications market (especially the cloud data centre) will become the annual light device and the light module in the light communication market, which will be about 10% caagr, with the cloud data centre at an average annual rate of about 20%.
The company's fund-raising project has been completed and the traditional three products have been upgraded. Ceramic tubes and fibre optics are worth hundreds of millions of dollars for a project to expand and upgrade lightless devices, which, on the basis of the company's subscription, has been completed with the addition of 108 million ceramic tubes, 30 million fibre optic adapters and 42 million light per year.
Productive capacity of the distribution interface component. The project was completed in the first half of 2017, and corporate revenue from traditional industries is expected to continue to grow rapidly. As some of the company ' s new product lines are based on the company ' s original products, the expansion of traditional product line capacity will provide important support for new operations.
In the second half of 2015, the cloud company launched a series of OSa high-speed optical devices, a photo-receivable component with isolation devices, and a series of new products from barrel, which will be produced in 2016.
The product of the Mpo series and the lens series of the Deepland International Building, 19-20th floor, was produced in bulk, while the company also carried out the osa product Great Wall State Swe Securities Ltd.
Lines, mpo product lines, phase two extension of Osa II has been completed. The company has now achieved a one-stop solution by connecting the industrial chain layouts from a package of super-precision-zero components-device replacements for raw materials, mainly light-module manufacturers.
In the context of the completion of phase II of the company ' s Osa product line and the achievement of volume production of the mpo product, the company ' s performance will continue to grow at a rapid rate, regardless of the impact of its release in 2017. We expect the company ' s 2017, corporate approach, elimination of negative values) to be 46.65 times higher, taking into account the high profile of the data communications market and the company ' s high profile.
The product's comprehensiveness, and we believe that the company's valuation still has some scope for upswing, has for the first time not given the desired level of improvement: a decline in the gross profit ratio of lightless devices; and risks such as exchange rate fluctuations.1 Major battalion operations are prominent and performance has grown robustly
The optical network connects sophisticated components and the provider of the solution has accumulated many of the world’s leading processes, proprietary technologies, such as oxidized ceramics, plastics, metals, etc., which have resulted in product lines such as ceramic cylinders, fibre optic adapters, photovoltaic components, osa, sequesters, fiberlens, high-density wire cable connectors (mpo), which are widely used in telecommunications, data communications, and material networking.
The Bureau, taking advantage of its regional advantages, has now developed a web-style layout of the Sioux State as its headquarters and research and development centre, Japan, Jiangxi as its research and development branch and its mass production base, and Shenzhen and Wuhan as its sales branch.
The company was founded in July 2005 by a coalition of Zou and Chu. It currently holds two positions, of which Mr. Zou is the president, director-general, and Mr. Chu is the director-general. The company is actually in control of Zou is the director and deputy director-general.
The main shareholders in the investment management company are the backbone of the Tianfu telecommunications company, which is the employee-owned company. Figure 2: Tianfu communications equity structure (as of 30 September 2017)
The product lines have been expanded and new products have been added, including osa (opticalsubasssembly, photo-based modules), lens series (optic lenses), ceramic cores, mpo (multi-core multi-channel plug-in fibre connectors). According to the latest annual report, the annual paper shows that luminous devices account for 92.03 per cent of income and contribute 93.37 per cent of gross profits.
Figure 5: Composition of corporate revenues in 2015 Figure 9: Māori and cost of companies over the last five years “Broadband China”
A boost + data communications market has erupted to provide a sustained power to the optical and photo-module markets 2.1 light communication industry development. The light communication industry chain begins with the manufacture of basic components, which are manufactured by the optical communications base element manufacturer, such as ceramic tubes, core plugs, etc.
The lightware manufacturer then produces various basic components and other parts, such as fibre optic adapters, optical and transient modules, and then the communications equipment manufacturer converts all types of optical devices into communications equipment, and the telecommunications operator procures communications equipment, fibre optic cables to form a network, which leads to the terminal figure 11: Basic structure of the optical communications industry
At present, light communication technologies are widely and universally used in the construction of the entire basic network, carrying more than 80% of the world’s communications operations, creating a market for light communications hardware equipment of tens of billions of dollars a year. Of this, the optical electronics industry, which accounts for more than 70% of the total output of the entire industrial chain, can be described as the heart of the light communication industry, and will certainly usher in a new turn of events.
According to C&C, the global market for light devices grew by 28.15 per cent to $10 billion in 2016. China’s market for light devices was about $4.23 billion, accounting for 42 per cent of the global market. The market for light devices is source-based and non-source-based. According to the Industrial Information Network, the market for unsourced devices generally accounts for only about 25 per cent of the total market for light devices, with source devices accounting for about 75 per cent.
According to the “13th Five” National Information Integration Plan, by 2020, large and medium-sized urban households will have achieved more than 100 mbps of flexible bandwidth, with more than half of rural households using more than half of them.
With the support of national policies, the country’s information infrastructure has been developed more rapidly.
The current average broadband access rate is 52mbps. According to the second quarter report of the Broadband Development Alliance in 2017, we have a rate of 69.1% of fixed-line Internet users, 78.3% of mobile broadband users, and an increasing rate of downloads among users, with an average download rate of 14.11mps, with 10 million households accounting for 82.3% of the total number of fixed Internet broadband users.
We believe that, while there has been a significant increase in broadband penetration and speed in the country, there is a gap with the 13th Plan target and that, in the future, with the gradual rise of applications such as 4k, 8k, autopilot, vr/ar and the gradual landing of 5g, investment in basic telecommunications systems such as fibre-optic communication systems in telecommunications will continue to increase, thus contributing to the further development of the market for upstream optical and light modules and related components.
The rapid growth of the data communications market has given new impetus to the growth of lightware and light modules. According to Cisco, global ip flows will reach 194.4eb/month in 2020, and cagr will reach 22 per cent in 2015-2020, of which net traffic will reach 130.8eb/month, cagr 21 per month, and mobile flows will reach 30.6eb/, according to the communications market (especially cloud data centres), will be the main driving force behind the growth of lightware and light module markets, which is projected by Lightcounting.
Lightware and light modules in 2017-2021 grew at an average annual rate of 20% left right at the market for cloud data centres by about 10%. The Centre for Research in the Chording Industry (c&c) estimated a growth rate of about 20% in the market for light modules in 2016, while the market for data centres light modules increased by 31.22%.
According to the lightcounting data (compiled by iccsz), the global sales revenue from the luminous module in 2015 was approximately $4.62 billion, compared to 10.94 per cent in the cagr in 2011-2015 and is projected to be about 8.97 per cent in the cagr 2015-2020 period; the domestic market grew at a relatively faster rate, with sales revenue in 2015 estimated to be about a high demand for high-speed luminous modules, with the global market projected to grow at an average rate of 18 per cent over the next five years, reaching $6 billion in 2022.
Figure 18: Global optical module sales revenue and growth rate 2014-2020 Figure 19: Our light module sales revenue and growth rate 2014-2020 Figure 20: Global changes in sales revenue for various light modules (millions of United States dollars)
Figure 21: Distribution of global sales of 100g light modules 3 Product lines expanded to provide one-stop solutions for light module clients Traditional products of companies include ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapters and fibre-optic interface components product lines (and accompanied sophisticated metal sets, model notes)
The company's recent addition of ceramic cores, fibre-optic connectors (mpo), optical sub-modules (osa)odm/oem, fibre-optic lenses, etc. has been further expanded downstream and the product lines are being improved. Currently, the company has completed the organization and planning of nine product lines, including platinum oxide, cnc precision metal product lines, optic component product lines, zaodm/oem product lines, sequester product lines, fibre-optic lens lines,
Cable connector product lines, molding product lines, fibre optic adapter product lines, a complete set of ultra-precision network connections to industrial chain layouts from raw materials, precision zero components, leading the industry in the direction of miniaturization, high precision and high performance, and providing a one-stop solution for customers (mainly light-module manufacturers).
Figure 22: The main products of communications and their relationships as a company ' s traditional business, with ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapters and optical and optical interface components as the basis for the company ' s business expansion, according to the Message Stone Information Consultancy (iccsz), the global market occupied 5.81 per cent of the company ' s ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapters and optical and optical interface components in 2014, respectively.
1.55 per cent, 10.84 per cent. With the initial collection of $247 million, the company completed the project by March 2017, using the company ' s share acquisition statement, with the addition of 108 million ceramic tubes, 30 million fibre optic adapters, and 42 million fibre-optic interface components. According to the company ' s semi-annual report for 2017, the project was completed at the end of March 2017, with the company ' s traditional product production capacity relative to 2014.
In August 2015, according to a company announcement, the company's board of directors decided to invest 20 million yuan in the construction of a “project for a fully automated production line of 10 g or more (high transmission speed light)” to produce 2.4 million units of 10 g or more in the post-natal year, with a nine-month construction period; in September of the same year, the public
The Division displayed 10 gtosa products, with sequester Osa-receptacle (with sequester components), barrel (with non-spheric mirrors of 10,000 yuan, which was mainly generated from the company ' s osaodm/oem product line (a surrogate). In the first half of 2017, the mpo series entered the bulk production phase (the company ' s mpo line is primarily directed to the data centre) and the fine Fiberlens series of products from the foil entered the small batch.
In addition to the production phase, the company is actively preparing new product lines to upgrade its capacity, including the Osa high-speed optical device line, the Jiangxi II product line, the Mpo product line, the Jiangxi II product line, etc., which, according to the network of company officials, has been extended to produce the Osa substitute product line, phase II, and the new production capacity will be released gradually. In January 2017, the company published a non-public release plan, with no more than 718 million funds to be raised for the high-speed optical device project, the main project being the high-speed optical device project.
Under the project, the company will enhance the production capacity of various high-speed optical devices through the provision of multi-product solutions for downstream light module clients. The project is expected to last 30 months, after delivery, to produce 30.6 million high-speed optical devices, with a projected annual operating income of 834 million dollars and a normal annual profit of about $150 million. The company will actively undertake pre-project research and development, of which 40 g and above will receive fibre optics.
Research and development is progressing well in the form of interface components, high-speed high-capacity fibre-optic communications with 100 gosa devices, high-speed lightless power-to-power platinum tubes, high-speed fibre optics, interface component processes and equipment, etc. The company’s core competitiveness is based on high reliability, accuracy, consistency, and data fragmentation.
Condom processing accuracy within 1 μm, stainless steel processing accuracy within 5 μm, ceramic tube insertion loss < 0.1 db, which is significantly below industry standard ~ 0.20 db, while mass product penetration loss, concentricity and inner permeability, interpolation, mechanical durability, etc. are highly consistent parameters, and we believe that the reliability, accuracy, consistency, etc. will increase as light transmission rates increase.
The higher the demand for low-precision products will gradually shift towards high-precision products, and the sophisticated manufacturing processes that companies have accumulated over a long period of time will lay a solid foundation for companies to take a leading position in a changing market environment. In the context of the global shift of the lightware industry to China, corporate products will be the preferred choice for many domestic and foreign customers with their high-quality, high-value comparative advantage.
For the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index is defined as follows: