China State Air (60111.sh): International routes continue to recover, and attention is paid to the company's elastic performance.
The company, our flag airline, is mainly engaged in international and subsequent losses of $3.18 billion, which represents a significant decrease from the 39.18 billion lost in the same period last year. Four of these are regular and irregular domestic air passenger, cargo, mail and baggage shipments.
The company collects $35.620 billion, resulting in a loss of $2.3 billion, which is a loss of $2.3 billion, for the operation of revenue; for the operation of domestic and international official flights; for the operation of aircraft; for the maintenance of aircraft; and for the inter-air agent;
Ground services and air couriers related to main battalion operations; more than $30 billion in aircraft, mainly due to the resumption of normal business operations; tax-free goods; retail operations on board; air accident insurance
With regard to shipping, the acquisition of the impact of the mountain voyage has led to an increase in domestic shipping by 127.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with the risk sales agent: import and export operations, and an increase of 23.5 to 67.7 per cent in the number of passengers on international routes.
(b) On international routes, a significant increase in supply resulted in a drop in the income of the passenger km compared to the 52-week share price zone as a result of a significant increase in supply.
71.7 to 0.66 person/km, but still significantly higher than 0.43 person/km in the same period in 19 years, which can be related to the slow pace of recovery of long international routes.
The recovery of the total stock/flowa share (million shares) has resulted in a significant improvement in the unit cost of the company.
Hours, but there's a gap over the same period of 19 years. With the resumption of international flights, investment returns and other gains have been reduced: the company's 23-year investment earnings, which have risen significantly from the same period of -30 million last year, have risen mainly from $252 million in 22 years.
International shipping continues to recover, with companies becoming more profitable and resilient: as the top of the three pre-epidemiological fleets, limited international shipping capacity is the main reason for the country’s performance. With the recovery last year, industry-wide international shipping capacity has now returned to around 70% of the same period in 19 years.
As international routes continue to recover, the company’s daily aircraft utilization is expected to increase further, and the accumulation of domestic routes will be significantly reduced. Against this background, we believe that national shipping is more profitable and flexible.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, China National Navigation (601111.sh): The international route continues to recover, with attention paid to the elasticity of corporate performance, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, China National Navigation (601111.sh): The international route continues to recover, with attention paid to the elasticity of corporate performance, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Cao Fung, Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Master of Financial Mathematics, eight years of investment research experience, 2015-2018, who worked in the Open Securities Development Researcher’s own research perspective. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related. The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, China National Navigation (60111.sh): the international route continues to recover, and attention is paid to the elasticity of the company’s performance.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.