In 2023, the company realized operating income from China National Airlines (601111).
Compared to 2019, the gross revenue increased slightly, with a 14.1 per cent increase in the per capita income. During the same period, international and regional line revenue continued to vary considerably; in 2023, the per capita income reached a higher level of cost per unit of fuel, influenced by the price of air oil.
The company ' s performance throughout the year continued to suffer, but has been significantly repaired, owing to a number of factors, such as ask fuel costs compared to the same period in 2019 and 27.8 per cent, corresponding unit ask non-oil costs, domestic and foreign imbalances in supply and demand and high oil prices.
Each year, the number of seats available to the company ask and passenger turnover rpk amounted to 87.9 per cent and 79.1 per cent respectively of the same period in 2019, with a guest rate of 73.2 per cent, a difference of 8.2 pct compared to 2019; sub-area, China National Airlines (6011111), in-depth reports:
The advantages of HFSS were maintained, with future performance elasticity periods ask and rpk reaching 114.1 per cent, 111.4 per cent and seating rates 1.9 pct, respectively, for the same period in 2019.
The size of the company fleet reached 905 by the end of December 2023, an average of 9.36 years.
In 2023, the ltd Division reached 8.14 hours per day, down from 9.72 hours in 2019.
1.58 Hours. By the end of February 2024, the company fleet had reached 908 aircraft. The company continued to improve its future profitability in 2024, maintaining its “buy-in” rating of the company.
He's a doctor at the Chinese University of Mines, a registered consulting (investment) engineer, Deputy Director-General of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, a member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, a member of the expert bank of China’s International Engineering Consulting Corporation, and a member of the Chinese Price Association.
Member of the Commission on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association, for more than 10 years in research and advisory work in coal, charcoal and energy-related fields.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.