Aipc's scarce aipc tap on a soft, hard, whole-store layout 05 0624, based on the Chinese core-based technology, fully built the basics of national production. 1) with swanlinkos at its core.
The company has built the first operating system in the industry to prepare a cross-command set of swanlinkos, based on the company's subsidiary, Hung Hak-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung has now entered into a strategic partnership with Liad-Aliot, a leading company like Mei-tae, to be used in a number of industries, including electricity.
At the same time, the important potential of the pc market, coupled with the growth of the IT industry, is likely to open up a new space for development, and the soft-power subsidiary, the Hong Kong-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-h-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-H-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-H
The operational system fits the pc end, and the demonstration effects are highlighted. Strategic acquisition of computers and building of a "soft and hard-forward" full-blown capacity. 1) Computes the company against the same party \triangleright
The acquisition of machines to build a “soft and hard” full-blown capacity. The focus of computers on research and development, production, programme design and implementation services for computer-related hardware products and peripheral equipment is expected to result in more and better overall national production infrastructure programmes and products; and the active promotion of smart electronics in international consumer markets.
In 2023, the equivalent of $5.45 billion was added to $9.59 billion.
The "Mechanical Revolution" has a higher market position. According to the List of Ten Hot Brands (Sales) for the Year 2023 Game Books, published by the official public number Whale Chiefs of Electric Data, the Mechanical Revolution ranked second in the Hot Top 10 list for the Game House in 2023. In fact, in November 2023,
24-year-old news reports: full-scale domestic production of basic hardware and hardware, and a new high in the sales of the arms revolution, the sale of the mechanical revolution between the beginning of 2023 and the end of 2023.
In the direction of aipc, there is an important potential for hardware and software +ai to be placed on a full warehouse. The company relies on the high \triangleright heart partner, "soft + hard" to form the path of the dragon's growth.
-2023/11/13 End-side combination arithmetic advantages of cpu+gpu+npu from performance terminals combined with the cloud of the Centre of Intelligence 3. Soft flow power (301236.sz) tri-quarter reporting point 2023
The cloud edge ecosystems, the depth layout of the aipc infrastructure and ecological development, the development of products such as the ai smart body assistant, and the further development of high-performance mobile terminals covering a large number of scenarios for the thematic landscapes in the aipc sub-areas have important development potential.
Soft power (301236.sz) semi-annual report 2023 Investment proposals: corporate brand hardware plus three basic software + aiping: strategic layout continues to move forward, letter starter, i, etc.
The layout of table 2023/08/25 with a view to long-term growth has been formalized as both bottom-level hardware and core software capabilities, while taking stock of the flex power (301236.sz) incident:
The year of Buola's launch and the creation of a new flag for the national production operating system is expected to become aipc, and the company will take advantage of the wave of industrial change aipc and build itself in the future - 2022/12/06
\triangleright 1 is based on the Chinese core root technology, full-scale development of the national production base software 1.1 with swanlinkos as its core product, and full-scale development of the future.
The company has built the first operating system with a cross-directional set of instructions, swanlinkos. To date, the company has worked with leading companies like Liad, Elliott, and Mithai to launch a fully-owned technology-card solution, and the mine with swanlinkos is protected by high/low pressure, etc.
The apparel has been successfully commercialized by co-publishing with partners a number of open-source products in the electricity sector, issuing open-source solutions in a number of cities, including gas and alarms, social security card card reading cards, etc., and is already building a model stick and actively promoting the standardization of operating systems.
On January 18, 2024, during a ceremony on the opening of the ecological sails, the former announced the opening of a preview for developers of the harmonyos next to Xingxing River.
The harmonyosnext version is based on the kernel of Hung, no longer relies on the kernels of Relinux or unix, like systems like Andre and ios, and future applications based on Andre will no longer be compatible, so it is known that the commercial version will be released in the fourth quarter of the year and will be officially available to ordinary consumers.
On April 7, 2007, China announced that more than 4,000 applications had been added to Hong Meng's ecology for the launch of the original version. From January 18, China announced that more than 200 of its first applications were accelerating the development of Hong Meng's native applications.
By the end of March, more than 4,000 applications had been used, and Hong Meng’s eco-ecology was growing at a high rate. The pc market’s important potential added to the trend in the IT-for-business sector, and Hong Men’s potential to open up new opportunities for development.
In 2023, China increased its sales of desktops and laptops by 11% on a year-on-year basis in mainland China; its market share rose from 7% in 2022 to 10%. As can be seen, the domestic pc market still has important potential, and China is rapidly upgrading its position.
China, as the backbone of the credit-for-thought industry, is expected to benefit from the promotion of national production as a substitute for large trends, and the combination of Hong Mun and pc is expected to open up new space for development. Figure 1: Share of desktops and laptops in mainland China, 2022
Figure 2: The share of desktops and laptops in mainland China in 2023, the soft power company Hong-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hun-H-H-H-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hun-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H
Openharmony 3.2release, pc-end swanlinkos commercial pc distribution (Beta version). This is the first nationally owned pc end distribution operating system for the x86 platform built on the openharmony digital base in the country. At the same time, the team of engineers is already in the process of opening up.
The initial match between orangepios (oh) and pc was completed on board the development board of rk35663b, and the attempts at the end of pc continued to progress.
With regard to Open-source Eurola, the company has developed its own version of the corporate server operating system, OSisseos, to complete the compatibility of the mainstream national production server cpu and the Osv certification of the Osv community, and to complete compatibility with the mainstream database/intermediate plant in the country. At the same time, the company has released a stop.
The service chain tool chains tooles 2.0s and puneulemanagedby ' s soft power solutions and accompanying platform tools.
In the open-source Eurola area, progress is continuing: for example, the company poles project was successful in 2023, and the country's mobile procurement package “The cloud intelligence centre migration technical services project 2023-2024” was ranked first in the list of selected firms.
In open-source Gauss, the company developed a commercial distribution version db (issuedb) of the database based on the inter-opngauss core. The crane data reproduction tool created product solutions for database migration, disaster tolerance, backup, etc. and successfully certified through a major communications equipment company, while launching a multi-platform database management platform product, which is available.
Manages a variety of database capabilities, such as Gauss. Companies participate in the gaussdb database ' s eco-development programme for the financial sector, co-publishs the "Industrial Financial Movable Financial Repository Solution" with a large telecommunications facility, and create joint solutions such as insurance digitization, fund management platforms, financial cores, treasury, etc.
Business management software, such as erp, continues to be configured. Soft-driven enterprise management software service lines, which provide specialized advice and digital transformation services to clients, create an integrated service capability of erp, including corporate finance (own product), friends, golden flutters, sap, a large telecommunications facility, etc., to meet clients in different fields.
Corporate management software needs. In the area of corporate treasury management, companies have succeeded in expanding and consolidating their leadership in such important corporate clients as the National Energy Group, the China Business and Air Group, and the All-China Group, which are highly influential in the industry.
Vendors cooperate in the areas of product development, consulting, marketing, delivery, etc..2 Strategic acquisition of computers, creation of “soft and hard” full-storage capability 2.1 acquisition of computers, and creation of “soft and hard” full-storage capacity
According to the company ' s bulletin of progress on transactions for the purchase of assets, issued on 1 February 2024, as of the date of disclosure, the company/softline intelligence has completed procedures such as centralized operator review and offshore investment filing, and has paid 100 per cent of the computer shares of the same party, 100 per cent of the international equity shares of the same party, and soft intelligence and co-location.
The shares have been registered in connection with the transfer of shares in computers and international shares of the same party. After the change in the transfer of shares has been completed, the company will hold 100 per cent of the shares in computers of the same party through the second-tier fully owned subsidiary, and the same computer and co-party international will become the full-owned subsidiary of soft intelligence.
A better growth in co-computers and co-computers will be achieved in 2023. The co-computers will earn 2022. The co-computers will be active, aipc core markets, with potential for the future. 1) The co-computers will focus on the development and production of computer-related hardware products and peripheral equipment, programme design and implementation services, and more are expected to be launched.
(b) Better overall programmes and products for the national production of IT infrastructure. 2) International: towards consumer markets, companies will actively promote business development related to smart electronics. Increasing research and development on smart electronics, exploring new technologies, materials, applications and models, continuously upgrading the intellectualization and user experience of products; and strengthening synergies in industrial chains.
And work on branding smart electronic products of mechanical revolutionary consumption, building on the power of cpu+gpu+npu ' s end-of-side numeracy based on the high-performance terminals of the mechanical revolution, combined with the cloud-end computing power and soft-wielding day of the company ' s intelligence centre, cloud-side ecosystems from a large model of 2.0 maas end-sideai, deep layout aipc base
Softness has accumulated more at the end. 1) The main bottom hardware and software products continue to be eco-friendly: companies continue to improve the whole-basket technology with a core of android, linux, rtos, hunzo operating systems, multichip platforms.
(ii) Large end-ai model: companies work with major domestic cellular brands to achieve end-end large model applications and are based on OS layer algorithms and resource tubes.
In-depth collaboration has been achieved in training in modelling, training data correction. 3) Testing certification: extended to flatboard and laptop operations, taking over a test project for the Hong Meng system. 2.2 The mechanical revolution is a core brand under the same flag and is expected to become aipc development.
The important brand of "mechanical revolution" under the same computer flag has a higher market position. According to the official public list of top ten brand sales (selling) of the 2023 annual game book, published by the Whale Staff, the staff combined the sales of all brands under the computer office on the Kyoto platform, the computer whole machine, and the game's originals.
According to the statistics, the hot-market Top 10 list for the game book in 2023 was counted, with the mechanical revolution ranked second in the hot-market Top 10 list for the game book in 2023. In fact, in November 2023, the volume of mechanical revolution sales was newly high, and in the early part of 2023, the number of machines in the period of "Boy Eleven" between 2023 and 2023.
The revolution has reached over 1 million sales.3 Towards aipc, the hardware and software +ai all-store layout has significant potential, 3.1 depth layout, and intelligent leadership has led to long-term growth in the industry.
At the level of the i and large models, companies publish the "Soft Skycrew 2.0 Maas Platform" to enable corporate intelligence innovation in a number of vertical areas, such as banking, insurance, retailing, general administration, etc.
/Tung and the National Chip Launcher Series, which includes one machine, one machine, one machine, one platform, and one platform for integration, have successfully completed the construction of digital cloud bottoms for many of our clients, and the platform for integration based on the tenai platform is located in a variety of applications, such as scientific institutes, airport control centres, etc.
The company's self-researched “Soft-Technology 2.0maas platform”, which provides clients with the base of large model technologies, industry models and management, scenario-based model applications, large model operation services, large model data governance and security services by connecting with the mainstream integrated manufacturer large model and the open-source-based new generation of artificial intelligence technology platforms.
In the insurance sector, the Softtensium 2.0maas platform helped clients to achieve smart analysis of data and industry model training and pioneered the launch of the insurance industry model; and 2) in the area of software development in the financial sector, the Soft Powered Engineering Efficiency Enhancement package is now officially operational, and the Test Support Software aitd platform is operational;
3) In the field of safe production in agriculture, co-built eco-innovation laboratories in the agro-food sector, such as the Soft Power Federation and the Food and Security Section, to explore the application of large models in the field of safety in production; 4) recruitment for enterprises, with soft power going on and on to large enterprises, the Pro version of the Soft Power and the Plus version of the Soft Power for Small and Medium Enterprises.
To integrate software and hardware capabilities and publish products such as the new corporate intelligence center, the swanlinkai smart recognition application. 1) Business intelligence center: as an important component of the soft-tunnel 2.0maas platform.
Upgrades in the knowledge center will strengthen the positioning of the 2.0maas platform 'System-based Smart Applications Innovation Centre and better position the ground to the value chain and management areas to enable the intellectual transformation of clients. 2) swanlinkai Smart recognition Application: companies built swanlinkai Smart recognition based on swanlinkos ' intellectual recognition properties
The soft power company, the Hong Kong-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hong, built on the swanlin-kos, has developed a framework for the i-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser.
3.2 Forwarding to aipc, the software+hardware+ai platform highlights its own scarcity, relying on the end-side numeracy advantage of cpu+gpu+npu, formed by the mechanical revolution high performance terminal, to match the cloud edge of the corporate intelligence centre ' s cloud-end computing power with that of a large model of soft turbo 2.0 maas endai.
Ecosystems, companies will provide deep layout of aipc infrastructure and ecological development, building high-performance mobile terminals covering a wide range of scenarios, such as programmers, entertainment power competitions, workshops, study studies, providing exclusive personalization services for users ' work, life, learning and landscapes, credible and secure personal data and privacy guarantees, and even lower ones.
In particular, the company ' s layout aipc is based on the following elements:
The R & D test conditions provide a full R & D design capability from chip design, card design, software and embedded system development, product development, skin design to whole system design, a full set of IT infrastructure solutions from terminal to server, platform to application, and a complete business layout for computing hardware.
2) There are strong synergies in the industrial chain: it has a one-size-fits-all odm+oem dual-tracking model in mainland China, and it is working closely with upstream suppliers such as British Weida, Intel, Amd, Microsoft to promote a continuous increase in the synergies in the industrial chain and to lay an important foundation for the layout of the aipc.
Fig. 9: Mechanical Revolution Products Combination Software End: The company builds the basic software of national production based on Chinese core technology. The company relies on the company's subsidiary, the Hong Kong-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung, to build the first operating system with a cross-command set of swanlinkos, in "Blood-Hing-Hing"
While companies have important potential in the context of the larger trend towards accelerated development, they are also actively promoting the expansion of the pc end, and the subsidiary, the Hong Kong-Hung-kwan Federation, is taking the lead in completing the pc end of the openharmony operating system. At the same time, the company’s layout of basic software, such as server operating systems, databases, etc., is continuing to deepen, with basic software ecology.
At the Itoai platform, building a one-storey service capacity from hardware computing base, model algorithm base to the one-storey platform. At the i and large model level, companies publish the "Soft Skycrew 2.0 Maas platform" to provide clients with a large model technology base, a large industry model and management, a large scenario model application, and a large model operating suit.
At the same time, the company integrates software and hardware capabilities and publishes products such as the new corporate smart knowledge center, swanlinkai smart recognition applications. Therefore, the company is expected to target the subject field in the area of aipc disaggregation.
Soft computing works with Intel to publish China’s first one-in-one, which conforms to the green computer code.
The standard green computer model "Better than a7000." The new edition goes beyond a7000, and represents a deep practice of soft computing for the concept of green computers, both in terms of product life cycle, and in terms of configuration, materials, functionality. In fact, as early as February 2023, soft computing worked with Intel, and eco-industry.
At the hardware level, co-computers can provide adequate technical support; at the software level, there is sufficient accumulation of technology at the openharmony level.
The accelerated development of aipc and the prospect of the realization of products and the like with its own comprehensive layout in the field of hardware and software, 4 profitable predictions and investment proposals.
Companies with basic software, such as databases, erp, which acquires the same party, have a deep profile at the end of their national production capacity.
Corporate co-brand hardware + the layout of the three basic software + the "Hongmon+Ola+Goss" platform has been formalized as a company with both bottom-level hardware and core software capabilities and a platform-based layout in the ai area, highlighting its own scarcity. With the rapid development of the one hardware terminal, it is expected that it will be in place in 2024.
For aipc, firms take advantage of aipc’s boom in industrial change and are expected to build their own new growth in the future 1) risks of increased competition in the industry. In the context of the growing trend of end-makers and ai producers to increase inputs to end-uses such as aipc, industry competition may increase, thereby creating uncertainty in industry development.
2) Risks of technological change. Terminals such as aipc are currently in the early stages of development, and with a combination of large models, hardware, software, etc., the future course of technology may change, thereby creating uncertainty for industry development. 3) Policy is not as good as expected.
But benefiting from national production policies, which drive up market shares year after year, lower than expected localization of subsequent national production support policies may slow progress in domestic production, soft and hardware, affecting the prospects for growth in corporate performance.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.