At the dawn of the year, there is a prospect of a rise in the leadership of both hardware and software.
Services, digital technology services, counselling and solutions, and digitalization operate for a large part of the world. The company works with top-level companies such as Wah, Tanteng, 100 degrees, and Ali Baba. In 2023, the company grew to $6,437 billion, the largest digital technology service provider in China.
: Technically: the harmonyosnext version will be released in the fourth quarter of this year as a commercial version for consumers. On the product: China is a new end product, and the amount of HONG's loading machine is rising rapidly. q1, in 2024, China returned to the top, rising to 17% for mobile phones.
Policy: On May 20, the evaluation announcement (No. 1 of 2024) was published. The number of participants in the operating system increased, giving more possibilities to new operators.
In 2023, the market for the Hong Menpc operating system was $18.3 billion; the market for cellular applications was $20 billion; the market for China's vehicle carriers was $18.5 billion; and the network operating system was expected to reach 10 billion. Soft-to-Toon was the first openharmony in China.
Eco-enabling partners, with China holding 5% of the shares. Companies ranked fifth in open-source community code changes. In February 2024, Softline announced that it had completed the acquisition of computers from both international and co-owners, the layout of pc, and the successful construction of the Hing Ppc hardware and hardware as one product matrix, with enhanced competitiveness.
On the one hand, the Department has launched a commercial distribution version of the crane operating system and a one-stop service solution for pneuller. On the other hand, the company publishes a soft power database based on the opengas core.
In 2023, the net interest rate was 12%, an increase of 6 pccs compared to 2023, with a return in profitability, and the company’s communications-related business is expected to warm up.
In 2023, 4020 million yuan was collected. Arithmetic is the main force of national computing, and the acquisition of soft and large Chinese can be combined with the other party’s computer hardware to enhance competitiveness.
Microsoft releases aipc, and gartner expects that by 2025 aipc's volume will account for 43% of all pc's volume. The same international brand of mechanical revolution computers will be actively configured for aipc, which is expected to grow rapidly along with the increased penetration of aipc.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: 2024 is the year of Hong Meng, the first digital technology service provider and leader partner in China, and the acquisition of a co-founder's software and hardware as one solution is expected to be the first to benefit from the rise of Hung. Meanwhile, the company's acquisition of cosmopolitans is arithmetic and aipc.
Software and hardware are working together. For the sake of profitability, the company’s main business is expected to warm up. On this basis, we give 1.a. to digital innovation, the domestic core of itt service provider, 1.1. China’s head digital service provider, H.E. Hua, the Internet company.
In 2005, the company was founded in Beijing, and now has nearly 100 branches in more than 40 cities around the world, with nearly 90,000 employees.
In December 2010, the company was listed in New York, showing a large number of 500 companies around the world, such as Tao. Taking stock of digital innovation and national production trends, the company was privatized in 2014 and gradually shifted its business focus to the country.
There has been cooperation. So far, we have received a number of honours, such as “2021 China’s Top 100 Software and Information Technology Services Competitiveness” and “2022 China’s New Economic Enterprise 500”.
Corporate operations consist mainly of generic technology services, digital technology services, consultancy and solutions, and digitalization operations. Common technology services are technology-oriented and provide a wide range of information technology services to clients, such as information systems planning and development, product engineering, testing, operation maintenance, etc.
Digital technology services develop autonomously controlled hardware and software products, provide joint solutions, digital infrastructure and integration services, creating a full-chain digital technology service capability and a complete array of operational guidelines covering the “blacknet edge wisdom”. These include, inter alia, cloud intelligence, credit creation and open-source Monola, industrial Internet, enterprise management software and systems integration uniforms.
Horizontally, companies form eight main lines of capacity, including strategic planning and process change, business digital transformation, data enabling, smart manufacturing, business information planning, digital marketing, business security, cloud consulting & digital parks. Vertically, they gradually infiltrate eight major lines of manufacturing, transport, retailing, medical care, high technology, energy, etc.
Digital operations. Soft power digital operations service is driven by data and digital technology, providing clients with end-to-end digitization, intelligent operations services and solutions covering digital marketing and user experiences, digital content services, customer service, business process operations services, helping clients reduce operating costs.
Mr. Liu is a realist, with a share of 23.75%, and has a strong professional background. Mr. Liu holds a Bachelor of Electronic Engineering, a Master of Engineering degree, a student from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (mit) Sloan, formerly a multinational company like Siemens, Dec, etc.
In 2023, the global economy went down, market demand was inadequate, and the income sector was diversified. Since the company’s inception, it has grown in the fields of deep-farming communications equipment, Internet services, and so forth.
In 2020-2023, the share of the company’s largest telecommunications equipment industry declined, while the share of other industries rose, and the distribution of the construction industry became more diversified.
In 2018-2020, cloud computing, big data industries developed, company numbers of technical services income increased, and Māori rates were relatively high; after 2021, affected by the epidemic and downstream demand, gross costs remained stable and per capita income generation increased. Cost rates showed a downward trend in production operations; companies fell.
Low management costs, improved operational efficiency, and a system of organizations that respond quickly to market demands. 2. From 2018 to 2023, the year of Hong Kong's first year, 2.1.2024 was the year of Hong Kong's industrial year.
We expect 2024 to be a year of rapid growth in the Qingmong industrial chain, with three main points of industry catalyticity. 2.1.1. Technology: Quite a lot of technology, harmonyosnext. August 4, 2023, at the Developers Conference, China launched a harmonyos for developers.
This is the first quarter of 2024, open to all developers!
Harmonyosnext's bottom-line self-research, removing the traditional aosp code, supporting only the application of the kernel and the tropics system, and no longer compatible with Andreos. By reducing the redundant code by 40%, the system's fluidity, energy efficiency, and pure safety features are greatly enhanced.
In April 2024, China announced that more than 4,000 applications had been added to Hong Mung Mun.
It is worth noting that, from January 18, 2024, when China announced that the first 200 applications were in the process of being developed, by the end of March, more than 4,000 applications were being developed, a 20-fold increase in just two months. As of April 2024, a preview of the developers of the Harmonyosnext Hung Mon River has been open to developers.
A commercial version for consumers will be released in the fourth quarter of this year. The introduction of “blind blood” harmonyos is expected to produce a large number of applications that can be adapted, relocated, developed, and the company Hong Mon’s industrial chain can be expected to benefit in depth.
2.1.2. On products: China is a new end product that is constantly being published, and there is a rapid increase in the volume of installed machines, as can be seen from the “1+8+n” panorama strategy, the “1” mobile phone and the “8” pc, tablet, smart watch, etc. are the ecological core hardware.
On August 29, 2023, China released Mate 60 via Weibo, which opened at 12:08. According to the market research institute, the company marketresearch and caalys, in the eight weeks since it was listed, China sold 2.4 million of the mate60 series domestically.
As of 1 March 2024, the combined sales of two machines, the mate60 and the mate x5 series, were 10 million. On 22 April 2024, at 10:08 a.m., they were the pura70, the pura70pro + two of the pura70 series.
The cash machine was officially opened for sale at a price of $5499, which also announced that all four of the Pura70 series were on the market, and that the number of new generation Harmony 4.0 operating system upgrades had exceeded 100 million. On August 4, 2023, at the China Developer Conference, Harmonyos4 was officially released.
On October 30, Harmonyos 4 upgrades broke through, with over 180 units involved in upgrades, product-covering cell phones, table boards, watches, headphones, smart screens, and as the volume of China's mobile phones increases, the capacity of Hong Men's phones will increase rapidly.
The system wants to survive, with 16% of the city's share being a “lifeline”. Thanks to the hot sales of products like the Mate 60 series, q4, Hong Monos has crossed the “lifeline” in China's market in 2023.
The development board completed the initial approximation of orangepios (oh) to pc for the first time in the country to run the open-source Hung Meng operating system on pc devices. We expect that in 2024, China is expected to pick up the pc version of the pc run. In 2023, China's pc market volume was 64.3 million, compared to 2023.
In 2022, China increased its share of pc in the Chinese district by 3 pc, reaching 10%. China’s share of pc is gradually rising, and the volume of pc in 2024 is expected to increase significantly as productive capacity is resolved.
On April 24, 2024, Hung Munji-san officially released a new question world m5.
In 2023, the Chinese car-car-os market was 18.5 billion yuan, which used to be qnx, linux, etc.
Four major types of systems are expected to be fully nationalized, and the process of industrialization of intelligent end-states is expected to accelerate. Policies impose national production requirements on four major categories of systems: office management systems; network security and infrastructure; business management; and production operations.
On 20 May 2024, China’s Information Security Monitoring and Evaluation Centre issued an announcement on the results of the evaluation (No. 1 of 2024). The number of participants in the operating system has increased, competition patterns have become more complex, and both Translator and Xinian have appeared and entered the server list.
On October 31, 2023, Southern Power Networks and the Open Atom Open Source Foundation jointly released the country's first power-combined operating system, the Hong Kong Federation, which provides a power-combined system for large-scale access to and maintenance of future new power systems.
The main applications of “Hong” are power generation, transmission, transformation, distribution, electricity use, movement control, new energy sources, storage, etc.
Checking, on-line monitoring, ranging, images, cable monitoring, positioning, etc., environmental collection terminals in the distribution scene, and setting up the collection terminals, circuit breakers, surveillance, security, circuit monitoring terminals. Openharmony version continues to overlap. Version 4.0relese, with over 6,200 co-builders.
By December 2023, over 220 eco-partners had joined the openharmony community, 35 donors to the openharmony project, with an openharmony compatibility assessment.
A total of 165 items with a cumulative landing of over 220 items of commercial equipment covering areas such as finance, education, smart homes, etc. 2.2. The market space is vast. On 19 December 2023, at the Open Source Industrial Ecology Congress, China became the CEO of the terminal bg software department, Gong Ho.
According to the report, there are more than 700 million eco-equipment units, of which China owns more than 300 million. By the end of this year, the number of eco-equipment units is expected to reach 800 million to 1 billion, with rapid growth. pc market: according to industry data, the unit cost of the national pc operating system is about 300 yuan.
The mobile phone market: with the release of “pure blood,” an increasing number of apps need to be adapted, relocated and reissued. According to the National AppTechnology Test Platform, by the end of September 2023, our domestic market was monitored.
The number of jumps is 2.61 million (including Andre and Apple Shops). Assuming that individual app-related software development costs $20,000, with 1 million apps to migrate, the corresponding market size for software development is $20 billion.
Smart terminal markets: The smart terminal market is vast, and according to idc data, the size of China’s smart hardware market in 2022 was 16.82 billion yuan. As national production accelerates, key industry smart terminal equipment is expected to be replaced by national production.
In the electricity sector, the Southern grid is expected to be fully covered by the 150+ class of the combined power terminals of the “Hong” appliance industry by 2024, with a new 30-wolf combined terminal covering essentially the upper and lower of the equipment industry chain of the electricity sector; the industrial chain will be extended to 900+ sub-category equipment, with full coverage of the 135-wolf combined terminal in the transmission area (including 120,000 operational terminals) by the end of 2025.
In the financial sector, according to the People ' s Bank of China, by the third quarter of 2023, China had 4.304.3 million Internet-based devices and 84.7 million atm devices.
Education sector: According to the Ministry of Education, as of December 2022, Chinese schools had more than 28 million teacher and student terminals.
In March of the same year, Soupton set up a subsidiary, the Hong Kong-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung, with a 5% investment in China. In July of the same year, the rollout of the swanlinkos marketing software was launched, resolving the challenges faced by the business sector in terms of “unharmonized data formats” and “incoherent equipment plant prices” and breaking the reliance on network signals for information transmission.
Figure 21: The Hong Kong Lake Alliance Equity Structure (as of 5 June 2024) took the lead in completing the pc end of the openharmony operating system. In February 2023, the company took the lead in completing the national pc end of the openharmony x86 platform and published commercial pc hair for the pc end
The line version (Beta) accelerates the ecological development of Hong Meng and promotes the deployment of multiple scenes of open-airharmony smart terminal applications. The code changers are ranked fifth before the open-source community’s contribution. Companies are deeply involved in open-source basic software construction, which, as of June 2024, ranked fifth in code modification.
Figure 22: Openharmony's main warehouse code contributes more to soft and hard integration than (as of 4 June 2024) by adopting a “North-South two-way approach” strategy.
In 2023, the company Hong-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung built the first operating system with a cross-directional set of swanlinkos.
A strategic collaboration with leading companies like Liad, Elliott, and others, has led to the release of a fully-owned technology-card solution, the successful commercialization of mine protections such as high/low pressure on swanlinkos, the joint release with partners of a number of electricity-generating products, and the release of a number of cities, including gas jackets and alarms, social security card reading cards, etc.
The Gen-bong solution, which has already built up a prototype of the label and actively promoted the standardization of the operating system, is expected to become a product of the industry’s leading pc hardware and software industry, relying on its strong software capabilities and co-opt of pc products, by acquiring international and co-computers to combine them with pc products.
The company has been working with China since 2006 to create cooperative relationships and to promote financial technology, smart terminals, smart cars and digital energy, cloud intelligence, etc.
Operators, businesses, terminals, clouds, smart cars, etc.. From 2018 to 2023, companies came from China to 3.1.Ola Ecology: core participants and contributors in the Orneuler community. The company's open-source Eurasia operations included the development of commercial distribution and one-stop solutions.
Lined cranes (issueos) apply to databases, big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, etc., supporting mainstream arm/x86 architecture chips such as intel, sealight, thugs, fly-toe, and obtaining Osv certification from the openeuler community in September 2022; 2) solution, introducing the one-stop service solution for the operation system from Centos
The open-source operating system community, represented by the open-source operating system, has an excellent development opportunity, China.
In 2023, in open-source Eurasia, the soft-powered enterprise version of the server operating system, Sinos (issueos), became compatible with the mainstream national production server, cpu/database/intermediator, issuing a one-stop service tool chain and
3.2. Gaussian Ecology: The commercial version of the database is online.
Softline depth focuses on the three main areas of commercial distribution, tool chains, and community contributions. Companies publish soft power databases based on opengass, targeting banking, insurance, corporate finance, electricity, etc., and provide holistic industry solutions such as database advice, migration, and transportation.
On July 1, 2020, China officially announced open-source database capacity, opened the open-source source code for the open-source database, and established an open-source community for the open-source database.
Codes and root communities are located in China, easily accessible, and securely. Compared to other mainstream international databases, the pengauss are not controlled by the United States (export control regulations), they are fully autonomous, capable of evolving independently, and are a database product of a small number of technologies in the country that are not subject to human constraints and are extremely viable.
3.3. Metaerp: The erp, the first eco-partner, was the most critical enterprise-level application, and the erp was an important layout. In 2019, China launched the development of a metaerp system. On April 20, 2023, China announced the development of a self-controlled metaerp.
Now, Metaerp has covered 100% of the business landscape in China and figure 28: Metaerp's full-scale self-controllable, softcom is expected to become an important partner in the future. Soft mobility is dominated by strategic clients.
In April 2023, Soft Motivation was used to present the Metaerp partners at the recognition and oath of honor conference.
Acquisition of co-computers and co-owners, construction of a co-production of “arithmetic plus software” software and hardware, co-production of co-computers, co-owners becoming fully-owned subsidiaries of soft-wire intelligence. According to the February 1 announcement, the second-large full-owned subsidiary of the company has completed co-computers and international stock transfer.
4.1. National production numeracy, combined with hardware and software, enhances competitiveness, and co-computers are mainly engaged in the development, production, marketing and servicing of computer products and peripheral equipment in the field of credit creation.
Business. The co-located computer infrastructure is based mainly on the creation of letters carrying nationally owned processors and operating systems, and has developed research and development capabilities for computer card design, software and embedded systems development, product development, physical design to whole systems design.
In 2023, the same computer collected $4,02 billion. Foreign sanctions have intensified, the computational state has become so eager to produce.
In May 2024, China announced 19.1 billion cards. In terms of generic calculations, China is the top two of the top two market shares of the original server cpu. In terms of pc, China is the national standard for the inch of m9000 chips. Soft power acquires the same computer, allowing it to become an arithmetic, opening up new growth points.
It is a combination of arithmetic and software products that enhance competitiveness. Soft power has applications such as HONG and Ori operating systems and the Goose database, which can be combined with hardware such as servers, pc, etc., to provide integrated products to customers and enhance market competitiveness.
4.2. The layout of consumer electronics and odms, which are expected to be driven by aipc winds, is divided into consumer electronics and odms, where the consumer electronics are internationally owned computer brands, mainly in the development, production and marketing of computers, telecommunications electronics and related ancillary equipment.
Mechanical revolution (mechrevo), the main product type, is a playbook and a thin one. The odm operation is the most competitive product and service that the international community can offer to its global customers, thanks to its own complete notebook and its ability to develop, design, manufacture, operate, sell and service.
Microsoft released aipc in 2025, which is expected to reach 43%. On 21 May 2024, Microsoft pushed out aipc called "copilot+pc". According to gartner, it is expected that aipc will make up 43% of all pc shipments by 2025.
The mechanical revolution under the same country’s umbrella has 2 million plus capacity, and the operations of the odm cover nearly 30 countries and regions around the world. The mechanical revolution has a large number of pc products, such as playbooks, thin books, commercial desktops, etc., and aipc, which is expected to grow rapidly along with an increase in aipc penetration.
The main telecommunications industry is warming up to speed up the layout of new and emerging industries 5.1. The telecommunications industry is expected to recover for profit. Soft mobility is the largest digital service provider in China. In 2023, soft power won as an Isdp certification.
Service provider; certified application partner for 10,000 miles; certified partner for "optimal " ict service partner, becoming a partner for the first ict service partner and metaerp partner for supporting operations. The company became a partner for the first generation of open-source energy partners with China in manufacturing, mines, port customs, intelligent farming, airports and orbits, parks, roads and water ports.
In 2023, China returned to business as a whole, with more than 700 billion yuan in global sales, and more than 9% of the growth was achieved. With industry digitalization, intelligence, and low-carbonization.
Soft mobility, as an important partner in China, is expected to fully benefit from China’s rise in the future. Over 16 years, the two partners have cooperated, covering server operating systems Euro, database systems Gauss, and cloudy and ecologic.
With China’s global expansion, soft power is expected to benefit fully from this trend, thanks to its close partnership and strong technological power.
The company is one of the core information technology service providers for Internet headlines such as Alibaba, Tseng, 100 degrees, twitching. In 2023, the company and Ali Yun worked together to expand the market and build a coalition.
The project, in collaboration with Tseng, was the first to join a new smart eco-exploitation program for tsong finance, and received prizes such as the 2023 Award for Business Strategic Cooperation for the Tsing Digital Twin Partners. The company became a strategic partner for the 100-degree multi-manufactured model platform, promoting technological innovation and industry applications in large models; it was the first psc eco-collaborative of the flybooks.
Soft mobility is an important partner in the sky clouds, moving clouds. The company is invited to share the construction of the National Cloud with the sky clouds, and is the most promising partner in the sky cloud, the sky cloud service partner, and the 2022 gold medal of Guangdong Mobile.
Partners, Jiangsu mobile eco-cooperatives 2023dic, the Industrial Marker Award; and Zhejiang Telecoms and Sky Clouds, the title of “Good Service Providers.” A strategic cooperation agreement with Zhejiang mobile, and a strategic agreement with Ningxia Connect to develop a new path for a network of algorithms.
After more than 16 years of accumulation and sedimentation, the soft currency section (a sub-brand for the pan-financial domain) continues to focus on the integrated and innovative services of the industry, continuing to serve various types of financial machines, such as banking, insurance, etc. 1) smart terminals. In 2023, companies added nearly 10 customers up and down of the smart end chain, increasing independence.
Delivery of project succession, covering multiple areas such as operating systems, smart vision, and whole-office validation; in the area of generating large models, companies worked with major national mobile brands to achieve end-to-end model applications and depths in the deployment and management of resources based on OS layer computing, as well as incentive model training, training data correction
Cooperation; testing certification has been extended to flatboard and laptop operations, taking over the Hong Meng systems testing project. Smart cars. The company has become a full service capability and specialized solution in the areas of smart cabins, autopilots, smart manufacturing, digital marketing. In 2023, the company expanded and contracted the car industry.
More than 30 households; completion of the mainstream chip manufacturer + two-operator smart-barrel resolution programme in the area of smart pods; development of autopilot integration solutions and supplier ecological chains in the area of auto-pilots; and products such as siscms, superapps and other products that have matured in the field of intellectually capable manufacturing to provide customers with product + project decisions
General Technology Service (GSS) operations: The operation is technology-oriented and provides a wide range of information technology services to clients, such as information system design and development, product engineering, testing, running maintenance, etc.. As the downstream landscape rises, I am going to be able to do so.
Digital technology service operations: the business continues to invest in digital technologies such as generation ai, cloud computing, big data, physical networking, industrial Internet, autonomous innovation, etc. As the tide of national production, ai, digitalization, etc., moves forward, we anticipate consulting and solution operations: soft-flow power accumulation creates more than 100 generic and industry solutions that are in place.
Soft power is expanding and enhancing advisory and solution capabilities. This part of the business is a driving force in the overall software services business, and as companies continue to accelerate the expansion of new digital operations: it connects businesses through digital technology and data capabilities, etc.
To improve the efficiency of the operation, the enterprise will be helped to improve the operating and management model of its operations. This component of the business is primarily geared towards meeting the needs of the customer, the non-corporately focused deployment of business, and we expect the company to receive more computers in 2024-2026: the main part of the business x 86 to the Tob operation of the IT-related product, involving the server/tungsten,
A whole series of products based on domestic autonomous intellectual property rights, such as pc, is accompanied by industrial innovation and arithmetic national production and international co-location: this part of business includes consumer electronics and odms, with consumer electronics including computer brand machines revolution. The overall consumer electronics climate is low, but the introduction of aipc is expected to raise the industry landscape in 2025 and beyond.
Comparable company valuation: based on the principle of business similarities (business is a digital technology service for China and a business partner for Hong Kong), we have selected lubricant and software and IXT as comparable companies, with a comparable company average of 52/40/33 times the average of p for 2024-2026, slightly higher than comparable company valuations. But soft power as a Chinese provider of the first digital technology service.
Soft mobility is China’s leading digital technology service provider, bound to China’s top technology companies, such as Huaieng, Ali, Tung, and Mobile. Soft mobility is Hung Man’s leading ecological partner, and the subsidiary Hong-Hung-Hwan-kwan has become China.
For the first openharmony eco-enabling partners, China holds 5% of the share. Soft-line buys its co-owners, building a matrix of soft and hard-forming products, with increased scarcity. In 2024, we expect the soft-motivation drive to be fast-paced. For the first time, the "buy-in" rating is given.
Policies are not as advanced as expected. Product advances, such as company operating systems, databases, erp and national production pc, servers, etc., will be influenced by national production policies, which, if not advanced as expected, will slow down company-related operations. Technology research and development is less than expected. Operating systems, databases, erp, and national production numeracy technical barriers are higher.
Industry competition has increased. There are more players in the operating systems, databases, erp, and home-grown numeracy industries, and industry competition can drive three major financial projections.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.