The coal industry has a strong track record and the Inner Moon project continues to grow with a high investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) on the night of 09/032023, Bo Fong Energy Releaser 2022, which is a year-round harvest.
A year-round profitability is evident. The downside of costs and the recovery of demand in 2023 led to a substantial increase in the price of major raw materials such as gas-based coal and power coal, which put pressure on the cost side, while the downside of macroeconomics led to weaker demand and most of the products were at a lower price.
In terms of price differentials, based on company operating data, the main product p/pp/carat/pessel/reform is disclosed.
Four-quarterly average prices of asphalt/mtbe (excluding taxes) Prices are generally in the lower range, coke prices have slightly increased, and fine chemical products, such as pure benzene, have been differentiated. According to our tracking of market prices, the main product price difference is polyethylene (hdpe)-ethylene/polyethylene
(lldpe) - Ethylene/polypropylene-propylene/carat-coffin/mtbe-ether Quarterly C4-Methanol Quarterly Rings Division
The same ratio is still high, the ring ratio has increased to a certain degree. According to the company, in 2022, the price of gasated raw materials for coal/coal/coal/coal/coal/coal tar increased by the same amount as in the whole year, the production/dry-out of coke was lower than in the third quarter from the company's business data.
In terms of cost control, the company's four-quarter sales cost increased by 0.05 pct against the ring, while the management cost increased by 0.01 pc against the ring, the financial cost decreased by 0.06 pct against the ring, and the company's cost remained stable.
3. Profitability remains, with long-term growth prospects Moul, power coal prices have fallen significantly since October, returning to their mid-2022 prices, and cost-side pressures are expected to drop significantly in one quarter. At the demand end, pe/pp prices have recovered since the beginning of the year.
A good company’s 2023 cost and demand resonance bring profit repairs, while Ningxia’s third phase will add to the company’s growth.
The 4 million tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbon project in Inner Mongolia was approved by the Ministry of Ecology on 23 November 2022 for a three million tonnes project EAC report, which foresaw the successful landing of the first phase of the project and the long-term growth of the company in Inner Mongolia. The project uses the green hydrogen and modern coal industry.
The combined production process, with a total production capacity of 3 million tonnes/year, is the largest coal-based hydrocarbon so far in a single plant worldwide, and is the only global project to replace fossil-based energy with green hydrogen on a large scale. The new project has significantly lower consumption than the original project.
Inner Mongolia, where coal raw materials are abundant, the transportation costs of raw materials have been significantly reduced. The interior project has further reduced the average cost of the company ' s carbide. The project was completed only 18 months ago and is expected to be completed in the second half of 2024. The total energy capacity of the carbide energy will be significantly increased after the project is completed.
At the same time, 400,000 more tons of green hydrogen are being replaced, and the Fung group has long been setting up the green hydrogen industry, leading the industry out of a green, carbon-reduction path, and we believe that companies will be able to follow up with a balance between carbon reduction and scale expansion.
We believe that the company’s size and cost control are ahead of the whole industry, with profits well above market averages, while at the same time cutting costs and becoming an inner-sector firm. The first phase of the Ningxia 3 and Inner Mongolia Project will significantly increase the company’s competitiveness and the scope for future growth.
Increased competition and higher-than-anticipated coal costs at the beginning of the year, we lower the 2023 profit forecast, (1) construction of new projects is not as fast as expected: (2) prices of raw materials and products fluctuate significantly:
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.