The cost advantage of the basic chemical team is that the outbreak mitigation has a relatively high industry pressure for restoration space in four quarters, and the company’s comparative advantage is still apparent.
1. " The price difference of acetylene continues to be pressured, and the industry has performed better - Sic carocarbon production remains high, with production rings increasing by about 9 per cent over the third quarter, with no argument as to whether the price of raw coal or coke remains high and the industry has higher cost pressures, most of which are coked.
2. Further progress in the Inner Mon Project is expected to lead to a significant increase in the development space - the [national gold] carbon plant is in a state of loss, while the price differentials for various coal, oil, and gas-headry hydrocarbons have been significantly reduced to negative, with a four-quarter average price of around 2 per cent below, with companies relying on cost advantages.
3. Optimization against industry risks, multi-sector pursuit of long-term development - [the state capital] is able to maintain profit margins, with an overall Maori rate of approximately 21.29 per cent in four quarters and a net interest rate of 13.39 per cent, which, although the most stressful stage in history, is performing well compared to industry competitors;
In the second half of 2022, the company’s two main core products were under demand, housing and consumption were under pressure, industry was under pressure, material price pressure was difficult to transfer downstream, and recently, the epidemic slowed down.
Solving the recovery in consumption and the fact that the price of acrylic hydrocarbons has not fluctuated significantly with the price of raw materials, while, in the context of national policy adjustments, demand for real estate infrastructure is expected to recover gradually, leading to a recovery in demand and a return to normal profitability;
The construction project is progressing steadily, and new production is expected to further strengthen the competitive advantage. The company Ningxia Triple Project is expected to start production by mid-year, the Nemon Project is expected to start production by the fourth quarter of next year, and the planned continued landing of the project is expected to lead to a breakthrough in the company's production of the acetylene.
At the same time that 5.2 million tonnes of CO2 were produced using a new generation of acrylic process, which resulted in a further decline in the benefits of transport, investment, etc. of the Neummon project, the company ' s production costs are expected to decrease further and increase the company ' s central profits.
In 2022, the domestic epidemic re-emerged, significantly affecting end demand and reducing profitability, and this year it is expected that the price of raw materials will fluctuate significantly, the policy will influence the approval of new projects, and the project will not start as expected.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market