Research Center for Resources and Environment (CRED) Energy International (600011.sh) buy-in (first rating) Reduction in coal prices to offset the impact of the New Deal on electricity prices, fire taps entering the gold cycle
In recent years, there has been a steady increase in corporate revenue, a rapid increase in clean energy, and a gradual decline in electricity and coal consumption and plant usage.
In 2019, the price of coal continued to fall, and companies increased their profits significantly, with a 171% increase in the first three quarters. The long-term growth in electricity use has remained constant, with the price of electricity affecting about 1%.
• The value of the transaction – Energy International – Deep 300  The rapid growth of electricity has led to a sustained increase in overall electricity use; our electrification rate will continue to rise, the economy will continue to grow at a rate of 6%, and our electricity consumption is expected to increase at about 5% in the next three years.
There is still room for an increase in the number of hours that can be used in storage in the next three years, with 66 hours expected to be used in 2020. With the increase in the share of marketized transactions, the price of company electricity has remained strong, and the new “base + floating” policy foresees an overall increase in the price of coal power by about 1%.
In 2020, coal prices are expected to fall by 50 yuan per ton, fully offsetting the impact of the New Deal. The country’s powered coal production, imports and demand are growing faster than the electricity generated by the fire, and supply and demand are easing. The economy is growing at a lower rate, and the demand for coal aggregates is falling; the price differential for domestic and foreign power coal continues to rise to more than 80 yuan per ton, further increasing domestic activity.
Coal prices are under pressure. We expect the average price of coal to fall by $50 per ton by 2020, fully offsetting the impact of the New Deal. On the basis of 306 g/kWh of electricity, the cost of electricity and coal is reduced by 3.6 points.
In 2019, the company ' s net profits increased by 2,626 million yuan (109 per cent). There are historical lows. With the reform of the electricity price system, the transmission of the end end of the fire cost will be smoother, the profit will be more stable, with a dividends rate of more than 4.6 per cent and the port shares rate of more than 7 per cent.
Sun Chun Xu, under the new policy, there is a risk of a significant decline in the price of coal; a decline in the price of powered coal less than expected; a significant slowdown in the risk of electricity use; a risk of a reduction in the price of stocks; and a risk of an overvalued asset.
The state-wide high-quality power company, with its performance in the period of improvement, has set up the nation's power poles, with a holding machine of over 100 million kilowatts, which is actually under the control of the country's largest power-generating enterprise. It is now the largest in the country.
As of the end of September 2019, it held a total of 34.12% of HCI shares and was actually in control.
The Division received $169,861 million, of which 151.3 billion, or 89 per cent, were in the fire and electricity business, and both were the first to generate electricity, with megawatts accounting for 4.85 per cent; photovoltaics 959 megawatts accounting for 0.9 per cent; and hydropower and other sources accounting for 0.9 per cent, respectively.
After 2017, the main reason was the company’s massive investment in clean energy, such as wind and electricity. The net return was more volatile, the Maori rate and the net interest rate were changing cyclically. The company’s net return was more volatile.
Net interest rates tend to follow the same pattern, showing cyclical fluctuations. The common reason for the two features is that the cost of fuel in the electricity business is about 70% of the operating cost, while the price of power coal is cyclical, and therefore the profits of the power generation companies have been changing.
In the first three quarters, the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate have been symmetrically up, with a significant increase in the net return ratio, a rapid increase in the share of clean energy, a steady improvement in the installed structure, a faster development of clean energy and a growing generation of electricity. In recent years, companies have responded to the national environmental policy.
Focus on clean energy development, with rapid growth in installed capacity and generation of clean energy such as wind power and solar energy. By the end of September 2019, companies had reached 16.64 per cent of non-coal installed capacity and, in 2015, energy (wind, light, solar, etc.) had reached 12,314 million kilowatt-hours of total electricity generation.
In recent years, companies have gradually phased out small-power, inefficient units. As at the end of 2018, the number of power units exceeded that of the company's lighter units.
50% is a large fleet of more than 600,000 kilowatts, including 14 of the world ' s most advanced multi-kW class supercritical units. As the ratio of high-parameter units gradually rises, companies generate coal gram/kWh to 288.45 g/kWh, 0.24 percentage points to 4.34%.
The fall in the rate has helped companies to save fuel costs and increase returns.
Electricity use slowed down, foreign power increased significantly, and electricity generation fell by 8.31% in three quarters on a year-on-year basis. The reason for the three quarters was that it accounted for a significant increase in the market share in the five largest provinces, Shandong, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Guangdong, Henan, Shandong, Jiangsu, and Henan.
During the first three quarters of 2019, as a result of falling demand, coal control, and external electricity, companies cumulatively completed 30,218 million kilowatt-hours of electricity generation, a decrease of 7.52 per cent over the same period; 28,798 million kilowatt-hours of electricity were sold, a slight increase in electricity prices and a drop in coal prices, with a significant increase of 171 per cent in the previous three quarters.
In the first three quarters of 2019, the price of Qin q5,500 (Spinish) flat price fell by $48.4 per ton (7.5 per cent) compared to the average price in 2018 and led to a decrease of 2.81 per cent in operating costs from 0.95 per cent in the previous three quarters, while the Māori rate and net interest rate increased by 3.3 per cent and 3.1 per cent, respectively, and the mother ' s net profit by 171 per cent.
The power supply of coal is high, and the power supply is higher. The top five heat and power companies in China are ranked first in terms of the capacity of the inter-fired power plant and the amount of power generated by the fire.
Ten%. Hotspot units get higher prices for Internet access during the heating season, give priority to Internet access, heat intake, and eventually raise the overall level of revenue for coal units.
There are 14 million kW units, far more than the other four. For the top five provinces in terms of the company’s power generation, HCI has more than 600,000 kW units than the province’s total installed capacity. Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Shandong, Henan, Guangdong have 3.3%, 8.59%, respectively.
5.81%, 6.12%, 5.88%; of these, Hua-Chang International ranks first in Zhejiang, Henan, Guangdong, and second in Shandong and Jiangsu. With the future full marketization of the Fire Power Pricing Mechanism, Hua-Chang International will acquire lower generation costs in comparison to competition in the market using its large fleet.
On the demand side: the long-term growth trend in electricity, with market-based rates increasing the price of electricity, has slowed down, and the long-term growth trend has not changed.  The rate of increase in electricity consumption in the first three quarters of this year was 4.4 per cent for the whole of society, down 4.5 percentage points from the same period.
The main reasons for the decline in electricity use were the impact of last year’s high base, the low temperatures this summer, the shrinking power replacement, and the decline in electricity use in manufacturing brought about by trade frictions between China and the United States.
In recent years, the share of electricity used by three productions and residents has increased gradually, from 23% in 2010 to 32% in the first three quarters of 2019. The economy has slowed down, while the growth in electricity used by two productions has slowed down, and power used by three productions and residents has continued to grow.
The higher rate of increase is the main force behind the sustained increase in the use of electricity, which increased by 8.7 per cent in the third quarter of 2019 and 6.3 per cent in the third quarter of 2019, respectively, compared to the overall increase in the use of electricity in the society as a whole. Electricity consumption is expected to increase by about 5 per cent throughout the year 2019.
Power use throughout the year 2019. We pre-empted it by using a semi-annual percentage coefficient for sub-sectors and subregions. In general, the secondary sector was more affected by the economic situation, with greater volatility in electricity use in the first half of 2019; the first and third industries were more stable and performed better in different economic contexts.
The rate of electrification is rising, the economy is still growing at a higher rate, and electricity use is growing at a steady rate. The power development 13th Five-Year Plan proposes a 27% rate of electrification in the country by 2020, 21% in 2018, with a larger increase in space.
In 2020, there was a decline in the number of new heat and power loads, the use of which is expected to increase by 66 hours, the energy consumption structure continues to improve, and the share of coal consumption is gradually decreasing. Our energy reserves are characterized by “more coal, less oil, less gas,” so that coal accounts for more than 70% of the energy consumption structure for a long time.
“13th Five-Year Energy Plan makes it clear that the proportion of coal in primary energy consumption structure has not been gradually reduced, with coal share falling to 58% by 2020. In our primary energy consumption structure, coal accounted for less than 60% for the first time in 2018.
A reduction to 59% is expected to continue in the future, limited by environmental policies, and limited future generation of new lighter units. The “13th Five” plan for energy development proposes that the ratio of non-fossil energy to power generation will reach 39% and 31%, respectively, by 2020.
As of the end of September 2019, the share of electricity generated by fire had fallen from 75.69 per cent in 2015 to 72.54 per cent in 2019. Against the backdrop of increasingly stringent environmental policies, new installed machines were mainly based on new sources of energy (windlights) in the second half of 2016.
Since then, the increase in the number of new heater engines has continued to be low.  We expect that the number of new heater units is expected to be around 33gw in 2020, which will benefit the existing unit, with an increase of 66 hours in the number of hours to be used.
The country's hydropower resources are concentrated in “13 large hydropower bases”, which account for more than half of the country's installed capacity. The 13 largest hydropower bases are fully planned, with a capacity of about 286 million kW and a capacity of 155 million kW for the assembly of installed machines.
With a build-up capacity of 62 million kilowatts (kW), 76% have been built and are in the process of being built, and the development of hydroelectric power plants is generally in order of ease and difficulty, leaving very few remaining hydropower resources of economic development value. Around 2021, Utund, Shirakoi, Erkuguchi, and Yang Trenchs will be put into production, which will be expected thereafter.
The nuclear power plant usually takes about six years from the start to the start, and the entire cycle is longer. As of the end of June 2019, the nuclear power unit was in operation.
Forty-five units, with a capacity of 45.9 million kW; and 11 units under construction, with a capacity of 12.18 million kW. According to the “13th Five-Year Plan” for the development of electricity, this target will reach 58 million kW by 2020, which is expected to be achieved by 2022, approximately two years later than planned.
Figure 27: The remaining development resources of the thirteen main hydropower bases Electricity prices: the price of marketed tradable electricity has been reduced by a narrow margin, the risk of “base + floating” electricity prices falling is manageable  Marketized power consumption ratio has been gradually rising and the price of electric power settlement has been gradually rising. New power modification documents are available in 2015.
The government has begun to promote a market-based trading mechanism for electricity. Power generation is dominated by coal, and the share of electricity traded on the market has risen faster, reaching 51.23% in the first three quarters of 2019.
The price-fixing mechanism has become rational and the price differentials have been shrinking. The company’s market-based trading share of electricity generation has been rising, while the price of electricity has been rising.
Downgraded, from 17% to 13%, with tax-free prices rising; and second, with marketized transactions becoming more rational, prices returning to value and competitive price differentials narrowing. Guangdong Province has been experiencing a gradual increase in market-based tradable electricity since the beginning of 2018, but the price differentials in trade prices have been reduced and have been reduced.
In the next four years, the “Base + Float” New Deal, where the largest market share of coal power is 80%. The third article of the reform initiative states that “the electricity consumption of residents and agricultural users of coal-fired electricity continues to be based on base prices.
The power component of Rows, which is primarily prioritized for electricity generation, includes “the priority of FM-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Sm-Sm-Small-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-S”-St-T-S-S-S-St-T-St-St-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-T-A-A-A-T-T-A-A-A-T-T-T-T-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-R-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-F-F-E-E-F-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-
The above priority power supply is expected to be about 20%, while the share of coal that meets market-based conditions is about 80%, i.e. the maximum market share of theoretical coal power is 80%. ▪ about 50% of the electricity is covered by existing market-based provisions, with the “base price + up/ down” being the largest.
30%. Article IV of the reform initiative states that “to the extent that the amount of coal-fired electricity generated has been established in accordance with marketized trading rules, it continues to be implemented in accordance with the existing market-based rules.” Coal-fired power generation is carried out under marketable conditions.
Line “Base + Down and Down” rule. “The amount of coal-fired electricity generated from the feeder price of the pole is now implemented and market-based conditions are in place.
(b) The amount of electricity used by business users that do not currently have market terms or that do not participate in market transactions remains at the base price.” According to this, a maximum of 30 per cent (theoretically) of the electricity produced by the “base price plus up and down floats” is determined by medium- and long-term contracts, such as annual contracts;
80% marketed - 50% marketed - coal power generation at “base price + floating up and down” ranged between 10% and 30%. It must be noted that the above amounts were determined by an agreement between the two sides. We believe that this year, at most, we will achieve annual averages of the previous years.
On-site rates, about 10% of coal electricity: first, most SME customers are insensitive to electricity prices and expectant attitudes when the results of marketization are not known; second, marketization may lead to price reductions for both generators and grids, neither of which will contribute positively to marketization.
Coal power generation at up-and-down prices is estimated to be between 10 and 30%, i.e. 500 billion kilowatt-hours - 1.5 trillion kilowatt-hours (kWh). Energy generation at “base price plus up-and-down” is estimated to be within 24%.
In the first three quarters, the share of energy generated by energy generation was 91 per cent, the share of electricity traded on the market was 51.23 per cent and the corresponding share of electricity on the market was about 56 per cent (the majority of those involved in the marketing of electricity on the market was coal).
The energy volume of HCI affected by “base price + up and down” is within 24%. Price mechanism: base price + up and down price mechanism: constant, following
Pricing mechanisms: government pricing Pricing mechanisms: mutual consultations Pricing mechanisms: bilateral consultations
Coal power priority power generation: Coal power is marketed*: theory increases marketed power:
"Heat-set" power, very low-emissions reward electricity.
10-30 per cent of total coal electricity generation, main users: general business and industry, main users: agriculture/residents
According to the above scenario, we make the most pessimistic assumption that 10% of the energy in China by 2020 will be under the "base price plus floating" policy.
By billions of kilowatt-hours, this component has led to a 1.43 billion dollar reduction in China’s international revenues, corresponding to a 3.3-point reduction in energy prices in 2020. Electricity supply and demand patterns have shifted from a loose to a tight one, and the first round may not lead to large and large price reductions.
Since the first quarter of 2017, the average price of coal electricity traded in the market by large power groups has risen slightly, reflecting, to some extent, the gradual tightening of the market. The price discount rate for coal electricity in several provinces in the first quarter of 2019 was within 5%.
With the introduction of the new policy, it is expected that the year 2020 will be marked by a large and substantial reduction in prices. Given the above, we believe that first-round electricity prices are influenced by the price of coal, the level of profitability of power plants, and the demand and supply of markets.
The average government price reduction of electricity is within 5%, and the probability of a large and substantial reduction is less. It is expected that 10% of the coal electricity generation will be marketed next year, pessimisticly assumed to fall by 10%; the overall price of coal electricity will drop by about 1% and the price of coal by about 3.6 cents.
The decrease of $11.8 per ton is a 3.6-point reduction in the cost of electricity and coal, based on the consumption of 306 g/kWh. Therefore, we believe that a reduction of $11.8 in the price of coal would completely offset the new policy's continued downswing of the price of energy and the re-emergence of the wind.
In the first three quarters of 2019, coal imports and aggregate domestic production grew by 17.34 per cent and 6.17 per cent, respectively, and remained at a high level of supply.
In the first three quarters of the year, the cumulative increase in coal production was only 0.5%, the rate of increase slowed considerably, and demand weakened. Prices are expected to rise against a background of faster growth in power supply and low demand.
▪ The slowdown in aggregate demand and the influx of high-heated coal into the electricity and coal market triggered a fall in coal prices. The overall increase in coal consumption was only 0.7 per cent in the first three quarters of 2019, down 2.7 percentage points from the 2018 rate; the increase in coal consumption in the electricity sector was -0.2 per cent, down 6.8 percentage points from the 2018 rate. The demand for coal is projected.
The slowdown is expected to lead to an influx of more high-heat coal into the powered coal market, and the power generation industry will procure more high-heat coal for co-generation, reduce fuel costs, and thus the cost of coal for power will be covered by Cci5500+ Royal Island-Changzhou Port freight.
So far, the foreign power price index has fallen by about 32% compared to the price at the beginning of the year, and the Qin island q5,500 power coal flat price has fallen by about 6.3% compared to the price at the beginning of the year.
At the beginning, the difference between domestic and foreign power coal prices rose from $31.8 at the beginning of the period to more than $80, at a peak of nearly $170. The large difference between domestic and foreign power coals would drive more purchases from power plants to lower fuel costs and lower domestic prices.
Figure 40: The power coal futures flat price has been falling for the recent past, the fire power elasticity is expected to raise profits significantly, the coal price and the national price index are highly relevant and the elastic coefficient is 0.82.
A linear analysis of the single-ton coal price and the national electricity and coal price index found that the trend was highly correlated, with r2 reaching 0.96, i.e. an explanation of 96 per cent. The coefficient was 0.82, i.e., when the national electricity and coal price index moved by $10, the cost of single-ton fuels would fall by 8.2 dollars.
Companies actively play a role in long-term agreements to stabilize the price of coal purchases and strictly control the risk of coal prices. The Māori rate of power operations is negatively related to the PCI, with a fleximetric coefficient of -0.098.
The coefficient of -0.0983 means that, on average, the price index for electricity and coal will drop by $100, and the Māori rate for energy operations will increase by 9.83% for energy operations. Lower prices for power and coal will lead to a significant increase in Māori rates for power generation operations.
▪ For every $20 decline in the national electric coal price index, the net profits of HCI increased by 1.312 billion yuan in 2019. On the basis of the assumption that there would be no change in factors other than the electricity price index in 2019, we assume and measure the net profit movements.
The pb valuation is expected to increase the price of coal by increasing the profit volatility of the pyrotechnic plate.
Fireboards are profitable, pe valuations are significantly more volatile than utilities and utilities. Fire and electricity shares are less profitable, low-categorization cycle shares, p valuations are less appropriate, and share prices are largely ps-driven.
Under the two-track system, the fire and electricity shares have clear cyclical properties. The graph shows that the shares price and the pe(ttm) are significantly lower; the ps indicator and the share price are higher, and most of the time is volatile. As the price of coal drops, the prices of the companies follow the prices of the companies.
Figure 48: Stock prices are mainly driven by pss, pb is at a historically low level, and market-based reforms will facilitate a return to the public utility nature of the valuation. Currently, the company’s pb (mrq) is 1.15 times the lowest in 16 years, compared to pb (mrq) in 16 years.
The average value is 1.97 times lower and the security margin is high. With the market-based changes in the price of fire power, the cost of fuel will be more easily passed down to the use of electricity, the profits from the share of fire power will be more stable, and the valuation will be closer to utilities and hydroelectric plates.
Hydropower 0.5, 1.2 times higher, with greater scope for upgrading. Chart 51: Fireboard pb with utility, hydropower gap over 70 per cent of the red ratio, with dividends expected to exceed 4.6 per cent
The share of profits and accumulated undistributed profits is positive, and the company’s cash flow can meet the company’s normal operating and sustainable development, reaching 70% in 2018-2020. At present, the shares of HCIa’s shares drive down interest rates, and the valuation is expected to increase.
Rates are the most important factor in determining the channel of interest rates. When the new Ipr interest rate policy begins, the Bank will direct the entire market to lower real financing rates by influencing the mlf interest rate. In a climate of constant risk preference, the discount rate will go down, and the valuation will go up along with the dividends rate.
Figure 55: Trends in lpr interest rates Chart 54: mlf and lpr interest rates start down in the near future
Using the same hours as 269, 145, 344, 41 and +166, respectively, 250 hours of coal in the third quarter. In 2020, Zhejiang, Jiangsu and the overall power supply were tightened, and coal power is expected to rise by 20 hours and continue to rise by 20 hours in 2021.
Do not change -100, 0, 0 hours. The number of hours of utility use varies -350, 0, 0, 0, respectively. The number of hours of wind use does not change. The price of electricity does not change: the price of wind, photovoltaic, biomass, hydropower, gas does not change.
2019, 2020, 2021 changes +1, -1 per cent, zero. In 2019, it is expected that the switch price will continue to shrink, while the overall price of the switch will continue the previous trend and continue to rise by 1 cent. In 2020, the price of coal electricity will be affected by the benchmark + floating pricing mechanism, and the overall price of coal power will drop by 1 per cent (pessimistic assumption).
Project Pakistan: Pakistan projects in the first half of the year generated $2,518 million at a cost of $1,766 million. Coal price scenario 1: Royal Qin island port: flat price: powered coal (q5500): Shanxi Ping average price 647, and we make a conservative forecast of coal prices, which are expected to average 2019-2021, respectively
Coal-price scenario 2: The company imports coal and the domestic coal account for about 25% and 75% of the total, respectively. 15% of the counterfeit coal in the country (total) is sewage coal, the remaining 60% is inland coal, and 2/3 of the inland coal is priced at annual prices. We import 5,500 (tax-bearing) and the island of Qin is moving according to cci.
The price of coal q5500 flats (in Shanxi), the annual price of the president's agreement: cctd Qin Royal Island power coal (q5500), the electric coal price index: the national price index is given the corresponding weights and the corresponding price movements are assumed. The cost of one ton of coal used internationally is 690, 653, and 627 tons, respectively.
The information is reflected in the projections, taking into account the structure of coal used by the public authorities and choosing the corresponding coal price index to be associated with it and assigning the corresponding weights.
As a result of falling coal prices, we expect to reverse in the fourth quarter of this year the risk of a sharp drop in coal electricity prices under the new policy, which was lost in the last four quarters of the year; a decline in power coal prices that was not as high as expected; a significant slowdown in the risk of electricity use; a significant reduction in the risk using hours; and an overvalued wind.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment