High growth in performance, further increase in the size of the red scale - G.E.E.E.S. in 2016 reported an increase of 10.8 per cent in comparison with 10.8 per cent and a net profit of $15.4 billion attributable to the parent shareholders, 23 per cent in relation to the base.
The industry is warming, the income is improving significantly in the second half of the year. \triangleright, with the end of the industry's inventory in the second half of the year, the company's revenue growth has recovered significantly, with the growth of the company's revenues in the fourth quarter.
59%. On the one hand, this was due to last year’s low base and real estate activity, and on the other hand, to the fact that there has been an increase in the importance attached to the presence of the sale sites under the line with the rise in raw materials, with a full contract signed with Suning; on the other hand, there has been an increase of $4.58 billion (free of spoils) in the sale of electric power suppliers over 16 years, representing an increase of 91.14% over the same year, with an increase of 93.15% over the same year in Kyoto and 84.42% over the same year in Skycats.
The unit has shown a significant increase in net interest rates by 1.42 percentage points over the 16-year period compared to the 15-year increase in net interest rates. On the one hand, the Māori rate is slightly higher.
This rise, and more importantly, is the sharp fall in the cost rate during the period, with a sharper decline in the financial cost rate, and a downward trend in both the cost of sales and management costs. In the last four quarters, corporate Māori rates, influenced by the rising cost of raw materials, declined considerably, but thanks to control of the cost rate, net interest rates were at a level comparable to that of the same 15-year period.
At the end of last year, the company had $95.6 billion in cash, an increase of nearly $7 billion over the same period last year, and sufficient cash provided the company with a better security margin and financial contribution. The company had $10 billion in advance, up from the same period last year.
$2.4 billion, showing better short-term demand. Advances are $1 billion more than in the same period last year, and companies may have a lock price on raw materials.
1. Gravity Electrics (000651) Summary Report: Termination of the Acquisition of Silver Long, with the same strength
The new cold year for air conditioners was opened, and the industry continued to produce and sell. 3. Gravity appliances (000651) were evaluated as “low demand + high inventory” to the company's performance.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Marko, graduate from the University of Nancai, entered civil securities in 2011 for strategic research. From 2014 to the present, it has been converted to research in the household electricity industry. Chen Ming, Master of Computer Technology, Beijing University, private entry securities in 2016 for research in the domestic electricity industry.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.