GPR (000651.sz) first quarter of 2017 meets expectations; Māori rate is better than expected. GPR 30 billion in one quarter, an increase of 20% over last quarter.
The rate of increase is driven mainly by the replenishment of the inventory of the air conditioner distributors. The sales management rate for gres (000651.sz) has been equal to 21% in 2016.
The average share of consumer durables increased by 27 per cent to RMB 4 billion over the previous quarter.
We maintain projections of the power of revenue. As far as the Māori rate is concerned, we see a quarter as the most difficult one, and cost pressures will begin to ease as commodity prices stabilize as from the second quarter.
The Ijian (research assistant) industry has business relationships and continues to seek to develop them.
Considering that there may be a conflict of interest in our company that may affect the objectivity of this report, the information should not be considered, see the information disclosure appendix or contact your investment representative.
Gravity Electrical: Summary of financial data contributed to this report
We, Iqian, Liao Hao, cfa, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the companies or their securities mentioned above. Moreover, no part of our salary is equal to, no.
The investment summary section evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit in the regional research industry.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital rates of return and net asset rates of return. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation rates, such as market rates, dividends rates of return, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates based on a 12-month history.
Volatility calculations are adjusted for dividends. Quantum quanttum is a highly proprietary database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommend proposals. The gssustain list of concerns covers industry-led enterprises that we believe have a continuing competitive advantage over their global counterparts and an excellent return of capital, and therefore are expected to perform well in the long term. Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns of cash investments, the position of the industry and the level of management (corporate management).
• The effectiveness of the management of industry's environmental, social and corporate governance problems: Ijian: a share of consumer durables. Liao Ying Hau, cfa: a share of media, a share of food beverages, a share of Chinese consumer goods.a A share of consumer durables: Glyceries, American Group, Qingdao Haile.
A set of food drinks: Guai Goon, Yoo River, Guozhou Maotai, Jinzhou old cellar, Qing Qingqin, Shanxi Liquor, Qingji Island Beer (a) and Five Grain fluids.a A set of media outlets: Aufi Entertain, Light Media, Caohua Cable, Hua Weiwena, Blue Curtain, South Central Media, Media Division, Province Guang, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, Music Network, East Mingju, Science and Technology, Mandarlin House Line, Hua Xiao Xiao.
China ' s consumer goods: Ying Yuan, Light Dairy, Modern Livestock, Hua Yun Start-up, Monx Milk, Masters ' Holdings, Qingdao Beers (h), Unity Enterprises, Wangwang China, Wanzhou International, and Eli. The statutory disclosure relating to companies does not disclose specific information on the following companies: Grmb 32.97)
Corporate ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has an active rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
Suspended rating (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or is not applicable. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.