The net profit growth of 2016 is better than expected, the short-term high growth will continue, and the values and dividends will be available for inhaling.
Millions of yuan, yoy+26.7%, and the growth in corporate revenue is better than expected, and net profits are higher than expected. Of this, the q4 public sector q4 received $26.34 billion, yoy +56.0%, recording a net profit of $4.19 billion, yoy + 62.5%.
On the other hand, in the second half of this year, with the decline in the stock of channels and the push of real estate sales to the end of the sales, dealers replenished the stock and companies recovered more.
The end end of use was better controlled, with a combined cost rate of only 9.32 per cent for q4, representing a decrease of 8.7 percentage points in the same year, resulting in a historically high net interest rate for companies (15.9 per cent), driving net profit growth, a product mix
▪ Short-term performance will continue to increase at a higher rate and long-term performance will increase robustly: we believe that last year's institutional investors in real estate accounted for the share of the circulation a.
The air-conditioning industry sold at yoy+33%, the power appliances sold at yoy+43%, and the high growth of o1 is certain. In the medium and long term, we believe that, as urbanization progresses, there is still room for improvement in the number of air-conditioning households in the country, and as household electricity consumption rises, some upgrades are expected to take place.
In addition, the company will benefit from a new growth point by entering into a cooperative agreement with Silver Loong, which will allow it to cut into the area of car air conditioning. Taken together, these three factors will support a robust growth in corporate air conditioner sales.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.