South-West Securities Research and Development Centre recommended logic: market liquidity remains reasonably adequate to stabilize the cost of bank liabilities, and the return of off-the-shelf assets
Loans boost interest income, strengthen interest spread space, and retail operations expand rapidly to improve asset quality. Companies, as urban comptoirs in economically developed regions, have a natural advantage in their customer base and credit quality, with credit assets expanding rapidly and with a steady increase in interest spreads, driven by the high sales of consumer financial products that they play.
The current 2018 pb valuation is only 0.78 times higher, the security margin is high, and the net profits of the Department are expected to grow at an average annual rate of 18% over the next three years. Quick expansion of retail consumption finance and rising interest differentials are evident.
The company’s focus on consumer lending products such as “gold oranges” and “loan loans” has been growing rapidly, accounting for more than 50% of retail loans, driving the corporate credit as a whole to increase by more than 30% on a year-on-year basis, and driving the firm’s performance in 2018 to improve significantly.
At the same time, the rapid growth of retail operations has also increased the profitability of companies, with short-term consumer loans remaining at a higher level in the social context of the three-quarter interest-rate spread of 2018, while consumer loan-type financial products are expected to remain more market space, and the expansion of corporate credit assets is expected to continue at a faster rate than in 2018.
The Bank of Shanghai has a better customer base and a lower rate of non-performing lending among listed banks. As of 2018, the Bank of Shanghai is located in a well-developed long triangle.
At the end of the third quarter of the year, the balance of corporate non-performing loans was $8,978 million, an increase of $1,334 million, a negative rate of 1.08 per cent, a decrease of 7bp from the beginning of the year, and only higher than the Bank of Ningpo, the Bank of Nanjing, and the usual banks.
Sea banks strengthen asset quality controls for new loans, increase risk containment and counter-defeating, balance asset quality pressures through real-time monitoring of credit client dynamics, rolling out of credit asset risk, and opt-out of industries with high levels of excess capacity. At the same time, companies tend to favour retailing on overall credit placements.
In view of the social context of rising consumption, the short-term consumer market space for the population, the size of the company’s retail credit is expected to continue to increase, with increased pressure on the public administration; and the interest rate on loans has fallen or has narrowed the margins of the company’s interest differentials.
The Shanghai Bank, located in Shanghai, our financial centre, is a regional comptoir with a strategic vision of “good banking.” In recent years, companies have focused on small and medium-sized enterprises, wealth management and old-age finance.
Financial markets, cross-border finance, online finance, etc., nurture and shape business features and continuously enhance sustainable development capabilities. The Department currently has branches in cities such as Shanghai, Beijing, Shenzhen, Tianjin, Chengdu, Ningbo, Nanking, Hangzhou, Suzhou, Sinxi, Shaohin, Nanton, Changzhou, Salt City, etc., which form the fabric of long triangles, ring seas, jewel triangles, and key cities in the Midwest.
(b) Launched the establishment of four Village Bankes, Shanghai Monetary Fund Management Limited, Shanghai Consumer Finance Co. Ltd., the Shanghai Bank (Hong Kong) Ltd., and established correspondent relationships with nearly 1,500 banks and their branches in more than 120 countries and territories around the world.
The Shanghai Bank’s shareholders include both Shanghai-based state-owned shares, Chinese-owned corporate shares, and foreign banks, as well as a number of individual shares. Corporate management under mixed ownership structures has developed a sound corporate governance structure.
Figure 1: Shanghai bank shareholder structure. Main company business structure: The Shanghai Bank maintained a rapid expansion of assets of more than 20% in 2014-2016, influenced by the expansion in the size of bonds and non-valued investments by its peers. But in 2017, as financial deleveraging policy deepened,
By the end of the third quarter of 2018, corporate assets had totalled 1.96 trillion yuan, and by the structure of the business, net corporate interest income had declined steadily until 2017, and fees and investment fees had been collected.
The ratio of gains has continued to rise, reflecting many attempts by companies to expand their profit channels and scale up their investments. But, with new regulations in 2018, the industry has returned to traditional credit-based business, with investment returns and non-interest earnings rising by 7.9 percentage points at the end of the year.
In 2016, as a result of interest rate marketization and the increase in the tax on the increase in prices, net corporate interest income increased by 2.56 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the value of derivatives decreased in 2017, corporate revenue and net profits increased at a low rate in recent years, and corporate growth focused on credit ownership in 2018, with emphasis on the spread of revenue.
R. As of the end of the third quarter, both the net profit on revenue and size had improved significantly, by 29.5 per cent and 22.5 per cent, respectively, respectively, and in recent years, 2 companies have analysed: retail share has risen steadily, interest differentials have fallen, 2.1 asset restructuring has consolidated interest margins and retail sales have increased faster than public credit.
Unlike most banks in the industry that have developed traditional credit operations, the urban comptoirs have more diversified asset-end configurations, with a greater focus on investment asset allocation, with credit assets generally below 50%. This is due to the increasing competition in credit markets for high-quality customers, where the comptoirs do not have a comparative advantage in traditional credit operations, on the one hand, and with the city comptoirs, on the other.
In the case of Shanghai Bank, the share of corporate credit assets continued to decline until 2016, while the corresponding share of bonds and non-signited investments rose. Since 2017, the company has been actively adjusting its asset allocation as the new regulatory policy discipline has increased.
At the end of the year, it rose by almost 11 percentage points, after the banks of Beijing and Jiangsu. At the same time, the net interest differentials and net spreads of companies increased by 36 bp and 21 bp, respectively, compared to the end of 2017.
In the process of upgrading the credit asset ratio, companies are also actively adjusting the credit asset structure to the macroeconomic cycle and the market demand and supply environment. Given the changes in the credit asset structure of companies over the last five years, the share of public loans has been more stable and at or below the 70% level, while the more obvious trend is the continued increase in the personal loan ratio and the continuous contraction of the discounting business.
This mainly reflects the fact that companies have found differentiated paths suitable for their own development, through the transformation of retail operations, increased voluntary investment in individual credit, and pressure on discounted loans on public instruments, thereby raising interest differentials on the basis of ensuring that the quality of assets does not decline.
It was the short-term consumer loans that continued to grow at a high level, and by October 2018 our financial institutions had a consumer loan of 36.8 trillion yuan, a 20 per cent increase over the same period. The short-term consumer loan balance of 846 trillion yuan, a 29 per cent increase over the same period, was higher than the medium- and long-term loans, showing a strong growth momentum.
The Bank of Shanghai has been targeting retail development as a “big priority”, while among retail loans, consumer finance has undoubtedly been developed and nurtured as a strategic feature. By the first half of 2018, the balance of bank consumer loans in Shanghai had reached $11,58.8 billion.
The company, using a combination of external cooperation and self-employment marketing strategies, introduced consumer gold products, such as “gold orange loans” and “loans of credit,” which are well received by the market. Ten thousand dollars, the counterpart must hold a Chinese platinum card from Shanghai Bank for one year or more, and pay personal mortgages at Shanghai Bank for two years.
The credit is granted by the Shanghai Bank to eligible borrowers for the purpose of reasonable consumption by themselves and their families. The loan is for civil servants, employees of a business establishment, and 500 persons who have worked for more than two years.
The maximum amount is $300,000, with a period of one to three years, and the loan period is accompanied by a monthly repayment of the principal of the loan (the proportion of the principal agreed by the bank) and the corresponding interest, and the remaining principal is returned once it has expired.
Compared to other listed bank consumer lending products, the loan interest rate is basically the same, with the expected annual interest rate of loans floating upwards or downwards at 6%, compared with the lowest interest rate of 5% of the “millions of money” loan of Poufant Bank, but the application is made for a Pufan Bank credit card and a relatively low interest rate of 5.655% of the “contributive loan” of Shanghai Bank.
The Shanghai Bank's “gold orange loans” are the highest consumer lending product, amounting to $3 million, up to $300,000 for Ningbo, vendors, Poifan, etc. The Bank has a maximum of $500,000. But the “gold orange loans” are strictly restricted to the recipients, and the applicant must be a platinum card client of the Shanghai Bank and have a mortgage with the Shanghai Bank.
According to the letter of credit period, banks have a three-year limit for their consumer lending products, and the Phuang Bank has a maximum period of 30 years for “lending ease.” Mostly in the form of repayments, a percentage of the principal is repaid in the final period.
The Shanghai Bank, because of its location in a well-developed, long-triangular region, has a better customer base, with bad loans of $1 billion in listed banks, with a negative rate of 1.08 per cent, a decrease of 7bp from the beginning of the year, and only higher than Ningpo Bank, Nanjing Bank and usual experience in listed banks, which, despite the downward trend in the macroeconomic cycle in recent years, have kept the overall asset quality of the industry under pressure.
However, Shanghai Bank strengthens asset quality controls for new loans, increases risk containment and dissipation, balances asset quality pressure with real-time monitoring of credit client dynamics, rolling credit asset risk exposures, setting credit risk alerts, proactively withdrawing from excess capacity with a high rate of poor performance. At the same time, companies tend to favour retailing on overall credit placements, focusing on development issues.
For the third year in a row, a low rate of consumer finance has led to a downward trend in corporate failures. In the structure of the Shanghai Bank’s credit delivery industry, it is concentrated in rental services and real estate, which together account for more than 30% of the total, and both industries are low-performing and highly qualified.
The ratio of non-performing loans in both sectors is lower than the industry average, showing a stronger level of control. In addition, in recent years, the Shanghai Bank has been developing retail operations, accounting for the highest share of retail loans in terms of personal consumption loans and mortgages, which are also of better quality than the industry average, and in the context of the continuing high growth in the consumer loan balance, we expect the Bank to be in Shanghai in the future.
The overall quality of credit assets will continue to improve. Corporate recognition of non-performing loans is tight, with the full credit of assets over 90 days overdue, the ratio of overdue 90 days to non-performing loans is only 0.61%, and the gap between overdue and non-performing loans continues to widen, showing companies to be right.
The calculation of non-performing loans is more prudent and rigorous. Moreover, while the balance of corporate non-performing loans exercised during the economic cycle has increased, it is expected that the rate of non-performing loans will continue to fall as companies increase their disposal of bad assets.
Under the new regulatory policy, the return of non-valued assets to commercial banks has put pressure on commercial banks to replenish their capital. In the current listed banks, the capital adequacy level of the urban comptoirs has been generally low, credit expansion has been faster and capital replenishment has become more stressful.
Since the Shanghai Bank was listed in 2016, capital adequacy has been at a long-term upstream level in the industry, with companies meeting the demand for capital for credit expansion mainly through the issuance of secondary capital debt. As of the end of the third quarter of 2018, Shanghai
The core-level capital adequacy rate of banks, the primary capital adequacy rate and the capital adequacy rate of 10.06 per cent, 11.52 per cent and 13.44 per cent, respectively, reflect a decline from the end of the previous year, mainly as a result of the rapid expansion of corporate credit in 2018 and greater consumption of capital. In recent years, new regulations have guided commercial banks to return untagged assets outside their surfaces and to manage financial subsidiaries.
In 2017, the company was awarded $20 billion in priority shares, which was released early in 2018, supplementing net capital at the firm level. In the future, as the size of the company’s credit continues to expand, the company is expected to continue to expand.
With regard to future corporate growth, we make the following assumptions: (1) The growth rate of corporate deposits over the next three years will remain steady, and we use three-phased ddm valuations for the next three years as short-term, and the next 10 years as a transitional growth period.
In comparison with Shanghai Bank, we have selected five companies in the industry with a stock marketed comptoir, with an average of 0.86 times pb in 2018 and 0.79 times pb in 2019. Shanghai Bank will have three main points of view for the future: (1) the leading comptoir in the city with the largest market value, the economically advanced regions of the business bureau with the established business base and the quality of credit.
(b) The company continues to do large retail panels, especially consumer finance, and this portion of interest income is not yet fully reflected in the company ' s current performance and is expected to continue to increase at a high rate in 2019; and (c) zero. The large increase in the share of sales and consumer business not only boosts the company ' s income spread, but also helps to reduce the company ' s overall negative rate,
In view of the above, we believe that banks in Shanghai should have a reasonable range of valuation levels between 0.9 and 1.1 times pb. Given the uncertainty of future industrial policies and economic development cycles, we have chosen a more conservative relative valuation.
The cap gives a “buy-in” rating. The economic cycle either deteriorates or worsens the quality of the company’s assets; regulatory policies tighten or increase the pressure on the company’s regulation; and the lending rate falls or narrows the space for the company’s interest differentials.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.