Ocean River shares (00234.sz) are consistent with the growth rate of the harvest. We expect that the growth of M6+ will be sustained by large environmental impacts, that the table will be more supportive of the growth of the ocean, heaven, and m3 crystal, and that the overall growth and sales will be more favourable.
Match, the pre-collected reservoir is not overstretched. The company’s marketing efforts continue to increase during the season, and management efficiency is further enhanced; after deduction, the net interest rate for the parent is equal to +0.10 pct to 29.16 per cent, with a slight increase in profitability.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: With the successive upgrades of products below dream, sky, sea and $100, the entire Department of Public \triangleright product has been equipped with a digital system that facilitates further fine-tuning and control of sales.
We believe that the price of m6+ is still in the lead, and if business demand improves, it is expected to accelerate the production of the ocean river shares (002304.sz): the market continues to sink and the country expands faster.
Risk factors: effects of a weak recovery in consumption; increased competition in industry; risks to food safety Ocean river shares (002304.sz): opening ocean river shares (002304.sz): trends
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Senior industrialists and top-level schools have been trained. Lou Qing Fong, Master of Finance, graduated from the Central University of Finance and Finance, three years of experience in food and beverage research and two years of experience in bond research. Covers pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, lasagna chefs, up-to-date foods), spices (in-depth study of Angel yeast mothers, familiar with seafood, lasagna,
In-depth research covers recreational foods and chains (in-depth study of taste-free foods, perchance ducks, glory, concocted foods, salt-salt stores, kamazu foods, ginseng foods, etc.).
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, three years of food and beverage research experience.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science and Research, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, followed by two years of research and development and operation in Saputu, the big milk company, and two years of experience in food and beverage research.
Zhang Wei-hyun has graduated from Wuhan Polytechnic University, two years in law, economics, and two years in the financial sector, followed by 13 years in the white wine industry, followed by first-line sales in the Qingzhou cellar, Dukang, and the Shedd liquor industry, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and a unique understanding of the trends in the white wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high liquor companies.
Tang Jing, B.A., Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of experience in the fast-discharge industry, 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, has a unique insight into high-end white wine. He's good at future market strategies based on available data and market moves.
Liquor, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer, water, and beverages. Full peace, Master of Management, United Kingdom Business School, overseas studies and work experience have gained a broad international perspective.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.