Ocean River shares (002.04) Food beverages continue to be nationalized, and reservoirs are still abundant, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre is still well established.
Events: 3-quarterly reports issued by companies in 2023, which resulted in total operating income of $30.28 billion in the first 3 quarters of 2023, an increase of 14.4 per cent in the same year and a net return to the mother of $10.20 billion, an increase of 12.5 per cent in the same year; 8.41 billion yuan in the single-quarter of 2023, an increase of 11.0 per cent in the same year, and 2.34 billion yuan in the net return to the mother,
A 7.5% increase in the same year, with profits growing slightly less than market expectations in the last three quarters. • Short-term pressure on the Māori rate and reservoirs remain adequate. 1 single q3:1 in 2023, recovery in business consumption since the beginning of the year, percentage point to 74.9%.2 Corporate deepening network building and operations of core consumer groups, while operating in mid-autumn, mid-Autumn
On the occasion of the Fourth Anniversary, market promotion was increased, with sales rates increasing by 1.5 percentage points to 15.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis.3 The public administration adheres to the management philosophy of “people-centred, science-controlled” management, with continuous improvement in management effectiveness, compounding of scale effects, a 1.2 percentage point to 6.0 per cent decrease in management costs on a year-on-year basis, and a 0.9-per cent increase in combined costs on a year-on-year basis.
Deepen the regional layout and optimize the product structure. 1. Companies actively promote highland model market construction, strengthen core market expansion and continue to play a leading role in the highland market; step up efforts to promote the development of sub-prefecture sub-county sub-county sub-county markets, and continue to open up growing markets and further deepen market layout.
The line leads by insisting on a sub-high-end brand system based on Crystal Dream Blue and M6+, M9 and Dream Blue Classes, clarifying the layout and positioning of the various price belts, bringing together big events, branding, branding, etc., and continuously promoting product structural upgrading.
Keeping the focus on core monolithics and pushing for structural upgrading. Companies are constantly pushing for product structural upgrading and business growth around the idea of “product refining and structural optimization”; 1. Keeping quality-oriented and continuing to push for soft-forming research and applications and constantly improving product quality. 2. Combine and optimize sku and achieve product overlaps.
The dynamic balance between generation and phase-out, continued focus on the blue of the sea, the creation of the dream 6+ core monolith, crystallized m3, and a more focused product strategy.
The company is strong. The basics are strong in the provinces, and the extra-provincial growth space continues to expand.
2. Shares in the ocean river (2023-08-30): product upgrading has accelerated, and Novo will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.