Ocean River shares (00234.sz) are growing steadily in the third quarter, crystals are showing up, food drinks and white wine ii.
Three quarters showed robust performance growth and year-round achievement. The first three quarters realized total operating income of $30.3 billion, an increase of 14.4 per cent, compared with 14.4 per cent, net return of $10.2 billion, a rise of 12.5 per cent, a gain of 11.0 per cent, a gain of $2.3 billion, a gain of 7.5 per cent, a gain of 7.5 per cent and a deduction.
Crystal dream benefits from the refilling and upgrading of the feasts, and the overall repayments are going well. Three quarters of the seasons of the feasts are still in demand, the product structure is similar to the second quarter, the crystal dream continues to benefit from the sky’s blue upgrade needs, and controls are being applied, with relatively good performances in Nanjing and South Sudan.
Cost-adding restraint and cost-reducing viability remain robust. Single-q3 sales cost 15.5%, slashed to terminals and consumers, structurally reduced purchases, accelerated sales through scavenging red packages, higher bottle rates, etc., year-round growth in high quality of products for which companies are seeking, and a high-season sales promotion ring compared to the second quarter.
The management cost of single q3 is 5.0%, and the reform dividend is gradually released, enabling companies are growing high-qualityly. On the product, companies insist on long-term structural upgrading.
Or roll-out of 200-bit products to meet the sea's blue-up demand; through the channel, the model “one-stop shop, multi-market” has a prominent advantage, and companies are actively improving their manufacturing relationships and creating model market experience models, Ocean River Shares (002304.sz) - Second Quarter, 16% increase in revenue and dream series receipts
The market in the low-lying districts ensures healthy channels and good market development; organized, company marketing groups, The Ocean River Shares (002304.sz) - the dividends of marketing reform continue to be released, the product structure is highly motivated, and talent development projects are undertaken to reserve for long-term development.
Ocean River Shares (002304.sz) - Products have been highly effective, and marketing systems have been optimized to promote a higher level of morale, and to see high-quality development by enabling companies such as organizational management, product reserves, channel base, etc. Ocean River Shares (002304.sz) - second quarter performance has grown steadily and high-end
Ocean River Shares (002304.sz) - Marketing reform and the continuous release of product uplift dividends Investment proposal: In view of the uncertainty of the recovery in demand, we have reduced income and profit projections slightly, with robust performance in the three quarters expected, with a year-round mandate in sight.
RMB, 14.4 per cent increase in the same year; net profit of 10.2 billion yuan increase in the same year and 12.5 per cent increase in the same year; net profit of 10.2 billion yuan gain in the same year and 14.9 per cent increase in the same quarter; gross operating income of 8.4 billion yuan increase in the same quarter and 11.0 per cent increase in the same year; net profit of 2.3 billion yuan gain in the same year and 7.5 per cent increase in the same year; net profit of 2.5 billion deductions in the same year
Crystal dream benefits from the refilling and upgrading of the feasts, and the overall return is going well. The demand for compensatory receptions in the three quarters of the province is still, the product structure is similar to that of the second quarter, the crystal dream continues to benefit from the need to upgrade the sky in blue, and is expected to perform relatively well in the Nanjing and Sonam regions at the same price measures.
At the end of the 30th quarter, the company’s contract liability was approximately $552 million, the cost of the ring increase was restrained and the non-post profitability remained robust. Single-q3 sales cost was 15.5%, compared to +1.53 pcts/rings-1.30 pcts, and similar to the second quarter, the third quarter’s corporate cost policy continued to tilt towards the end.
And consumers, with a structural reduction in the purchase of gifts, accelerated sales through the sweep of red packages, increased bottle openings, etc.; year-round, with a high-quality increase in products for which companies are seeking, the season promotional push ring is narrower than in the second quarter to ensure that major companies deduct 29.2 per cent of the net non-return interest rate, which is almost equal to last year (0.1 pcts).
On the product side, companies insist on long-term structural upgrading, where price-bit products take on the blue line; on the channel, where the model advantages of “one-stop, multi-market” are highlighted, companies are actively improving their business relationships, building model markets, creating model markets, and taking a heavy toll on local markets.
To ensure healthy channels and healthy markets; organizationally, corporate marketing teams are motivated and develop talent projects to reserve for long-term development.
Investment Recommendations: Taking into account the uncertainty of the recovery in demand, we have reduced income and profit projections slightly, and it is projected that figure 3: The single-quarter Māori rate of Ocean River shares The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author