On October 27, 2023, Ocean River shares released their report for the first three quarters of 2023.
▪ Performance meets expectations, and steady growth is the trend. At the end of the cash flow, the net cash flow from business activity 2023q1-q3 is 4,343 million  product structure influences the Māori rate and optimizes the fee-investment structure
On the cost side, 2023q1-q3 sales/management costs are continuously optimized by companies, with investment focused on branding and consumer terminals. During the third quarter, companies are actively preparing for the mid-autumn season of consumption, increasing the blue/sky blues of the sea.
/m3 Crystal /m6+ product opener incentives, with higher promotional costs on a par. 1, Ocean River Shares (002304); Performance card  Promotional sink, digital transformational support management efficiency
On the product, the core blue/m6+ monoliths are constantly focused on the sea, pushing the product up 2nd and Ocean River Shares (002304); open-mindedness is optimized. On the channel, it continues to expand and deepen its suburban market expansion at the county level.
Inwards, deep nationalization is taking place. Channel points are being built and high-lying model markets are being developed to strengthen core markets.3 Ocean River Shares (002.04): Product wrapping
Organizationally, companies promote marketing transformation through the "3+4" indicator system, select continuous upgrades, deepen the nationalization of marketing organization structures, and sustain the construction of several intelligent rivers to help upgrade their industries.
As branding becomes more and more efficient, companies are expected to continue to improve market competitiveness through channels/organizations, upgrade their product structure within the province, and we are looking at the company as the leader of Soo Wine, the dream blue continues to lead the company, the blue blue.
The colour classics are expected to continue to be brilliant; the diagonals and the distillation of wine, which complement the company's product requirements; the downside risks; the failure to recover the consumption scene; the pace of development of the channels; the growth of the brands of the diagonals; and so on.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short and medium term, a share of the potential; in thinking about the white wine plate, there is an in-depth market for the Su wine; in June 2023, Sha Yannan: Master of Arts from Hunan University, Graduated in Finance, joined the Chinese Securities Study, Xiaozhou: Master of Arts from the Chinese University of Hong Kong, cfa.3: Study experience in the food and beverage industry, covering beer and halo.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, or because of specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.