The case of Dressee Weiss: disclosure of 2024h1 report, operating revenue of $11,692 million.
The company’s high-end Māori product sales have risen effectively to improve the q1 pressure, with the company’s 24h1 smart cabin, smart driving, network and other revenues reaching $7.965 billion, 2,667 million and $1,060 billion, respectively.
The company’s 24h1 sales cost/Imagine car’s international tier1 growth path. The company’s focus is on the three main business lines of smart pods, smart drivers, and network services, accelerating the international tier1 growth path for smart cars (1).
With regard to smart cabins, the company's third-generation smart space controller has been scaled up rapidly, and the fourth-generation smart space controller has been added to the stock of customers, such as ideal cars, and the sales of new project orders have exceeded $15 billion a year. (2) In smart driving business, there is a high level of arithmetic.
Smart-driving domain controllers have been able to scale up their products in ideal cars, kryptonite cars, etc., and have obtained new orders from several mainstream customers, such as Toyota, Wall cars, etc. The company's lightweight intelligence to drive domain-controlled products has secured new projects, such as Chir's car, a red flag, etc.
The company has entered into strategic cooperation agreements with long-line intelligence and Xiao Xing to match the high-level high-level requirements for autopilot hardware and software systems. New overseas project orders accelerate landings.
The new European Science Park in Secway has now started a phase of work that includes office buildings and a 3d antenna surveying laboratory; the first European office in Paris, France; and the launch of a smart factory construction project in Sibán. The company has established subsidiaries and offices in several regions around the world.
Investment advice: the company speeds up its growth into an international tier1 for smart cars.
After ipu04, a new generation built on the thor chip, the central computing platform plus annual revenues of $282,00, 35,316 and 43,516 million, the same period, the chip shortage exceeded expectations, the development of new products was not proceeding as expected, and the overseas market was not expanding.
The international tier1 growth path of smart cars, the Pacific Academy, Chinese Fares 9 North Street, Beijing City West Side, 2nd Unit, 7th Floor.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.