In keeping with the expectations of the first half of the year, the continued rapid growth of intelligent driving operations, which benefited from the trend of car intelligence, and the continued upward breakthroughs, we maintained the continued rapid growth of corporate smart driving and the gradual restoration of the q2 Māori ratio.
During the reporting period, the company smart cabins, smart drivers, smart network operations respectively generated 79. 65/216.67/10.60 and the same change - 0.02 pct/+1.93 pct. The increase in the Māori ratio of smart business is expected to benefit from the higher-level intellectual driving product of new clients, resulting in an increase in the share of high Māori products. At the cost side, the company ' s sales/management/research and development/financial costs are respectively.
• The new product business continues to expand, accelerating the pace of internationalization, smart car taps are firmly ahead, the company's three main lines of business continue to work, empowering cars with intelligence. In intelligent driving, the company's arithmetic and intelligent domain controls the continued acquisition of new orders from mainstream customers, such as the Wall, and new foreign and joint venture clients, such as Toyota, Upstream General, etc.
Dots; lightweight intelligent domain control of new recipients such as Chirry, a red flag, etc.; in addition, companies are working with long-line intelligence and thugs to accelerate the arrival of a new generation of pilots and even central computing platforms.
New project orders. Companies continue to open up overseas markets, have entered European, South-East Asian, Japanese, and North American markets, a new European technology park phase has been launched, and international markets have continued to open up growth space globally.
Long-term development of a small and medium-sized information update. Performance orders continue to grow and move towards a global opening for growth - a small and medium-sized information update.
Three Quarters High Performance Growth, Not One Mid-Year Information Update