Improved product structure for profitability, progress in internationalization — semi-annual performance rating in 2024
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2024, which generated operating revenues of $11,692 million in the first half of the year, together with the improvement in the structure of the intellectual driving product, and the increase in the Māori ratio by the same ring: 2024 h1, the company's revenue was renewed.
Business share continued to grow, smart cabin/smart driving/networking services and others, respectively. Smart driving and network service rates continued to rise. In 2024, the company ' s Māori ratio fell by 1.61 pt from H2 in 2023, with high-value domain-controlled products collapsing over the prices of the mainframe.
Qin JiQin grew by 3.27 pct a year, and the improvement in the Māori rate for smart driving was the central reason for the improvement in Māori rates for the company as a whole, and the ideal change of 1 7/8/9 for the major clients of q2 companies.
The pro version upgrades the orin-x chip, leading to the growth of the company ' s high-value, high-māori domain controller business volume, an increase in the role model effect, and a significant improvement in the Māori literacy rate for intellectually motivated businesses. In the first half of the year, the company also released a new generation of high-performance cord03p horn radars, which have multi-products such as forward-mm wave radar, cascade imaging radar, etc.
It is expected to increase the overall competitiveness of the operations in conjunction with the domain controller products and increase the value of the bicycles to strengthen its profitability; network services and other operations have a Māori ratio of 29.25 per cent, corresponding to 12.08 per cent, with a significantly lower cost during the period of production, with a higher net interest rate for support companies: 2024 h1, net profit for the company
Growing demand for new products has slowed as the technological pathways of smart pods, smart drivers, etc., and research and development costs have increased steadily, with cost rates benefiting from higher revenues and downs; sales costs have ranged from -0.40 pct to 1.09 per cent; management costs have ranged from -0.42 pct to 1.87 per cent; and efficiency measures have led to sales and pipelines.
There has been a steady improvement in internationalization and an increase in overseas market input: the trend towards car intelligence, driven by the domestic wave of new energy transformations, is that the three largest companies have global technological excellence, have the technological power to become full-blown car parts and components, and promote overseas market intelligence through continuous breakthroughs with white-point clients.
Technological advances have resulted in the acquisition of multiple international market client project fixes, such as the information entertainment system, which has acquired new project fixes for Mazda, Toyotaindonesia; the system has been identified for multiple client projects such as volkswagen, Toyota, Ceer, Seet, Audi, Cat, etc.; LCD meters have been secured
The company has implemented a local internationalization strategy, gradually increasing its foreign market input, and has launched the European New Science Park founding ceremony in Weimar, Germany, in the first half of the year.
The first phase of the project included an office building and a 3d antenna survey laboratory; the establishment of the first office in Paris, France, to strengthen the capacity of client territorial services; the launch of a smart factory construction project in Spain, and the independent and objective presentation of the present report, in response to the commitment of Europe and myself to practice with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.