\triangleright 21/08/2024
\triangleright’s increase in exchange losses has led to an increase in financial costs. The creation of the diversity domain control matrix is fully compatible with differentiated market demand.
\triangleright's matrix of diverse intellectual domain control solutions, which provides strong support for the continued growth of intellectual driving, see: 1) high-calculable intellectual domain control.
1. Medium-term investment strategy for the auto parts and components industry in 2024: new project orders for a number of mainstream customers, such as the city, the gas industry, the upper gas industry, and the East Wind Nitrogens; 2) lightweight-level intellectual control. New client projects, such as Chirí and a red flag, have been targeted; 3) cabin-carried products.
The development of a multi-generation computer-based central computing platform chip has led to a strategic cooperation agreement with long-line intelligence and thongs to accelerate the landing of a new generation of pilots, matching high-level high-level autopilot hardware and software system requirements. The local internationalization strategy for overseas markets is continuing.
The rapid construction of a global system of services was carried out by the company in Germany, the new European Science and Technology Park project, and the construction of smart factories in Spain, among them Spain.
The plant will be completed by the end of 2025, with products such as an external smart module and an intelligent driver in 2026, to meet the rapid response needs of European and neighbouring markets with localized production capacity. Investment advice: smart cabin products benefit from big screen trends and new customer outreach, smart driving product overturns.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.