Strong recommendation (maintenance) High growth in brokering and stable market share of the Fund - semi-annual performance rating of Eastern wealth (300059.sz)
Events: Eastern Wealth issued its mid-term report for 2022. The company achieved a total operating income of $6.308 billion, an increase of 9.13 per cent over the same period; a net return of $4.444 billion, an increase of 19.23 per cent over the same period; end-of-period net asset return, affected by a transferable debt to equity.
In the first half of the year, because of the mutual flow of corporate financial ecology, deep exploitation of customers’ value, fees for Eastern wealth and net commission revenues of $2,774 million, it is expected that Eastern securities will be transformed by a strong flow of customers, a large number of potential customers, and an equal share of capital.
The size of the market has declined, and the net interest income from own bonds has increased. 2022h1, the company achieved net interest income of $1,184 million, yoy+18.99%, mainly due to public spending.
The Department has increased its own bond investment, resulting in increased interest income. The balance of the company’s savings was affected by Eastern Wealth (300059.sz): the performance of the brokering business, the low equity market, which was 12.37% lower than at the end of last year. The market share of the company’s two-way business was slightly lower.
There will be a gradual recovery in the size of the two-combined operations. The number of live users and sales per day of the Finance Platform 20 will increase by the same amount, and the market share of the Fund’s holdings will remain stable.
Half-yearly, the impact of the low fund market and the repossession effects of the client funds, corporate financial e-commerce operations (the base gold business) generated business income of $2.201 billion, yoy-8.16%.
Three hundred and thirty-nine thousand persons, hoh+7.4%; day of trade, 4.2465 million people, hoh+7.5%; year + 1.7% and non-base sales, yoy + 9.4% of the first half of the year of the daily fund, with better growth.
With a well-developed financial ecology, companies are expected to tap their clients’ value, and the city’s share is expected to increase. Increasing R & D investment will reduce financial costs by transferring money.
+71.10 million to $473 million, mainly to expand and improve the services of the biosphere, consolidate the optimization of users, interact with each other, and continue to enhance the company’s advantages in terms of user size and stickivity, and enhance the competitiveness of the company as a whole.
As a result of market downturns, corporate fund operations have slowed down slightly, delaying overall performance. We believe that companies, as third-party fund distributors and Internet voucher dealers, still have much room for improvement.
The advantage of a rich product line is expected to continue to expand its operations in the context of wealth management trends, enrich its own liquidity channels, and achieve steady growth in corporate performance. We expect corporate stock-based transactions to decline in activity, fund market requisitions and excess holdings to fall, and the epidemic.
Repeatedly, the economic downturn exceeded expectations.