The stock market rate continues to rise, the investment returns are bright, the stock market rate continues to rise, and the brokering and blending efforts continue.
In 2022, the average market-based turnover amounted to $976 billion, or 7.4 per cent, and in 2022, the net revenue from the transaction fees and commissions of the Eastern Brokerage Service was as follows:
The fund has a strong reputation, and wealth management is in the future: the fund has performed well. In 2022, H1 received 2.202 billion yuan, i.e. 8.16 per cent. According to data from the top half of the year, we believe that 1) there is a decline in the size of the new fund and the sales of corporate funds have gone against the market.
By the end of 2022, q2, day funds, equity funds and non-capital holdings were 5078/66.95 billion, respectively.
The competition has led to a smaller decline in sales and holdings, as well as a smaller decline in revenue.
In 2022, h1, “Treasury East 3” completed the transfer and de-carding of 160.05 billion yuan in Eastern wealth securities to further strengthen corporate capital. In addition, Eastern wealth securities are issued through short-term bonds, public bonds, etc.
Further enrichment of financing instruments and reduction of financing costs. After replenishment of capital, the company’s self-financing model expanded rapidly. In 22 years, h1, the company’s traded financial assets amounted to $47.726 billion, corresponding to income (investment returns plus gains and losses on fair value - equity shares in associated and joint ventures)
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The securities business is expected to rely on online flow advantages, low commission rates, and low financing costs.
This is expected to increase even further, with the alpha advantage. The Fund’s niche has been consolidated, and corporate fund sales have grown in reverse with the decline in the size of the new base.
Deputy General Manager, General Manager of the Guanghai Leasing Operations Department, formerly employed in China-Kinjia Portfolio Portfolio, China-Congregation. Joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, with responsibility for non-monetary financial research. Zhang Kaijing, Master ' s degree in economics, Wuhan University, Master ' s degree in actuarial sciences, Boston University, four-year actuarials industry experience, June 2022
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of a securities investment consulting business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the CVM.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.