On 18 July 2022, Eastern wealth securities issued non-audited semi-annual reports: revenue increased by 34 per cent and profits increased by 37 per cent.
The semi-annual unaudited non-consolidated financial statement issued on the evening of July 15 by \triangleright's wealth subsidiary, the Eastern wealth bond, received $4,177 million in 2022h1, an increase of 34 per cent in the same year; net profit was 2,848 million, an increase in the same year.
Brokering and investment returns are bright, and under adversity, the advantage of the East’s competitive advantage is highlighted. The revenue from the detailed dismantling of the East’s fortunes consists of 22h1 brokerage revenues of $2.44 billion, an increase of 30 per cent over the same period; net interest income of $960 million, with the market as a whole amounting to 114.12 trillion yuan (unilateral), a rise of 6.4 per cent compared to a high-quality ecological flow.
Income reached 960 million yuan, an increase of 25 per cent over the same period, while the size of the funds released was 37.1 billion yuan, a decline of more than 200 per cent from the beginning of the year, indicating the potential for cross-cutting expansion in the area of Eastern Treasury, with 22h1 companies trading in financial assets and other bond investments of 47.2 billion yuan and 11.4 billion yuan, respectively, a significant increase from the beginning of the year.
Research assistant Ding Xing’s overall market recovery in May is expected to revive the fund’s sales operations.
While the core indicators such as market turnover, net worth of public funds and so on have been subject to significant fluctuations, the trend has been marked since mid-May, with market turnover (unilateral) increasing by 11% in the first quarter of June, at the end of February. Market warming, especially the recovery in net value of public funds, is a factor in corporate fund sales.
1. Eastern wealth (300059.sz) event review: taking down base gold custody plates, overall distribution of wealth management - 2022/06/1
\triangleright Wealth itself's “Internet + voucher license” scarcity, industry's leadership and current valuation and self: performance meets expectations and market volatility highlights growth resilience
Compared with historical valuations, we believe that the current company is significantly undervalued and maintains a “recommended” rating.
Sun rises as usual, wealth management gains in 2022/019 meet expectations, operating leverage advantages are evident, 20.9q3 performance slightly outperforms the mid-point of performance forecast, and market capture continues.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.