Performance growth is in line with expectations, accelerating the transformation of wealth management — Eastern wealth (300059.sz) is evaluated in the semi-annual report for 2022. Gross operating income has grown steadily, with net return to mothers increasing by 19.23 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
In the first half of 2022, in the face of a complex and serious epidemic prevention and control situation, the company managed to overcome the effects of the epidemic, an increase of 22.81 per cent over the previous year; the financial e-commerce services generated revenues of $2.22 billion, a decline in the same year; the new model of wealth management.
Eastern wealth securities continue to transition to wealth management, and the Sky Fund has advanced its business innovation. 1) Securities operations: the official opening of the Eastern wealth equity fund investment adviser business, with the award of eligibility for the base fund hosting business, has led to a new breakthrough in wealth management. As of 30 June 2022,
Eastern wealth securities have 187 branches in the country ' s 31 provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government). During the first half of the year, the Eastern wealth stock stock exchange was 96.4 trillion yuan, representing a significant increase over the same period. 2) Fund sales operations: as of 30 June 2022, the Sky Fund had reached 151 public funds.
Fund Manager: 14358 fund products. The company ' s Internet-based e-commerce platform for financial e-commerce achieved a total of 92.2 billion yuan in sales of the Fund ' s 130,282,396 gold purchase (with a specified offer) transactions in 2021 by the Société générale pour l ' wealth d ' Orient (3,00059.sz).
Report points: High performance growth, diversified financing for development. A total of 109,753,298 non-monetary fund buy-out (including firm offer) transactions for sale amounting to $5,838 million. The accumulated fund sales of the Fund amounted to over $7 trillion, based on the non-monetary market.
The number of active users per day for the year 2021 is 2.3285 million, of which the number of active users per day of transactions is 2.3285 million.
Performance forecast rating: two-wheel drive for main business, over-expected performance growth: 3,0147 million, with an average number of non-trading day-to-day active visitors of 1,074,100.
In the first half of the year, the company completed a transferable “Treat East 3” and a de-carding exercise to boost Eastern wealth securities by $160.05 billion, further strengthening Eastern wealth equity capital.
Bonds, such as short-term vouchers, bonds, etc., have been issued to further enrich financing instruments, reduce the cost of financing, and provide financial support for the continued healthy development of corporate operations. Companies are the scarcest Internet service platforms in the country that provide Internet-based platforms to large-scale users
Applied products and services. With the continued healthy development of China’s capital markets, companies will grow in the future
The report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.