Sinjishan money transfer Eastern wealth (300059.sz) Counter-market growth in securities, sales + trustees combined to guarantee high growth
On August 13, 2022, \triangleright \trangleright’s securities grew against the market and grew significantly.
Thirty-four per cent of the net profit from maternity is $2.9 billion, an increase of 38 per cent, maintaining a high level of growth in extreme business situations and a comparative advantage over other bond dealers.
In the first half of the year, companies increased their financial investment in investment operations, increasing the share and size of easy financial assets in the first half of the year, achieving investment returns of $929 million, a significant increase of 220%.
Basic data: On 30 June 2022, the Fund retained a size of $50.78 billion, followed only by the Merchant Bank and the Ant Foundation, which account for 31% of third-party sales, and has created a high barrier to competition. At the same time, the company was granted the Fund in June.
Trust eligibility is expected to create full synergy with the sales of the Sky Fund to further increase the scale of the Fund’s sales.
Corporate wealth management biospheres are created by marketing, insurance services, etc. Large user resources and user sticky advantages are maintained. Companies have always been in absolute leadership in vertical finance, and corporate management has been involved in technology, development and failure in the Internet service industry.
The trend is well understood, while companies continue to refine their incentive systems, launching a new equity incentive programme in 2021 to motivate and stabilize the core team to ensure long-term growth.
The company relies on the Eastern Wealth Network and the stock bar as a flow portal, taking advantage of the needs of residents for wealth management, the core management team and the Internet base, which is distinct from the traditional coupons, as a result of the long-term growth of the company, which is driven by large fluctuations in the financial markets and the fact that operations are not moving as fast as expected.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.