• Mid-term performance rating of the Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) subsidiary
Incident: Eastern wealth securities issued unaudited consolidated financial statements in mid-2022. Companies achieved 37.5% growth; end-of-cycle net asset return was 5.6%, a decrease of 0.9 pct compared to the previous year.
Ecologic flows, deep exploitation of the value of customers, fees and commission payments for Eastern wealth securities of $2.44 billion, compared to +30.0 per cent, are far higher than the average daily turnover of the two cities, and it is hoped that with powerful customer flows, large numbers of potential customers have not yet been converted, and the assets of each client will still be higher.
The size of the two blends has declined as a result of the market’s influence, and self-owned bonds have led to a net increase in interest earnings. 2022h1, with a net interest income of 960 million yuan, or +25.4%, on Eastern securities, we assume the main factor.
This is due to the increase in interest income generated by the company’s increased investment in its own bonds. The company’s savings were affected by the low equity market in the first half of the year, which was 11.7 per cent lower than at the end of last year, and the overall financing balance.
The equity investment influences the self-earning by reducing the income from the company’s own business.
In Hardship, the first season of the non-banking industry, $650 million, or +58.6 per cent of the year, is expected to be due to the increase in the size of the company's own bond investment. 2022h1, the size of the company's financial product investment (transactions)
Quarterly Review of Eastern Wealth: The stock exchange rate continues to rise, and the fund’s surcharges are under 2022.4.23 The return on investment is 1.11%.
In our view, as equity markets improve, the company's own business is likely to be viable.
Now. At the end of June 2022, our stock + mixed public fund net value and share of 75,000, respectively, was affected by last year ' s high base and low sales of new funds, the Eastern wealth financial e-commerce business (base net and share) declined from the end of June, and the new fund market did not recover significantly.
As the overall epidemic stabilizes in the second half of the year, and the economy recovers gradually, the Fund’s market downturn will improve. As a result of market downturns, corporate surrogates are under pressure, delaying overall performance.
As a third-party fund dealer and an Internet voucher dealer, there is still much room for improvement. With strong customer flows, high-quality service capacity, and a rich product line advantage, Eastern Treasury is expected to continue to scale up its operations against the backdrop of wealth management trends.
We have reduced the volume of corporate e-commerce revenues in line with the Fund's market downturn and the impact of the first half of the year. After that adjustment, stock-based transactions have declined in activity, fund market requisitions and stock holdings are expected to decline.
Repeatedly, the economic downturn exceeded expectations.