Eastern wealth (300059) mid-2022: significant increase in securities business, leading the fund business industry 16/08/2022
In recent years, companies have focused on portfolio development. During the reporting period, they have completed a transferable “Treat 3” transfer and de-carding process, and have increased their share of Eastern wealth securities by 160.05 billion yuan.
In the first half of the year, corporate financial e-commerce services generated revenue of $2.202 billion (-8.16 per cent) and accounted for their operations.
In the first half of the year, despite the increase in the number of sales of financial products, the company collected the proceeds due to market fluctuations and the coldness of the Fund’s distribution.
As at 30 June, the company had 151 (+3.42%) public fund managers with 14,358 (+32.17%) fund products. The company ' s Internet-based e-commerce platform achieved a total of 130 million (-27.58%) purchase (with a firm ' s pledge) transactions and sales of funds.
The amount of $992.2 million (+1.73 per cent), of which the non-monetary funds together realized the recognition (requirement) of purchase (including offer) transactions, remained at the top of the industry.
The Fund ' s equity + mixed public equity fund, which holds a size of $50.78 billion, and the non-monetary market public fund, which holds a level of $6.69 billion, is ranked third in the industry, with an increase of 15.02 per cent and 31.92 per cent, respectively, respectively, in comparison with the previous year. The ring voucher is eligible to be held in a securities investment fund and the company ' s wealth management biosphere has been further refined.
During the reporting period, corporate trading platforms were affected by market fluctuations, falling daily, and corporate core fund trading flats.
The average number of active daily visitors is 3,0147,000 (-29.01%). However, companies insist on increasing their R & D investment and expanding their advantage in the field of Internet coupons. During the reporting period, R & D costs amounted to $473 million (+71.10%), accounting for 7.50% of total operating income (+2.72pt), of which jobs,
The company has developed a stable, technologically leading research and development team to maintain financial technological advantages through autonomous research and development. By taking advantage of brand names and Internet platforms, the company has built an eco-cooper for wealth management, finance technology, and foundations.
There is more power in the area of gold-diversion. At present, companies can transfer their debts, assets grow, and at the same time, the Department adopted the Equity Incentives Plan in August 2021. At the present time, the first conditions for the attribution of the Equity Incentives Scheme have been met, helping to strengthen the binding of companies and core personnel and to fully mobilize staff.
Figure 2 Total Eastern Wealth Assets (Billions of Dollars) Figure 3 East Wealth Operating Income and Growth Rates Figure 4 East Wealth Net Profit and Growth Rates
In the context of China’s shareholders, there are more in-depth studies on the synergies between the various financial practices of gold-controlled platforms, such as bond dealers, insurance, trusts, leasing, and investment in industry. In the absence and in the future, there will be no direct or indirect relevance to the specific recommendations or perspectives in this report.
This report is not about citizens or residents of any area, country or other jurisdiction who intend to send, or for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report, China Securities Limited and its associated companies to violate local laws or regulations, or to subject Chinese securities to laws or regulations. The copyrights of the material in this report are, unless otherwise indicated, Chinese securities. No material, contents or copies of this report may be made available to any other person without prior written authorization from China.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.