On July 15th, 2022, Eastern Wealth published limited shares in its subsidiary Eastern Wealth Securities.
The company ' s semi-annual unaudited non-consolidated financial statements for the year 2022, the Eastern Certificate of Wealth bill generated income of $4,177 million in the first half of 2022, i.e. +34.15 per cent in the same year; the mother ' s net profit, i.e. 2,848 million yuan in the same year ' s net profit, over-expected broker/binner performance, and self-employed business performance: 1) market activity is relatively stable.
One billion yuan (+9 per cent compared to the same period last year), in a context of relative stability in market activity, the market balance fell over the same period in 2021, and the balance of the market was profitable on the basis of the size and flow of its large retail users, and net revenue from fees and commissions amounted to 2,441 million yuan on a par of +30 per cent.
The decline in corporate interest expenditure has led to a rapid increase in net interest earnings. 3) Investment returns have remained high. The tradable financial assets of Eastern securities in the first half of 2022 amounted to $47.2 billion, which was expanded over the same period last year, and the reason for the improvement in the company’s cash management capacity. 4) Impairment returns to East Asian assets, and the performance of securities has stabilized. In the first half of 2022, the credit impairment of Eastern securities fell back 11.34 million yuan, last year.
During the same period, the loss on credit impairment of the Eastern stock securities was $7.14 million.  Eastern wealth securities are eligible to be held in trust, and corporate business is up to a higher level: 1) Eastern treasury bonds are about to be held in trust: after the Eastern stock securities have been granted trust in the Securities Investment Fund, the purpose is:
The Fund’s hosting license allows financial institutions to carry out the Fund’s hosting operations abroad and to collect trust funds from their agents. 2) The Fund’s hosting business is one of the major wealth management operations and is a licensed business.
Fund hosting is one of the basic operations of financial institutions and is closely linked to other wealth management (e.g., fund sales, brokerage, blending).
The pb (main broker) is at risk of not being able to do business. So, the performance of the Eastern securities is still above expectations, so we insist on seeing the long-term development potential of Eastern wealth and thinking that the company’s wealth management business is in a good state of development.
Keeping in mind that long-term corporate-market dominance will continue to increase, strengthening the leadership of retail wealth management, and that the licence plates have been approved, promoting the wealth management industry.