Construction in China (601668.sh)
On 26 April 2020, the company recently released its annual 2019 report, which generated operating income of 1,419.36 billion yuan, an increase of 18.4 per cent.
The company’s profit distribution plan for 2019 found a gold dividend of 1.85 yuan per 10 shares (including a steady overall performance growth in 2019, which was in line with the expected growth of 1,419.36 billion yuan in operating income from China’s buildings in 2019, an increase of 18.4 per cent over the same period; and the realization of a parent company’s share of the gold dividend.
Net profits of $41,881 million, an increase of 9.5 per cent in the same year. In 2019, revenues from housing construction, infrastructure construction and investment, real estate development and investment were increased by 8,723.66, 31,181.05, 216,980 million yuan, respectively.
(601668) A significant increase in the Māori rate, combined gains in housing construction and the capital chain in 19
The reason for this growth is, on the one hand, the abundance of the firm's home construction business and, on the other hand, the market occupation of the company's house construction business, the depth of the construction company: construction in China.
The housing sector accounted for 61.4% of income, increased by 1.1 percentage points from the same year, and achieved a gross gross profit of 55.7 billion yuan, while the company’s new contract for housing construction, which was 2.2 times the income of the house, remained at a high rate. Meanwhile, during the reporting period, the company ensured that the largest exhibition centre in the world – the Shenzhen International Exhibition Centre, the Winter Olympics National Swimming Centre – was upgraded.
The successful implementation of complex projects and the consolidation of corporate excellence in the area of high-end housing construction, such as super-high-level, large-scale public buildings The continuing decline in capital contracts is mainly influenced by the ppp project, the strict control of asset-liability ratios (to be deleted) The company's operating income from infrastructure construction in 2019 was $3,185 billion, an increase of 15.0 per cent over the same period.
The 22.4 per cent (-0.7 pct) of operating income achieved a M$27.1 billion Māori rate of 8.5 per cent, an increase of 0.1 per cent over the same period, mainly due to more stringent ex ante controls on infrastructure projects in order to promote high-quality infrastructure development, effective control of Ppp project risks, and maintenance of reasonable asset-liability ratios.
In 2019, the volume of sales of the contract was $382.6 billion, an increase of 28.1 per cent in the same year, and the volume of sales of the contract was 21.73 million square metres, an increase of 5.96 per cent in the same year. (National merchandise house sales increased by 6.5 per cent in the same area.)
At the same time, production in Haiti continued to grow steadily during the reporting period, with sales growing at a much higher rate than the average of 7 per cent in the same period for top 100 housing enterprises, with more than 60 per cent of the production stock concentrated in the first line and provincial capital cities. The construction area was 22,83 million square metres, an increase of 47.1 per cent over the same period.
During the reporting period, the company ' s real estate realized revenue of $217 billion, an increase of 17.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, a significant decrease in the financial cost rate due to a decline in leverage and changes in accounting standards.
The ratio was 0.31 per cent and the rate of management costs 1.95 per cent, respectively, which was almost the same as the previous year. Corporate cost control was effective, with a financial cost rate of 0.56 per cent, a decrease of 0.72 percentage points. The main reason for the significant decrease in financial costs was the company ' s enhanced financial cost control, while factoring costs were adjusted to investment returns, according to the general enterprise financial statement format.
R & D costs are 1.22%, an increase of 0.58 percentage points over the same period. The main reason for the significant increase in R & D costs is that companies optimize the innovation environment and increase their investment in science and technology.
Billions, with an effective increase in liability management. Of this amount, $6.4 billion has been reduced in bills payable for the current period, mainly by affiliated companies working on high-quality development and increasing scientific and technological inputs. During the reporting period, companies stepped up their research and development in such cutting-edge areas as green buildings, bim technologies, construction robots, new materials, etc.
Applied. The large-scale Bim design and construction project led by the Ministry of Industry and Communications, “Industry Internet Innovation Development Project”, contributed to solving the industry's three-dimensional basic graphic software, “cricket”; projects targeting public buildings, residential buildings, airports, subways, etc., were integrated into a series of green construction technology systems; steel architecture smart production lines, green concrete were built
Intelligent production lines, concrete building blocks, smart manufacturing lines; pioneered the development of 5g smarthouses to build the country’s first 5g smart site. Logic is just beginning, with companies acting as doubles in housing and infrastructure, city-level rises determined, future growth determined, valuation determined
(a) Low cost, reiterating the “buy-in” rating.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.