The performance of the Chengdu bank increased by 31.6 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, the profitability-led roe rose to 18.51 per cent, and the performance contribution came mainly from the size and contribution of the provision. Operating income increased by 16.1 per cent in the same quarter, with a slight deceleration.
High, with sustained high-scale growth, a slowdown in interest-bearing income, a high increase in fee-earning income, and related non-interest-related increases in investment. Corporate asset quality continues to improve, and advantages continue, with a decline in the provision for the same level of growth contributing to profits and a high increase in the credit stock.
Continuous growth in size, asset quality, economic advantages in the domain, positive expansion of capital banks, support for high performance growth, and corporate risk control capacity. Transfers reflect confidence in corporate growth, as well as strong capital demand in the company's high growth phase, and focus on debt swaps.
The top three quarters of Chengdu bank showed a 31.6 per cent increase in the previous quarter and a consistently high rise in performance.
Lines 2.18 per cent to 18.51 per cent and Roa to 0.09 per cent to 1.07 per cent above the same line. At the end of the three quarters, capital adequacy at the core level was 8.40 per cent, an increase of 6bp over the same period.
Replenishment of core-level capital by about 0.16 percentage points, elimination of the impact of conversions, core-level capital sufficiency by about 10 bp on a year-on-year basis, capital buffers remain strong, and attention is paid to the process of conversion to equity.
In the first three quarters, non-interest income rose by 3,053 million yuan, a 13.9 per cent increase over the same period. Of this, the fees increased by 44.8 per cent in the first three quarters, the net revenue from the driving fees increased by 0.73 cent points over the same period, and the net revenue from the first three quarters increased by 65 per cent over the same period.
Chengdu Bank: Continuing high performance and changing asset quality Repeated outbreaks and economic downfalls leading to a deterioration in asset quality exceeding expectations; regulatory controls exceeding expectations.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy operations Banks: Urban comptoirs ii Summary of performance: Chengdu Bank net profit of $6.752 billion in the first three quarters of 2022, a 31.6 per cent increase over the previous three quarters.
This represents an increase of 16.6 per cent, net fees revenue of 44.8 per cent over the previous year, operating income of 16.1 per cent over the same year, total corporate assets of the end of the three quarters increased by 31.6 per cent over the previous three quarters of the beginning of the year, profitability-led roe rose to 18.51 per cent, and performance contributions were mainly derived from model and reserve contributions. Operating income increased by 16.1 per cent over the same period, with a slight deceleration of growth, including continued high-scale growth and a slowdown in interest earnings.
The company’s assets continue to improve, its advantages continue, its provision for the same level of decline contributes to profits and its credit stock rises high. From the benefits of the bi-city economy’s capital build-up and regional economic excellence, Chengdu banks have expanded actively to support high performance growth, and corporate risk-control capabilities have improved, asset quality has improved, and provision has been made.
Realist holdings of swaps reflect confidence in corporate growth, as well as strong capital demand in high-growth segments of the company, focusing on the process of conversion to equity. High-growth, scarcely recommended cores, keep looking good.
In the first three quarters of the three quarters of Chengdu, the performance of the bank grew by 31.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with continued high performance driven by an upward trend of 2.18 percentage points to 18.51 per cent, and by 0.09 percentage points to 1.07 per cent on a year-on-year basis. The core-level capital adequacy rate at the end of the three quarters was 8.40 per cent, with an increase of 6 bp on the year-on-year. The impact of corporate credit-to-equity swaps, with capital adequacy at the core level falling by about 10 bp on a year-on-year basis, and the need for capital buffers remained strong, with a focus on the debt-to-equity conversion process.
Loan growth has slowed and the rate of increase is still higher than the level of the industry The three-quarter single-season net interest differentials are measured at 1.98 per cent, the same rate as the two-quarters. The three-quarters single-season interest income has increased by 13.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis, decelerating at a slower rate, and the differentials remain significant compared to the downward pressure, while the reference calculation differentials are mainly due to asset end-of-year returns and liabilities.
Growth in non-interest-bearing income has been positive, with high rates of growth, fees and investment revenues: 0.73 percentage points increase in net revenue from service charges over the same period, 65 per cent increase in net fees over the same period in the third quarter, which continues at an increasing rate; and continued improvement in the quality of assets, with continuing advantages.
At the end of the third quarter, the rate of non-performing loans was 0.81 per cent, a decrease of 2 bp over the second quarter, and a marginal increase of 0.12 per cent in the balance of non-performing loans over the previous quarter. Loans of interest decreased by 8 bp from 0.42 per cent in the second quarter.
This represents a 15.8 per cent decrease in asset impairment losses in the previous three quarters and a 22.2 per cent decrease in the same quarter in the previous three quarters, which is counter-milk in profit growth.3 The epidemic has been repeated and the economy is over-expected. As a pro-cyclical industry, corporate business development is more relevant to economic development. Macroeconomic development has affected the performance of the real economy and profitability, thus affecting the quality of assets in the banking sector.
Financial regulation is over-expected. Regulation of hidden government debt, real estate regulation has intensified since 2021, while continuing to induce banks to make concessions.
The real economy, however, if financial regulation is expected to affect corporate earnings performance, either by allowing the policy supermarket.