On October 29, 2022, Chengdu Bank issued a fast-track report on 22q3 performance.
Won, yoy+16.1%; mother ' s net profit of $6.75 billion, yoy+31.6%; bad rate of 0.81%, higher rate of recovery and higher rate of profit up. As of 22 q3, cumulative revenue increased at the same rate (lower) \triangleright
The net return on profits continues to rise, with a further 0.1 pcc increase from 22h1 on a year-on-year basis, or a decrease in credit risk, mainly due to continued improvements in asset quality.
The loan grew by more than 30%, supporting a high expansion. As of 22q3, the total loan had increased at a similar rate \triangleright
The research assistant continues to improve the quality of his assets in Bowen, with a significant increase in the provision coverage.
The interest ratio is 8 bp, the asset quality is further optimized, with the boost of the coverage ring + 23.7 pct, the loan allocation ratio of 1.cccc. 22q3 performance fast point of Chengdu Bank (601838.sh). Transfers are now in the conversion period and capital adequacy rates have recovered.
\triangleright 2. Chengdu Bank (601838.sh) reported a mid-2022 rating of transferable debt into a conversion period of 12.54 per cent as of 22q3, contributing to sufficient capital at the core level
In addition, the 7 billion yuan second-tier capital debt issue has been put on the agenda, supporting the continued high expansion of capital banks in Chengdu. Two-year quarterly reports elaborate on the extremes of "high expansion + low".
4. Chengdu Bank (601838.sh) in-depth report: regional plus investment recommendations: strong credit delivery, excellent asset quality holdings + very net statements = new leader of the city comptoirs - 2022/04/21
The growth in revenue was robust, with strong performance and a sustained increase in net profit returns; credit investment remained strong; the capital bank (601838.sh) had strong liquidity distribution points, reflecting the region ' s strong financing needs; the quality of assets continued to improve and the provision coverage significantly improved;
Review: $8 billion in debt swaps, with a high expansion and added value - 2022/\triangleright - Figure 1: Chengdu Bank ' s cumulative and year-on-year increase in performance up to 22q3
Figure 2: Cumulative increase in net interest income and net fees income as at 22q3 by capital bank, Figure 3: Cumulative increase in other non-interestable income as at 22q3 by capital bank, Summary of forecast data for corporate financial statements
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.