Incidents: On October 13, Chengdu Bank issued a fast-track report on 22q3 performance. 22q1-22q3 battalion collected 15.25 billion yuan, yoy+16.1 per cent; mother ' s net profit was $6.75 billion, yoy+31.6 per cent; bad rate 0.81 per cent. Performance remained high, with profits increasing at a higher rate. As of October 22q3, the rate of growth in the camp was small.
\triangleright 0.9 ptt, but still at a better level; the return of the net return profit at the same rate as the previous year, at a 30 per cent + high level, was not easy in the context of increased outbreak disturbances in the third quarter.
\triangleright Ring +0.1 pct, showing the regional development dividend. Since 22q2, the “scissors gap” between the growth of the RMB loan and the national average has been growing month by month, reflecting the real impact of the construction of the economic circle.
The financing needs, the build-up of the capital investment base economy since q3, and the success of the silver market, the surplus of gold, while the Chengdu Bank has been active for almost two years, we expect to be in line with the manufacturing industry, the industrial chain, and so on.
The research assistant continues to improve the quality of the assets in Bovin, and the debt can be transferred to the stock transfer period.
It is expected to be better among listed banks. High expansion and clean-up are important underpinnings of Chengdu’s valuation, with high expansion sustained by sufficient capital, which as of 22h1 became a core-level capital charge of 1.07% bank (601838.sh) in mid-2022:
The two-year quarterly report details the extremes of "high-extension + low-performing" and the constraints that further support the high-extension extension of capital banks. Performance is hard to cover by 2022/04/28.
3. Chengdu Bank (601838.sh) in-depth report: regional plus investment proposal: high profit growth, strong scale up, negative decline \triangleright
+Experite net statement = New Leader of the City Business Bank - 2022/04/21 4. Chengdu Bank (60838.sh)
Review: Eight billion debt swaps, with a high expansionary boost and a drop of 2022/, could effectively support a high expansion and solidly support the Chengdu bank’s valuation. We have an inventory of 1.0 times 22 years pb, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Figure 1: Cumulative performance of Chengdu banks as at 22q3
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.