3-quarterly review 2022: Continuing the high ups and ups and downs, October 29th, 2022, Research Assistant Cao Chinan.
▪ Core indicator: Business income achieved by the company in the first three quarters of 2022 was $15,246 million, a slight decline in the same year-on-year growth rate, mainly due to high temperatures, recurrent outbreaks, etc. As at q30 million, 31.3 per cent of the same time, and a slight decline of 1.3 pct over h1.
The drop of 6.4 pct, with current deposits at 41.7% and below h1, with 3.7 pct. The tri-quarters have experienced short-term shocks such as periodic temperatures, epidemics, and the combination of seasonal factors, although the scale of the indicators has fallen slightly, without changing the growth momentum in the context of the region’s strong economic growth.
On the one hand, after a second economic expedition in the second half of the year, with steady growth plus interest rates, Mlf and Ipr fell in August, and despite the fact that the major banks kept their interest rates down, the premium on deposits in small and medium-sized banks fell short of their capacity.
On the other hand, there has been an increase in the fixed-term share of Chengdu bank deposits, raising the burden of indebtedness to a certain degree. On the whole, there is a controllable decline in Chengdu bank differentials.
Billion dollars; negative rate 0.81%, 2bp down from h1; provision coverage of 498%, up from h1 24pct. In the second half of the year, a more dynamic retail strategy has been maintained, with a strong increase in net revenue from fees and commissions of 561 million yuan, compared to the same amount.
Three dividend releases, growth prospects and investment ratings: Chengdu Bank, which sits in a conglomerate of economic circles and is largely good-looking, benefits from four quarters of pre-released special debt and high growth continuity; and strong retailing.
Strategy, growth space. We maintain a corporate profit forecast for the period 2022-2024.