Performance continued to increase and asset quality continued to improve The capital bank achieved a return net profit of $6.752 billion in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 31.6 per cent in the same year, business income of $1,524.6 million, an increase of 16.1 per cent in the same year and a weighted average net asset return of 13.88 per cent in the same year
The Chengdu bank has maintained a high profit rate and a decline in bad rates in the last three quarters. There is less disclosure in this flash report, specifically, continued high performance and continued improvement in asset quality. The situation still awaits a more in-depth analysis in the quarterly report.
12.6% focus on the process of debt-for-equity conversion. Maintain a rating of the growth of the company, high performance in the three quarters, sustained growth, good performance, recommended core portfolio.
The first three quarters realized a net return to the mother ' s profit of $6.752 billion, an increase of 31.6 per cent over the previous quarter, and a 31.8 per cent increase over the previous quarter, a decrease of 2.32 percentage points over the previous quarter. Operating income increased 16.1 per cent over the previous quarter, and a 14.3 per cent increase over the previous quarter for the third quarter, a decrease of 2.1 percentage points over the previous quarter.
At the end of the third quarter, the total assets of the company had increased by 21.6 per cent over the same period, at a much more moderate medium-term rate. The performance report was less detailed, and the asset and liability details still needed to be observed after the issuance of the quarterly report.
At the end of the third quarter, the corporate non-performing loan rate was 0.81 per cent, a decline of 2bp over the previous quarter. The performance report was less generous, and indicators such as the provision for coverage still needed to be observed after the issuance of the quarterly report.
The downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected; financial regulation that is more than anticipated.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations Bank: City Business ii Figure 1. Chengdu Bank ' s fast-track evaluation of performance in the first three quarters of 2022
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Financial regulation has been exceeding expectations. Since 2021, regulation of hidden government debt and real estate has intensified, while continuing to direct banks to the real economy, but if financial regulation is either expected by the supermarket for concessionary policies, it will affect bank earnings performance.