Nastya (002180): The planned increase was successfully completed, and the whole industry chain worked together to build a world-class printer, Nastya.
The company is a company that develops, designs, produces and produces 6.25% of the total amount of $5 billion from the integrated circuit chip. Production and sales are at the core, printing consumption with lasers and inkjets.
On the basis of this, the printing industry was approved as the future high-tech company's planned addition in August, and the distribution was completed on 19 December. On August 25, 2021, the public sector, the leading printer in the world industry, encrypted soc cores.
The Division’s fund-raising package programme was approved, and a private share-based project designed by means of a request for quotations, is a leading source of funding for the global consumer industry.
Except as otherwise provided in the relevant laws and regulations, the issuer may not transfer the shares for which it is issued for six months from the date on which they are issued.
The collection of funds will be used for mergers and acquisitions, industrialization, research and development, and will support the development of corporate operations at a higher level.
In particular, the funds are expected to be used in the following areas: one component will be used to acquire the electronic shares of the map, and it is expected that the assets of listed companies will be upgraded.
Total equity/currenta shares (millions) and net profit levels to improve the asset quality of listed companies, enhance the continued profitability and resistance of listed companies b/h shares (millions)
Risk capabilities. Part 2 will be used for compost printers and fuelwood production bases, regional headquarters and research and development centres projects, which will contribute to the upgrading of printer production and the sharing of fixed costs, thereby increasing the competitiveness of printing machines and increasing printer sales and holdings. 3 will be used to supplement listed companies.
Increased synergies with the acquisition of “chips, consumables, printers, and services” are being promoted.
After many years of development, the company’s main business has been expanded from the use of consumables, integrated circuits, to the use of whole printers, to the use of raw consumables and printing management services. The company’s printer industry has maintained a steady cash flow, thanks to the expansion of printer demand and the ownership of chips.
Further, the layout of the whole industry chain provides a reliable guarantee for building an integrated operating cost advantage. Annual sales of common-use materials reached 60.89 per cent in 2019, and total sales of “Bank + Alliance” printers in 2020 amounted to 2.7 per cent, the fourth largest in the world, with companies already in a position in the area of printers, Ben.
Sub-sourcing of matching funds to incorporate the map and to increase the industrialization and R & D investment of the company, s148019050004 improved the asset quality and profitability of the company and contributed to increased business synergies and expectations
S1480521080002 Company profitability projections and investment ratings: taking into account the full calibre of the map for the 21-year period, we expect the company to be in a position to build a world-class printer's entire industry chain.
20 times the source of financial growth in the East. The company is expected to become a world-class printer, with increased industrialization and efficiency, with increased synergies between the “chips-consumptions-printers-servers-services” and the company becoming a world-class printer.
And even further, the company's Epike Electronics is expected to help the company out of the new growth curve. Therefore, the company's “recommended” rating is maintained.
In the fields of accounting, information networking, medical information, industrial software, big data, smart network cars, visual industries, material networking applications 5g, financial science and technology, and digital money, industrial research creates value.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the build-up has been successfully completed, and that the whole industry chain works with the world-class printer tap without ensuring that there will be no change in the information and advice contained in it. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.