Events: Gore shares published three-quarterly 2023 on October 26, the company's first three quarters of 2023 \triangleright
Performance meets expectations, and looks forward to subsequent marginal improvements. In 2023, q3 achieved $28.780 billion in revenue, and 1) significant improvements in corporate q3 profits, which we believe to be mainly due to steady growth in the area of smart hardware.
Sony has identified the accelerated penetration of Ps5 hardware as one of its top priorities, and the company expects the product to be sold in 2023, with a volume of s010521120004 of 2,500w. We believe that with the roll-out of Sonyps5, etc.
The business is expected to grow further with the opening of the sale on 10th of the month, which will be accompanied by a gradual increase in sales. 23-year quarterly reviews: short-term performance pressure, multiple layouts, and a steady increase in the company’s crop rate, which is expected to restore the company’s overall profit level.
3. Gore shares (002241.sz) 22q1 quarterly & 22h cost rates have improved overall, raising overall profitability.1 Performance forecast: smart hardware such as vr is growing rapidly,
The company launched a buyback program on October 27, and its subsidiary Gore optical plans to acquire luminous technology using cash-plus-directed equity. The luminous technology has a deeper technological build-up in the areas of micro-optic components, ar-ray wave guidance, advanced optical technology, and song.
22q1 performance forecast: 21 years of performance meets expectations, erecology has better business synergies, and this acquisition is expected to further upgrade the company in the field of precision optics.
Incentives, with a total buy-back of $500-70 million. Reflecting a firm’s confidence in its future long-term development, it effectively combines shareholders’ interests, corporate interests, and the individual interests of the core team to promote the long-term development of the company.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.