Quarterly review of China Connect 2025, 18/04/04.
China Connect (stock code: 600050) Communication large connection to a secure chassis base, network-based smart business extension to pursue high-quality, high-quality ict development. With regard to large connectivity operations, as of 25q1, the size of company users has steadily increased, reaching 349 million mobile users
Households, net increase of 4.78 million households; Internet-based broadband subscribers, 124 million households, net increase of 1.92 million households, combined with a set of meals for Zhao Liang Bian Dauarpu, remain more than $100. Companies actively embrace all things connected, and they connect 663 million net.
With an increase of $38.4 million, a robust growth in the volume of the communications infrastructure has been achieved. In large computing operations, the company ' s capital investment in 2024 has slashed to $14.115 billion throughout the year, raising expenditures to consistently optimize strategic adjustments in the structure, intellectual computing and network carrying capacity.
The optimal configuration, while effectively reducing the cost-side pressure, will further support the development of the business of QC, leading to an increase in the performance of the connecting cloud. 25q1 quarter, the connecting cloud revenue is 19.720 billion.
The scale of corporate computing cloud service operations continues to break. The rapid development of the data centre is driven by its intellectual transformation, with the data centre generating $7.22 billion/+8.8% of its revenue.
In terms of large applications, the company has advanced its 5g scale application, with 30,000 “5g+Industrial Internet” projects and more than 7,500 5g plants. The company has continued to promote the integration of data with intelligence depth, living to meet the needs of artificial intelligence one-stop service, and 25q1-quarter data services have generated revenues of $1.84 billion.
/+11.3 per cent, with smart services earning $2.10 billion/+14.0 per cent. Overall, the company's “three to new” strategy has been very effective, with continuous “network to new, technology to new, services to new” and high-quality developments promising new breakthroughs, with steady growth in performance, the company's investment value is expected to continue to stand out.
The company is constantly implementing the “ai+” action plan, improving the integrated layout of the cloud edges, building the Shanghai port of embarkation, and building a relatively deep 300-percent performance.
The company has always attached great importance to shareholder returns, and has continued to increase the value of the returns to shareholders over the medium to long term. While achieving a robust growth in business performance, it is committed to sharing the benefits with a wide range of investors.
Long-term development results. As a leader in corporate science and technology, companies play a full chain-long role, with data, arithmetic and arithmetic industry-wide configurations, profitability, cash-flow assets are improving, asset value advantages are highlighted, and the sustainability and resilience of rapid corporate development is expected to be higher than expected.
Investment proposals: new changes in network infrastructure, universal access to downstream ai applications are expected to be higher than expected, company infrastructure is robust and high-quality development is advanced, and the "ai+" initiative has made a breakthrough in building a second growth curve, effectively giving 1. [Galactic Communications] company depth_communication industry_China connectivity: one
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.