Communications group Strong growth in performance, arithmetic growth of network numbers, business income achieved at $103.35 billion, an increase of 3.9 per cent over the same period; realization of returns
Net profits from parent companies amounting to $2.61 billion, an increase of 6.5% from the same year. Networked communications have a secure base that accelerates the new generation of mobile communication research and development applications: in 2025, the company focused on two major industries, namely, networked communications and computing.
1. China Connect points: Numerical growth, with an increase in the amount of money invested, has increased steadily. The number of users has steadily increased, with 349 million mobile users, a net increase of 4.78 million; 124 million fixed-net broadband users, a net increase of 192 million.
“In-depth research by China Connect: steady disk lifting of communications operations, aripu users keep 100 yuan or more. Active embrace of all things connected, number of things connected, accelerated development of intelligence”, 2024.11.5
Use, 6g standard setting, technology development, testing and certification to prepare for 6g industry development and future performance growth.
In January-February, the telecommunications industry grew at an annual rate of 0.9 per cent, so we assume that most of the growth in corporate performance in the first quarter came from cloud business and idc business. The size of the company’s arithmetic business was abruptly broken, and connected cloud revenues increased from $16.7 billion in the first quarter of 2024 to $19.72 billion.
This is an 18 per cent increase in the same year; the company promoted the rapid development of Aidc with the intelligent transformation of the data centre, which achieved revenue of $7.22 billion, an 8.8 per cent increase in the same year, considering that the company's subsequent expansion of cloud computing operations would only have to bear the cost of electricity, and the company was expected to make a profit of c.
The value re-engineering logic is expected to be strengthened once more with end-driven B-driven conversions. In addition, the Department seizes the development opportunities of the one, increases its intellectual input, accelerates the advancement of idc to aidc, returns to smart calculations, and exceeds 21 eflops by the first quarter.
Motivated data is combined with intelligence depth and flexible to meet artificial intelligence one-stop demand. The first quarter of data services achieve a revenue of $1.84 billion, an 11.3 per cent increase over the same period. Smart services now earn $2.10 billion, an increase of 14.0 per cent over the same period.
With the rest of the b-business under pressure, the ai-led cloud and idc-led major engines of growth are expected to lead to a robust increase in corporate performance and profitability.
The risk of large-scale unbundling, traditional communications less developed than expected, networked intelligence less developed, policy changes, and higher investment in fixed assets.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market