q3 has continued to be innovative and new capacity is being released - 3-quarterly review in 2025 Deep South circuit (002916.sz)
Events: The company disclosed three-quarterly reports in 2025. The company earned $16,754 million in the first three quarters of 2025, and the mother ' s net profit was $2,182 million, an increase of 58.56 per cent. The company earned $6,301 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 33.25 per cent; the parent ' s net profit was $966 million, an increase of 92.87 per cent; and the net profit was net.
Chandler q3 continued to perform with high innovation and a relatively high level of combined capacity utilization. The demand for an acceleration card, a switch, a light module, a server and related ancillary products continues to rise, and orders for the storage of the packaged base plate products are collected.
Further increases in the number of entries, with companies recovering in the third quarter and having a high net profit innovation. The total production capacity of the pcb operation is at a high level, the containment of the base plate business is increasing demand for the storage market and the application processor chip product, and there is a marked increase in the plant capacity utilization ring.
The Māori rate has improved significantly, with a Māori rate of 31.39 per cent for q3 companies and an increase of 5.99 pct/3.8 pct for the same/ring ratio. The 4th phase of South China is expected to further upgrade the pcb capacity on the q4 link. The new plants include the 4th phase of South China and the 4th phase of Thailand’s factory, which is now being tested for production, and the 4th phase of the 4th quarter of this year.
At the same time, the company has purchased land for the pcb business-related products without tin, which is expected to be phased in in the future. The additional capacity will provide security for future growth in the company’s performance.
Investment proposals: The company's deep-deeping electronic circuit industry has developed a “3-in-person” “technology- and customer-like” commitment to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence, reflecting clearly and accurately its research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
At its peak, the Beijing Post and Telecommunications University, with its Master of Electronics and Communications Engineering, and its Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Jilin University. Two years of work experience in electronics, six years of experience in securities, were employed in the Ministry of Securities and Securities in China. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of the electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.