There is a significant increase in the storage of envelopes, the pcb production capacity continues to release, and there is a significant increase in the storage of envelopes.
Motivated smart terminals, servers/storage, etc... In the third quarter of 2025, the containment base plate was opened, the income ring was increased, thanks mainly to the increased demand for the storage block, the increased capacity of the containment base plate, and the steady uphill movement of the Guangchi factory in Guangzhou, which led to an increase in the size of the containment base camp.
In addition, q3 has been affected by commodity price changes in bulk, copper, etc. The price of raw materials has increased, companies have continued to focus on commodity price changes in large volumes of international markets, and upstream raw material price transmission, maintaining active communication with suppliers and customers.
The construction ring ratio has increased and the high pcb capacity is about to be released. The third quarter of construction is going up to 1,419 million yuan, an increase of 675 million yuan in the ring, and new plants are being built, including Nanton IV and Thai factories, which are now being tested for production, and the fourth is going to be connected in the fourth quarter of this year.
The power pcb production capacity will be further released. Light module demand will increase significantly, and msap will continue to invest in the direction.
Fields, high-speed switches, light modules for 400 g and above, increased demand for ai acceleration cards, servers, etc., and related ancillary products to help optimize the product structure of the pcb operation.
From last year until this year, the company continued to add critical equipment to the msap direction, to make technological changes, and the msap process, in addition to the light module, has applications in the automotive sector.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, fair, and the findings of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.