In the third quarter of 2025, aipcb achieved a steady increase in net revenue.
Aipcb+bt has a high profile, with 25q3 performing well again. The company continued to build high-end pcb production capacity in the first three quarters of 2025, with a significant increase in the value of the engineering ring in progress.
In the first half of 2025, company pcb operations in the areas of communications, data centres, high-speed switches, light modules and above increased significantly, i-accelerated cards, servers, etc., and related ancillary products, with a clear increase in revenue collection ... while i-related areas with an increase in demand for orders helped to optimize the product structure of the pcb operations. 25o3 companies are working on construction.
The ring ratio has grown to 1,419 million yuan. According to the company ' s investor relations activity log, the company ' s new pcb production capacity is mainly from newly built plants and from the original plant ' s technology, which includes the 4th phase of Nanton and the 4th phase of Thai factories, which are expected to be connected by the 4th quarter of this year, and the plants in Thailand are now connected; at the same time, the company is also connected through the existing mature pcb plant.
We believe that the gradual release of high-end capacity is expected to further expand the company’s orders in the area of high-end arithmetic pcb. Material supply is tight, bt base table prices are high, and companies are expected to continue to benefit.
The supply of fabrics continues to be strained, pushing prices up from the third quarter of the bt base plate, with a partial 25% increase in storage. As a result of the upgrading of the high-end base tablet specifications, supply and demand stress may continue into the first half of 2026, with prices still having room for change in the medium to long term. The bt base plate covers applications such as ddr5, master-controlled ic and high-end mobile phones, and has partially implemented price-fixing in the third quarter.
The average increase is about 3-10%, and the storage component is up to 25%. We believe that the price increase is not seasonal, but is the result of a combination of structural factors such as rising material costs, pressures on good productivity and the slow growth of production capacity, and that companies’ bt board operations may be expected to continue to benefit.
Consider the continued optimization of the pcb structure of companies such as the one that drive it, the rising demand for arithmetic, both within and outside the country, and the encapsulation of the base tablet, based on the market price of 30 October 2025.
The price increase for the bt board is not as high as expected.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.