On May 13th, 2024, Wiestrol6 was listed for sale for $21.99-3459 million.
Twenty thousand dollars is a time-limited benefit of $199.99 million – $32.59 million. Smart sedan is on the market. Smart driving, cockpit, and control have clear advantages.
On the power side, silicon silicon bins based on the same sound 500v/ca. 900v carbonated two-plate as silicon silicon silicon 6 are built on self-refle "hurric power machines" with a speed of 2.74 seconds. New cars provide 650 km, 710 km.
Half-stabilized batteries, cltc continues over 1,000 km; smart hardware, smart lyser, iguana digital chassis, intelligent four-wheel-to-round system, ultra-teledistance high-precision laser radar, nvidiadriveorin x chip, high-tone thorium 8295 chip, soc smart-talking system, six major configurations; and driving, new vehicles.
It is possible to achieve hypercrab mode, lead radius back, vector transverse mode, and 90.96 km/h excellent results in elk tests. In the smart cabin, wise enough to take a unique "full-painted number, a cockpit" layout, which combines both a clear-cut drive and road condition, and an innovative combination of "rainfall night mode", "all-night mode", "all-night" and "all-night mode."
The digital field vision is blinding, and the high-grade function of "one keyai driving" is high; in intelligent driving, the smart-ass 1-6 has the ability to go to the high-precision map city, Noa, and the imad to the high-precision map city, Noa, has launched a public survey, which is expected to be produced in the third quarter of the year and will open the country throughout the year.
The upper gas group (600104.sh) has a series of comments: Autonomy, the middle- and high-end pure sedan market is about to break, and Wisdom 1-6 is expected to break again.
2. The upper-mortality group (600104.sh) series reviews two out of two: a dramatic impact in January, with a slight decline in sales performance of Ls6. On 8 April, wise-assl6, pre-sales were opened, and according to the launch session, 29,000 orders had been overtaken by the night of 3 May, showing strong demand.
The net tram penetration rate of 20 to 300,000 yuan is 30.4 per cent, excluding only 15.2 per cent of Tesla's net tram penetration, and the upper gas group (600104.sh) series evaluates four: greater profit margins, greater competitiveness of the total output of the 1-6, which we believe is likely to be supported by strong product strength.
Price advantage takes the market share and breaks the middle- and high-end pure sedan market. The ocean sky continues to be hot and globalized overseas. 92,000 vehicles, \triangleright, were sold abroad by the upper gas group in April 2024.
The same ratio +2.7%, with 2024m1-4 sales amounting to 319,000, compared to -8.1%, and the mg brands continue to show significant performance in Europe. Following this, the upper gas will invest 14 fully new smart electric cars in overseas markets, further building up the overseas product matrix, which is expected to contribute to higher sales.
Investment proposals: firm technology at the bottom, excellent platform, growing autonomy, adjusting the \triangleright period; overseas expansion below expectations.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.