After the closing of the market on January 12th, Huanko announced that he had agreed to transfer 15.3 per cent of his holdings to the Deep Iron Group at the price of 37.2 billion yuan.
22.0 yuan. The deal is subject to approval by the National Investment Commission and other regulatory bodies.
Although we do not assess whether the deal will be completed, if completed, Dark Iron will be the second largest shareholder in Huanko, after Bounty (about 25 per cent: not covered, see figure 1 below), unlike the plan proposed by Huanko in June 2016 for the acquisition of the Shenzhen project, which is 20.65 per cent of the expanded stock stock in Huanko.
The planned shareholding rate is low and does not involve asset acquisition. We believe that the deal was not as clear as June, when the Vanko/Deep Railway plan introduced the “Mike Plus Realty” strategy, which could provide a long-term boost to Vanko's growth (see our report published on June 21, 2016); but will this reduce Huayun's support for Huanko and Deep Iron?
In addition, Vankoa’s current stock price is a 19% discount on the value of net assets at the end of 2017, corresponding to 9.1 times the expected market gain in 2017, and 1.8 times the expected market net rate in 2017, the valuation of which is taking into account the more Chinese overseas.
In addition, the valuation of Vanko shareholders may return to normal in cases where they seem to have quelled off. It is important to note that, with the exception of Huo-Yun’s offer, China's Chang-dae announced today that he had no intention of increasing his shares.
a/h selling/neutral rating and 12-month price of RMB 17.6 and HK$ 19.0 based on net asset value.
Figure 2: The Huayun Group currently has three board seats. The new board members will be elected in June 2017.
Composition of the Board of Directors of Huanko (as at 12 January 2017) Relevant study referred to on the front page: The Shenzhen subway project had a potentially smaller share of the net asset value per unit, but had a significant impact on the net asset return, 21 June 2016
I, Wang Jing, cfa, hereby affirm that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the company or its securities. Moreover, any portion of my salary is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Both returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary depending on the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combination of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income.
The valuation multiples are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as a market surplus, a dividends return, av/fcf, av/ebitda, av/dacf, a net market rate. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum is a highly specialized database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections, and ratios, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm, or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets. gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommended recommendations. gssustain is concerned about what we consider to be a continuous competitive advantage over global counterparts and an excellent capital return.
Our screening of leading companies is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns, industry status and management levels of cash investments (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social and corporate governance problems facing the industry).
China’s real estate sector is Yaculé, Heng Dae, Kim Mau, China’s shares, China Hai Hongyang, China’s overseas territories, China’s overseas territories, Huank (h), Bei Gui Park, Green City, China, Fulbright Estates, Da Ying City, Kangang Taefu, Lung, Lake Estate, Paul’s Industries, Red Star Mi Qilong, Shi Mau’s real estate, Ryan Real Estate, Faro Ocean Estate, Soho China, China’s inclusive land, and In-Hing’s land.
Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services from the following companies over the next three months: Vanko (a) (rmb20.40), Vanko (h) (hk$18.60) Goldman Sachs has had investment bank customer relationships with the following companies over the past 12 months: Vanko (a) (rmb20.40), Vanko (h) (hk$18.60)
Corporate ratings, research industries and related definitions Manage investment lists in the region; however, the distribution of buy-in and sell-out ratings in a particular industry may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Board.
Every study that has entered the list of investments or reiterated that it has been maintained on the list of investments is indicated. The historical fundamentals of the scope of the study and/or the valuation have fallen short of it.
Investment ratings and price targets. Investment ratings and price targets previously set for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. This information does not exist or does not apply (na): this information does not exist or does not apply.