Kang Eining's sales in January were one month higher than expected, maintaining a “holding” rating.
Multiplier: h shares are nine times pe and pb1.6 times, and the current valuation is still high relative to other leading businesses in the industry, maintaining the investment proposal for the “holding” of the ah stock. January sales by the company: 3.52 million square metres of sales and sales in January
The lower-season sales were good and better than the industry average: the company ' s size and volume in January increased significantly, mainly because (1) of the firm ' s high rollovers at the end of last December, with a large number of non-contracted items being overtaken by the month (about $40 billion in subscriptions last December, with a contract agreement).
Twenty-three billion yuan). (2) In January, while the real estate sector entered a low sales season, the firm’s push was still stronger, rising by nearly 20% over the same period, and its subscription and de-diversion rates were higher than in December last year.
The second-line hotspot urban policy is becoming tighter, with a small decline in average sales prices: the company sold in January, the impact of the tightening of the market policy, the slowdown in the area and amount of its transactions, and the company's marketing structure.
The market share of high housing prices, such as long triangles and bead triangles, has continued to decline, bringing down public property development and operations, real estate management and others.
Second-line cities may have expanded, leading to an overall increase in second- and third-line city sales, with corporate investors accounting for the share of the liquidity a. Sales in low-priced areas will continue to increase and overall average sales prices will continue to decline.
In January this year, the company continued its positive land acquisition rhythm of the last year, with 19 new projects, with 3.16 million square metres of building space, and 3.16 million square metres of building space.
12 of them are publicly available and 7 are cooperatively developed, with an average interest of 71 per cent. The project area is still mainly concentrated in the second-line core city, and it is expected that the company will continue to increase its profitability forecast and investment proposal in the future.
The spot markets are somewhat cool and sales in the hotspots of the future may be affected, but for now monetary policy has remained stable and relatively relaxed, new credit flows are large and the market is well-funded, so we are not pessimistic about the future city, and we expect that sales will not be worse than last year.
And ten times, pb2.1 times; h shares are nine times pe and eight times pb1.6 times. Because of the amount of money, the company's share price is higher than that of other companies in the industry, we maintain the "holding" of the chanareesearchdept.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.