During the evening of the 12th night announcement of the Vankoa (00002), the company received notification from Hua Yun Co. Ltd. and Shenzhen City Metro Group Ltd.
On 12 January 17 17, the Department ' s shareholders, China-Yuan and its wholly-owned subsidiary, China-Yuan-China Trading Co. Ltd., signed an Agreement on the Transfer of Shares in Huanco Enterprises, Inc., to which China-Yuan and China-Lin trading are to transfer the combined holdings of their shares of 1,689,599,817 sharesa by way of an agreed transfer.
The announcement indicates that the transfer price is $37,171 million, corresponding to a transaction price of $22 per share. Once the transfer is completed, China and China will no longer hold shares in the company, while Deep Iron holds 15.31 per cent. Vankoa will be reinstated when the market opens on 13 March. In March 16, Huanko announced his intention to introduce Deep underground as the company’s first shareholder, but at that time he was opposed by Huan.
At the end of December 16, Huanko announced an end to the acquisition of deep subway assets. The current transfer of shares has come to an end, China has withdrawn from the subway group, the issue of equity has become clearer, and intra-firm disputes will slow down, helping the management team to refocus on the operation and development of the company’s business and to eliminate the negative effects of the stock-equity dispute.
In the context of the Shenzhen State Enterprise, the Deep Iron Cluster may not simply enter as a financial investor in the broader context of the promotion of mixed ownership and securitization of local state-owned assets. In the future, cooperation with Huanko will be further strengthened, and expectations for joint development will be strong. In particular, projects along the Shenzhen subway planning lines, the subway cover industry, etc., are conducted with the benefit of the excellent and rich development management experience of Huanko.
In 16 years, Huanko accumulated 27,650,000 square metres of sales, representing an increase of 36,4.8 billion square metres, compared to 34% and 34%, respectively, depending on the firm’s return to business development after a dispute over equity, while the new shareholders bring with them expectations of high-quality project resources. The company will continue to do so fast.
This rating system is based on 300 indexes. In risk preferences, products that do not involve a particular type of recommendation or rating are based on the product.
The underlying risk rating is given in the market for the study, i.e. in the case of certificates of title and derivatives markets, where the underlying risk rating is high: in the case of equities, equity-based fund market-side studies, where the underlying risk rating is general risk; and in the case of market-related studies such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, where the underlying risk rating is low risk.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.