The flowers will come back in the fall?
On 12 January 2017, China Yuen, a shareholder in the company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, China Yue Inland Trading Co. Ltd., signed an agreement with the subway group on the transfer of shares of companies with limited shares in the Vanko Enterprise, a party to which China Yue shares and China Yue trading were to be transferred by agreement.
The sum of the shares held by the company, 1,689,599,817 shares, was transferred to Shenzhen for $37.17 billion. When the transfer is completed, the Chinese and Chinese shares will no longer be held in public.
A higher degree of compromise could be described as a phased victory for management, especially after the deep-iron test failed to inject assets, and the deep-iron continued to enter in a strong position to demonstrate its holding company, which, to date, holds 25.4 per cent of the 10,000 shares, and has held 14.07 per cent of the total.
After this dramatic change in the stock structure of Vanko's first and third largest shareholders, the power of the treasure and the strength of the stock, it will be crucial to position itself as a shareholder, whether it is a financial investment or a strategic one, how it is invested, how it is profitable, how it is made and how it is stopped, and it will continue to haunt the company's management and other shares.
1. Xu Xuhui Holdings Group (00884.hk): Although the current regulatory level has a strong attitude towards part of the venture capital, it is still at the level of guidance and does not have an effective influence on the power dispute.
The game still needs a higher level of guidance to set the course. 3, Vankoa (000002): The winds of the world stop for good. 2. Interest in sound corporate governance has a less negative impact.
4. " Vankoa (00002) 2015 mid-point evaluation: Industry " , at the mid-2016 performance launch, it was made clear that stock races had a significant negative impact on the company ' s operations, including the speed of operations such as land acquisition, project mergers and acquisitions, cooperation, etc.
The East’s source of wealth and wisdom – Vankoa (00002) – is there a great deal to be done in the fall?
Growth is stable, business risks are manageable, and corporate development as a whole remains relevant. We believe that, during the period of the stock-equity dispute, efficient corporate governance played a decisive role in minimizing the impact of the equity level.
3. The probability that the orbital + property model will become more likely if future equity disputes can be resolved and Dark Iron can be the company ' s ultimate major shareholder, although it has indicated that it will support the Vanko management team in carrying out operations and management in accordance with the established strategic objectives, but will still be able to realize the strategic intention of the Shenzhen National Finance Commission for resource integration at the group level in the course of future development.
In particular, with the lack of resistance or even the disappearance of the “orbital + property” model, companies are expected to benefit significantly from the rapid development of orbital traffic and the high premium capacity of the orbital cover industry. But it is also important to note whether some investors’ concerns in the future, or the value of the trade in the transfer to deep iron injections, are reasonable, and the previous failure is expected to be.
Shenzhen was the first city to explore the “tod” model of development and is expected to continue to pursue this concept of governance and continue to actively explore the “ppp+tod”
The model, which combines deep iron with high-quality development capabilities, is expected to create a high degree of convergence at the strategic level, thus creating a significant competitive advantage, and is expected to be replicated throughout the country, either in the future or in the city of Shenzhen I. The Deep Iron Group has indicated that the Shenzhen Track IV plan to build 18 lines, the first of which include seven new subway lines that can be developed to cover the property industry.
Even with other qualified developers bidding in the process, the company still has a great advantage in obtaining a larger number of top-up items. We believe that this transfer of equity will result in significant changes in investors’ evaluation systems for corporate valuations, and that the company’s once low “fast turnover” valuation is expected.
At the same time, the deep-iron state business background will provide enormous imagination for capital markets, and the company is expected to be one of the beneficiaries of the Shenzhen “reform of state enterprise” project. The company’s annual report for 2016 undoubtedly reaffirmed the company’s industry leadership, while also diversifying from urban layout, overseas investment, and business.
We appreciate the innovation and transformation of companies based on real-estate business, through the extension and value-seeking of industrial chains, where companies have already achieved a great deal in areas such as commercial real estate, old-age property and property management, and we believe that, after resolving the stock disputes, companies may further enrich the diversity of their business, thereby transforming “fast-move” housing enterprises.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, Vankoa (00002).
Cheng Yang Yang, who is in the seventh place after the China Securities Industry Burly Award of 2012, is in the top 10 prizes (seventh place) as well as the Chinese Securities Industry Annual "Seller Institution's third position in the real estate industry" of 2012.
China’s Academy of Social Sciences, Dr. Leung Xiaocui. Joined the East Hing Stock Exchange in 2015 to conduct research in the real estate sector, focusing on the transformation of the real estate industry and on the researchers’ own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.