In 2017, the company achieved business income of $24.480 billion, an increase of 23.0 per cent in comparison with the previous year; and in 2016, the company achieved a rapid increase in real estate development sales of 27.654 million square metres with a sales value of $364.77 billion.
Twenty-seven thousand square metres of sold resources have not been settled, totalling approximately RMB 27,823 million, an increase of 29.4 per cent over the end of 2015, and operations are moving forward steadily. In 2016, companies continued to move forward in the areas of commercial property, logistics property, long-lease apartments and skiing operations.
In the area of commercial property: companies are involved in the acquisition of shares in the Indian Group. The Indian Group has mature business development management and business management capabilities, and this strategic investment, Expecting effective innovation, 2015.4 Keeping up with the times, constantly innovating, 2014.10.
During the reporting period, large-scale commercial projects such as Shanghai 70 million squares, Ningbo 1902 squares, Guiyanghu squares, and Beijing-based 10,000 squares were opened, with growth and security in 2014.8 squares.
A steady upturn in performance, exploring the development logic of diversity. 2014.3 Logistics property: a steady expansion based on a strategy of “focusing on big clients, focus on cities, focus on high-value warehouse products”. By the end of 2016, companies had significantly increased their project reserves and had a better financial position. 2013.4
The company's active rental of apartments market has now consolidated into a single foreign-run brand - the “Door House”. The company's first large old-age community, Hang County, has been hosting more than 600 seniors since it became operational in 2015 and has been hosting the 2016 g20 summit.
In late 2016, the company had run three ski projects, namely, Lake Gilling Vankosone, the Great Bottle in Hoshiyama and the Peking Dragon in Beijing, which initially created a Vanko Snow brand. At the end of 2016, the Vankosone Lake Resort was officially upgraded to a national 4a tourist area.
In 2016, the net return on the company ' s total share of assets rose to 18.5 per cent, an increase of 0.44 percentage points from 2015, and the company ' s real estate.
Risk factors: tight monetary policy: real estate regulation is more stringent than expected. Choi Cui: Graduated from Tianjin University of Finance and Finance and from Manitoba University of Canada, where he studied finance and real estate in the national securities and Sinda securities sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.