Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average.
The Company Limited advised that China-Yun shares and its wholly-owned subsidiaries had signed a transfer agreement with Shenzhen subway to transfer 1.69 billion shares of all its holdings, or approximately 15.31 per cent of the company's total stock, to Shenzhen subway, at a price of $37.17 billion, corresponding to $22 per share price.
Hua Yun's withdrawal led the company to compete for equity in the direction expected of its management: since 2015, the company has been hit by a capital snippet to introduce the Shenzhen subway through asset restructuring, and on several occasions, the Hua Yuen family has shown a different interest from the company's management. The Hua Yuen has transferred all the 10,000 shares to Shenzhen subway.
Right, which indicates that the firm’s shareholdings have become fairly clear and are moving in the direction expected by management, with the transfer holding 25.4 per cent of the stock, 15.31 per cent of the Shenzhen subway stock, and constant large holdings.
The restructuring of the Shenzhen subway assets, which ended earlier, is expected to be restarted, and the company is expected to obtain continuous quality resources through the Shenzhen subway in the context of strong industry regulation 2.
Through the track + property industry, a city-wide portfolio of companies that were negatively affected in 2016 by stock-holding competition, the volatility of some managers, the termination of cooperation among partners, and the downward revision of ratings prospects, has now achieved better sales of more than $364.8 billion, and won more than $12 billion in equity throughout the year.
The development of orbital traffic is at the heart of the urbanization process, and the value of the traffic nodes and liquid real estate along the line will continue to benefit. With Shenzhen subway entry, the company is expected to take advantage of shareholder resources to cover or cover property at orbital nodes or along the metro, and to make traffic easier.
The market’s impact has slowed as strategic and financial investments have been subordinated: corporate equity rivalries have caused large stock fluctuations and have often led capital markets to pursue venture capital concepts, and this premium has transferred equity.
The company’s sales grew by 40% last year, its land expansion was positive in the fourth quarter, and its share price was 11 times greater than that of the year, and we maintained the company’s rating.
Huhua scores, and then averages the final rating, which is the average market investment. Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the fundamentals of the enterprise, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.