Events: The 16-year report issued by Huankoa (000002) shows that the expected 16-year growth in business income is 24.480 billion yuan.
The above-mentioned resources will be settled over the next few years, laying a solid foundation for the future performance of the group.16 National layout and overseas expansion coexist. 144 square metres of housing sold by the company in 2015 accounted for 93% of the number of low- and medium-sized general-goods housing units below.
By the end of 2015, 66 cities had entered mainland China. For its part, overseas companies had entered five overseas cities: San Francisco, Hong Kong, Singapore, New York, London. In the company’s sales performance in 2015, overseas projects contributed 28,000 square metres of sales space.
The group has 600 major development projects in mainland China. Of these, the building area of the construction project is approximately 3,622,000 square metres and the total building area is 54,424,000 square metres.
Me; approximately 3.6559 million square metres of planned project space and 5,296.9 million square metres of total building space. In addition, the Group is involved in 11 urban renewal projects, with approximately 3.65 million square metres of planned construction in terms of company interest and total construction in accordance with current planning conditions.
The 16-year equity event has a clear impact on the company’s day-to-day operations and team stability, and the grouping partnership system plays a central role.
The group launched its project in 14 years, directly linking the results of its operations to the interests of its employees. 16 years later, the group optimized its programme by further strengthening its co-creation, burden-sharing and shared awareness. By the end of February 17, the group had cumulatively 308 projects implemented and invested.
The average time from acquisition to the start of the project, the start of the first period, and the return of cash flows has been significantly reduced, and the Group’s marketing costs have been effectively controlled.
Long-term satisfaction, with a further increase in market occupancy rates, has increased as the strong have become stronger. At the same time, accounting growth has met expectations, and the overall settlement of Maori has recovered over the year.
Good enforcement capacity, corporate culture, and a bold and positive willingness to upgrade will sustain good profit growth and give back to investors. The rating system's “market index” refers to a depth of 300 indexes.
The underlying risk rating is given in the markets studied, i.e. in the case of certificates of title and derivatives markets, where the underlying risk rating is a high risk; in the case of equity, equity-based fund markets, where the underlying risk rating is a general risk; and in the case of markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, where the underlying risk rating is a low risk.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.