On June 20, 2017, Gokko won the Nanjing Golden Dragon order.
The company recently signed a 2017 power cell purchase contract with Nanjing. The contract was for 10,000 power batteries, mainly lithium phosphate batteries, to be used in a purely electric bus.
The average price is expected to be around $1.6/wh. Nanking Golden Dragon has been a core client of the company ' s phosphate iron lithium-powered battery, and the supply contract will have to be implemented in 2017, which will have a greater impact on the company ' s performance this year. Due to the apparent fall in subsidies this year, the first half of the year.
Bus companies have undertaken energy density adjustments, recertification, supplier price negotiations, etc. As a result of this delay, 5383 new energy buses were produced in January-May, a significant decline, but with the completion of tenders by public transport companies in June-July, the volume of bus market sales will return.
Because of the demand for the overdrafting of new energy buses and the 30,000-km limit in the last two years, we're judging that the sales of new energy buses will decline slightly this year, but the decline is not expected to be significant because the demand for public transport markets is stable and dominant.
Three-dollar power cells quickly entered the car market and became a first-line supplier. The company ' s three-dollar power cells were capable of producing 2gwh by the end of 2016.
It should be larger, and the company's third-dollar sales are expected to be higher in the second half of the year, when the company's number-along vehicle is listed. The company has now signed up to 1.875 billion orders for North Gas, which is expected to be 0.8 gwh power cells for North Gas this year.
Chir and others, the company's tri-dollar battery is expected to deliver 1.8gwhh this year. The company's tri-dollar power cell is dominated by squares, the product is switched directly from ncm111 to 622, and the individual energy density is raised to 195wh/kg, and the energy density is expected to be expected next year.
There are plenty of orders in hand, and production capacity has been climbing up the slopes. The company has signed large orders with China, China, South, North and South.
This year, the company's movement is expected to be phased in, with a clear trend towards a return to warmer performance.
Power cell delivery will reach 5 gwh, of which phosphate lithium 3.2 gwh, Trinity 1.8 gwh. True 2017-04-27. Currently, corporate power cell production is phosphate lithium 3.6 gwh, Trinity 2 gwh, year.
3. " Short-term performance pressure, steady growth throughout the year " .
Controlling the supply of battery materials, strengthening cost controls and maintaining a high level of profitability. 80 million flat-wet diaphragm production capacity created by the Department in a joint venture with star-source materials will be in place at the beginning of next month.
The whole line is open, and if it's finished, it will be equipped with a 4gwh battery. On the positive material side, the company's lithium phosphate has been completely self-supplied, and the tri-material production line will be fully operational in September.
There are plans for external cooperation or self-help production lines. In addition, companies reduce battery costs by increasing battery energy density, using high-volume battery materials on the one hand, and increasing battery capacity on the other.
So even though the current battery price has fallen to $1.6-1.7/wh, the company has maintained its Māori rate of 38%.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board