On May 31st, 2017,
The company's three-dollar battery received a big order from North Gas, which is expected to deliver 2gwhh a year. The new energy source is proposed to purchase 50,000 units of power batteries for 2017 for the same amount of $1,875 million.
The contractor, ec180 battery loads 20.3 kwh, and we measure the supply of electricity, and at the end of the year, the tri-dollar lithium battery at the end of the year was capable of producing 2gwh, mainly with the North Gas, and purchased more than 1gwh from the company during the year, while the remaining three cars were expected to consume the public.
At the end of 2016, the company produced 5.6 gwh battery capacity (3.6 gwh lithium phosphate + 2 gwh), which is the first of its kind to be used for the production of a battery.
This year, 1 gwh of lithium phosphate production will be built in Qingjiang, and it is expected to start production by the end of the year, with Jiang Xiaohua; Qingjio 2 4 gwh 3 production capacity has already started, mainly with new energy sources from the North; and projects are planned for Fertilizer, Nanjing 2 and so on.
The company plans to raise production capacity to 10 gwh by the end of the year. The company's adjustment has been rapid, and the battery energy density has steadily increased. The company's tri-dollar battery has been gradually converted from 111 to 622 and its battery capacity has been upgraded from 38ah to 43ah, single.
The energy density has been raised from 165wh/kg to 190wh/kg.
The increase in the capacity of the pool would meet the 1.2-fold subsidy requirement, with Jiang Xiao's single-body energy density reaching 160wh/kg. The company effectively reduced battery costs by increasing battery capacity and achieving self-supply of critical materials.
Battery R & D, which is now announced by the Ministry of Science and Technology as a phased development of the project `High Energetic Total Equity (millions of shares) 877.60 Battery Volumes', led by the Ministry of Science and Technology, through the combination of silicon carbon negative poles.
The bus market is expected to be released in the second half of the year. The bus market has been under way in the first half of the year, as a result of the subsidy policy, and we've judged that the bus market, which is dominated by public transport, will be sold in June-July.
Heating is due to the more stable demand for new energy buses in the area of public transport and to the fact that the company, the operating company and the battery company will work together with third-party financial institutions to respond to this problem.
Short-term Performance Pressure, A Steady Growth Year-round, Financial Pressure from the 30,000-km subsidy threshold. Corporations are China, Ankai, Nanjing, 2017-03-19.
The main supplier of buses such as the Golden Dragon has entered the Utun supply chain, and this year we're going to have 3. Power Batteries sign a big list of lithium phosphate. 5.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board