In 2016, the company achieved its operating income of $4.758 billion.
Upstream positive/negative/diaphragm industrial chains, currently with 8,000 tons of phosphate lithium, tons of silicon-based negative-polar material production and 210,000 new energy vehicle recharge facilities, 200,000 electric motor powered total control systems, plus 80 million m2 wet process in collaboration with star-source materials
The fall in the price of lithium is affecting the Māori rate, which results in poor performance in the first quarter. 217q1 achieved operating income of RMB 1,107 million, a 5.68% decline in the same year; and a net return to the mother of RMB 202 million.
As a result of the impact of the revenue-producing car industry’s policies, companies’ short-term orders have fallen, and their revenues have fallen; secondly, as a result of the fall in vehicle subsidies for new energy sources, lower prices for corporate products have led to a gradual decline in the Māori rate. With new energy vehicle sales steadily rebounding each month, it is expected that the volume of company-powered lithium electricity outlet will pick up gradually.
Pang Yonglae, new energy by car for the first quarter of the year, 49,477 vehicles were sold, of which 9785 were mixed with 39,692 pure electric power, 5423 in January, 16,521 in February and 27568 in March.
The company has a deep partnership with new energy sources such as the North Gas and the Jiang Xiao Motors, and the company ' s phosphate lithium battery technology has gained a high level of awareness among new energy companies in the market, and we judge that, with the steady recovery of sales in the industry, the company is powered by lithium.
Electricity output is expected to pick up gradually. 19th floor of Deepfield International Building, Great Wall State Swe Securities Co. Ltd.
On March 18, 2017, the Department announced that it would change the original model of additional financing to equity financing, with no more than 3 shares per 10 shares, to $3.6 billion. According to the company’s current expansion plan, the company’s powered lithium capacity will be reached by the end of 2017.
On April 26, 2017, the company announced the creation of a new energy vehicle industry in the Ningbomé State Policing and Tax Port Area, in collaboration with the Beijing Hong Kong Capital Management Company Ltd.
Investment Center (limited partnership), dedicated to investment in the Beijing New Energy Motors Company, B Wheel Replenishment. We believe that North Gas New Energy is one of the leading companies in the country’s new energy automobile industry.
New-energy car whole-sector chains, which further boost the company’s lithium output. Based on the premise that the company’s capacity continued to expand in 2017, but its Māori rate declined, we anticipate that the company’s current valuation still has a sufficiently safe margin, and that we have given the company the first investment to “enhanced” it.
Corporate-powered sales of lithium have fallen short of expectations; the expansion of the company's productive capacity has not progressed as expected; there have been major changes in the country's new energy-source car industry policy; and significant partnerships between companies and key new energy companies have taken place.
The following is defined as the industry ' s increase or decline in relation to the market benchmark index over the six-month period following the reporting period: