National High School (002074.sz): The “first-tier” policy dividend benefits from a new car-by-car chapter that we have recently engaged in an exchange of investors in the country's high-rises to communicate on the future development of the company, its operations, etc.
Officially at the end of the year, the energy density of power cells is required to be subsidized by car at 1.1 times higher than 120 Wh/kg; commercial vehicles at 1.2 times higher than 115wh/kg
According to our previous calculations, domestic power batteries have entered the stage of excess production, and the introduction of a new subsidy policy will phase out poor production and effectively eliminate excess production, with the direct benefit of first-tier power cell manufacturers. According to Sadie's consultants, the delivery of high power batteries in the country in 2016 and the first quarter of 2017 will benefit directly.
Corporate stock prices have been high for almost a year: top-down, core-controlled, cost-controlled. Companies have been very active upstream, with key material cores.
On the positive materials, the positive materials for phosphate are already self-produced, and the material for the positive poles will be self-produced during the year; on the negative materials, the silicon carbon negatives project will start construction in 2018, with a view to production in 2019; and on the diaphragm, a joint venture with the star-source material will be established in November 2015 to be effective.
The company, based on its excellent upstream layout and cost-control capabilities, achieved 46.93 per cent overall in 2016, with higher levels in the same industry. The commercial car market continued to be released. In 2016, the company concentrated the bulk of its output of about 2gwh in the commercial car market.
Millions of dollars, or 27.93 per cent of operating income in 2016. In addition, the company will start supplying the first word in the production of the new energy client, Zhang Red Guard, in 2017, and the commercial car market will continue.
In the context of the potential for a small contraction in the production of electric commercial vehicles, which will be based on 115,000 vehicles in 2016, the opening of large-scale customers and the signing of large bills have laid the foundation for that segment’s performance. Annual supply contracts, which rose rapidly from less than $60 million in 2016 to $1,875 million in transactions, have been increased rapidly from less than $60 million in 2016.
The sum of Zhang Lian Quan, which involved 50,000 power batteries, accounted for 39.41% of the operating income in 2016. According to Sadie's consultant, in 2016, the production of 46.4 million vehicles for the new energy cycle in North gas was ranked third, while, according to the FMC, 2017.
In the first quarter of the year, the number of new vehicles sold in the North was first, accounting for 26% of the total volume sold in the first quarter. This time, the company signed a large list of new energy sources in the North.
In May 2017, the company announced that it was working with the Shanghai Electric Group Unit on the 7th floor of the International Center.
The company co-invested in the establishment of a share-in-stock subsidiary, which operates mainly in storage batteries and materials based on lithium titanium titanium as a negative polar material. Shanghai Electric is the world’s largest manufacturer of offshore wind cleaning machines, and collaboration between the company and Shanghai Electric will effectively promote the layout and digestion of company-owned batteries and occupy highlands in the field of storage energy.
\triangleright doubles. Based on the firm's robust growth in the commercial car market and its aggressive opening, we think that the public \triangleright
(1) Why is the company ' s Māori rate high? Answer: The main two categories are: (1) cost control. The company ' s core production raw materials are autonomous or joint production, phosphate lithium is produced on its own, self-production is achieved in three positive pole years, diaphragm is used in joint ventures with star-source materials, silicon carbon is negative.
Next year's work starts and comes into production in the following year; materials other than core raw materials are reduced by controlling the processing process. (2) Technology upgrades. The higher the energy density, the lower the cost. (2) Views on lithium resources and lithium mine prices?
There is little likelihood of a substantial upward price for lithium mines. The demand for lithium batteries across the industry is not much higher than in the previous year, should not exceed 40 gwh, and demand for upstream raw materials will not increase much. In the long run, as long as there is no shortage of metals, there will be no long-term premium.
(3) The trend in the price of the core this year to next year? Answer: Due to the scarcity of three-dollar batteries (especially 622), the price of three-dollar batteries will not change significantly by next year; the price of lithium phosphate may drop by 5-10%.
(4) Why three-dollar batteries are scarce? Answer: The technical threshold is the main problem. The three-dollar overall capacity is not scarce, but now most of the three-dollar capacity is in the traditional consumer electronics sector, making square large cores, low pack costs and high energy density after pack.
The ring does not produce much. Answer: The current production capacity is 5.5 gwh, with phosphate lithium 3.5 gwh, and triple battery 2 gwh. It is expected to reach 8-8.5 gwh by the end of this year, and next year's two lines will be around 12 gwh.
(6) A company's judgement on its future Māori rate? Answer: This year, the company appears to be more confident from the Māori rate data for the first quarter, as prices have been adjusted for the first quarter and the Māori rate for the company will remain above the industry average as costs decline and economies of scale are highlighted.
(7) Is the battery upgraded seamlessly for the entire garage? Answer: Every time the battery is upgraded, the entire factory is required to recapitulate the catalogue. (8) The capacity and energy density of the triple material?
Q: The company ' s Trinity Battery came into production in November 2016, with a total of 2 lines (Qingdao, Fertilized) and the Qingdao Line currently doing 111, Fertilized, was switched to 622 in April of this year. In terms of energy density, 111 cores, 170wh/kg, 622 cores, 195-200wh/kg, are expected to increase the energy density of 622 from 200wh/kg to around 230wh/kg in 2018.
With 200wh/kg in its current state, the battery package energy density after pack is 130-135wh/kg, and if the power core energy density is raised to 230wh/kg next year, the battery package energy density will be 145-150wh/kg. (9) The downstream customer status of the vehicle?
Answer: There are five main customers on board, iev4s, iev6e, iev7, Jili (Tehouev), Qantai, Chirí. Jiang Xiao and the North are already in production, and three will start supplying them in the second half of the month.