On April 26, 2017, the company earned 0.23 yuan per share.
It's 20 times longer, and it's an increase in government subsidies. And the company's forecast for January-June 2017 is that the bus factory is in a battery-density-adjusted period, with very low output, and the public department's output is affected.
A 4.7% drop, mostly by car, with a industry-wide power cell output of 6.42gwh, low price, with a price of phosphate-lithium-powered batteries now more than 20% lower than the price ring. And we're judging that with the second quarter of the year, new energy vehicles will be used as the industry adjusts.
Given the price decline and the small scale of power cell production in the quarter, the company’s profitability has declined significantly, but it is still ahead of the industry average. The company’s Māori ratio was in 2017.
The average price of the pool module was $2.3/wh and the average Māori rate of 48.71 per cent, while the average price of the power batteries was approximately $1.8/wh per quarter, a decline of 27.8 per cent, the company ' s efforts to improve production efficiency and increase battery capacity reduced the cost and the Māori rate decreased.
This increase has a greater impact on the net cash flow of the company ' s operations.
820 million, an increase of 30 per cent from the beginning of the year. Corporate advance payments of $68 million, an increase of 75.7 per cent from the beginning of the year, indicate an increase in corporate orders. Accounts receivable of $3.34 billion, an increase of 38.6 per cent from the beginning of the year, an increase of 930 million.
4. Proposed 3.6 billion plus Lithium Major Industry, Net Cash Flows from Large Stock Camp Activities - 590 million; Increased Capital Expenditure due to Expansion of Productive Capacity, with a strong confidence in the East High Rate of Purchase
On the one hand, the sales of new energy vehicles will continue to improve significantly, and on the other hand, the company ' s high-energy performance will continue to improve.
The company’s performance will gradually improve with steady supply. As bus companies complete their adjustment (in the third batch of roll-out catalogues at the beginning of the month, the number of customers and special-purpose vehicles reached 596, as expected in the supermarket), it is expected that they will be able to do so in the second quarter of the year.
Production is expected to improve significantly, and the company is now well-ordered, with new customers like Woo-tung and North Vol Fukuda starting this year, and the company's lithium phosphate pool is expected to grow steadily throughout the year.
Six months into production of 2 gwh capacity, currently stable, and in March it was opened with an annual target of 7 to 8 million, while the company had two battery suppliers, Chiré, Congtai, etc., which led to the release of three-dollar batteries throughout the year.
The volume is expected to reach 1.5 gwh. In addition to the power cell market, the company’s market layout is also to be expected in the future, as the cost of lithium batteries continues to fall, the storage market space will open, and the company will be the lead layoutr.
For power cell taps, and the subsequent three-dollar capacity to climb up the slopes, the output of cars is below expectations, the output of company power batteries is below expectations, and the price of battery products is falling far beyond expectations.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board