State High School (002074) incident: The company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, Xingau Power Energy Co. Ltd., signed the 2017 Purchase Agreement with Beijing New Energy Motors Co. Ltd., to purchase new energy sources from the same country.
Pure electric vehicle battery system, with a total contract value of $1875 million, which is the annual supply contract of 2017 between the compost and the new energy source North.
The contract involves 50,000 power batteries, for a total amount of $1,875 million, representing 46.87 per cent of the company ' s vehicle power cell performance in 2017. The company built a power cell production base based on the new energy base Lacey.
In cooperation, the company signed a contract to increase the supply of new energy to North Gas from a small order in 2016 to a million dollar bill. According to the FMC data, the new energy source to North Gas was ranked first in the first quarter of 2017, with a target of 170,000 vehicles for the year, and its main microcar ec 180 is currently in place.
This time, the purchase order with the North Gas New Energy was released as a major breakthrough in the market for commercial vehicles while the public administration was consolidating the market for new energy vehicles. □ Technology breaks out of capacity for high-exploitable batteries.
Recently, the project “Research and development and integration of high-energy lithium ion batteries”, which was carried out by companies with the support of the national priority research and development programme for new energy vehicles, made progress in the development of battery monomer samples with a energy density of 281wh/kg and 302wh/kg.
This provides a critical basis for the development of our high-energy, high-security lithium ion batteries, and is expected to significantly increase the mileage of new energy vehicles. At the same time as the technological breakthrough, the Qingdao base, 4gwh, started construction of the Trinity Battery Project, which is expected to be launched in 2018, and will guarantee 200,000 vehicles, including North Motors, for the future.
The company’s director, deputy director and secretary-general, and deputy director-general, Ma Gui Fu, have each increased their demand for power batteries.
The company shares are not less than $5 million, highlighting the firm’s management’s confidence in the company’s future prospects for development and the fall in the company’s performance in the first quarter due to the market’s lowness, and the two-quarter market fundamentals are likely to bounce back, together with the volume of the company’s vehicle orders, which are expected to reach the $10 billion expected year-round revenue target.
Xu Chengqing/Sing, we give the “buy-in” rating. No rating -- no rating because the necessary information is not available, or because the company faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons, no
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.