Collen Pharmaceuticals, 3-quarterly performance review, 2025, October 31, 2025.
Big infusion & antibiotic intermediates are under pressure, and innovation has slightly increased R & D costs. The first three quarters of the company have experienced a much lower income, and we assume that the lower downside needs of the big infusion and antibiotic intermediates have led to overall price pressure, with the same ratio of earnings for the first three quarters of the subsidiary, the Trentin creature, falling back to -22.9%.
Costs are somewhat rigid, with higher rates of increase due to a decline in income. In absolute terms, only R & D costs increased by 3.06% in the first three quarters of the year, while others were on a downward trend.
Quan Shatoll alone has been approved to open market space against multiple data brightsmo and 2l lung cancer. The Department's core product, skb264, selected two oral reports on esmo, with clinical data for egfrm nsclc2l+, showing that the experimental group vs control group was 60.6%vs, respectively.
43.1%, mpfs 4.3m (hr=0.49), os not having reached vs. 17.4m (hr=0.6 p=0.0006), while some patients are treated with adc after grouping out, hr=0.56 after removing the impact of adc.
In addition, 2l+ clinical data for hr+/her2-bc show that the experiment group vs control group is 41.5 vs24.1%, dcr
86.0 per cent vs 68.3 per cent, mpfs 8.3mvs4.1m (hr = 0.35), 6mpfs 61.4 per cent vs 25.7 per cent, os none, mpfs show a significant statistical advantage and are not limited to her2 level of expression, and currently 2l+ adaptive to hr+/her2-bc
Priority has been given to approval, which is expected to be approved in 2026. Investment proposal: Infusion and feedstock intermediates are about to come to an end, the Colombote pipeline continues to advance, the marketing of innovative products accelerates, and the company is expected to return its net profit in 2025-2027.
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Sun Yi, Nanjing University Pharmaceutical Engineering/University of New South Wales, Double Master of Business Analysis, 2021, employed in the People’s Securities Institute, 2023, and joined the Galaxy Securities Institute, mainly to provide this report to its clients. Galaxy securities are not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.