Nbv growth is at a reverse rate, and net profits outperform their counterparts
• Three-quarter performance announcement by China's Pacific: 1) business income in the first three quarters was 2.5.9 billion yuan, i.e. 1.0 per cent; q3 operating income in the first three quarters was 80.4 billion yuan, i.e. 9.3 per cent, i.e. 23.1 billion yuan net profit in the first three quarters, i.e., tingsun
24.4 per cent; q3 net profit to the mother of $4.82 billion, corresponding to 54.3 per cent.3 per cent); Nbv of $10.3 billion, Wangjieou life insurance in the first three quarters: a new single-season increase in the risk was higher than in the first half of the year, and the growth in the silver insurance period slowed. 1) life insurance coverage achieved insurance clothing.
Income from services was $63.9 billion, or 5.2 per cent of the previous three quarters of the insurance period) and the new policy premium was $29.1 billion, or 20.2 per cent of the previous quarter of the insurance period; there was still a very high increase in insurance premiums, laying the foundation for three quarters of the end-of-debt performance. 3) The manpower base was stable and the quality of the workforce continued to improve significantly.
The first-year commission income and the monthly pre-tax income of the core labour force have increased substantially. The positive growth in productivity has shown that the number of new people has risen, the number of recruits, the contribution of new people and their capacity to produce have risen by the same amount, and the 13-month retention rate has been optimized. (4) We believe that the regulatory policy implications of “report one” of channel costs have been accompanied by a fall in scheduled interest rates, short-term new listings.
As the company's “long voyage” transition moves deeper and deeper, it is expected that the premium performance will continue to be better than that of its peers. Production insurance: the combined cost of insurance coverage will rise as a result of the low base and natural disasters.
Services revenue of $139.5 billion, compared with 13.9 per cent) The increase in the ratio of production insurance to the original premium of $148.85 billion is mainly influenced by factors such as the lower base for the same period of the previous year and the disaster this year. • Investment: net investment returns have remained largely stable, and we expect a decline in equity to lead to a comparable return on total investment.
• The valuation remains low, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating. We value the company’s life risk plate to initiate organizational change, spearheaded by a home-grown shift in effort, to create a client-centred, most dynamic value-creating organization and to build a comprehensive enabling state
Headquarters and operating agencies to accelerate the shift of the “core” model from “transition” to “formulation”: property risk blocks strengthen cost management, optimize costs, regulate the provision of differentiated products and service delivery programmes, and enhance client renewal capacity.