Long-power technology (600584); IT semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment; q3 with record highs; gross net interest rate performance;
Event: The three-quarterly report on long-power technology released in 2020 showed that: 520.17 per cent of the revenues were realized in the first three quarters of 2020, 398 million net returns were realized in the first three quarters alone, an increase of 416.65 per cent over the same period, three-quarter profits were again peaked, and the new team led the new long power to new heights.
It's amazing that the firm's net gross interest rates are 17.04% and 5.87%, respectively, reflecting the current high profile of the semiconductor industry and the company's high capacity utilization. Since the new management took over, the company's profitability has risen for six consecutive quarters, and continues.
Fulfilling the growth sequence mentioned in our previous report, “New Management Reshaping Long Power.” There is still much room for growth in performance indicators as new teams continue to deepen their integration with corporate business, and business management strategies move forward.
The fact that the costs have not increased or decreased is a strong indication of the firm's efforts to flatten, upgrade, seal the taps up the top floor in recent years.
-20/20/08/24 Deep integration of domestic and external bases, high Māori business acceleration. Since the second half of 2020, public long power technology (600584) has succeeded in reversing the losses.
The Division speeds up the volume of advanced production and further consolidates core customer relationships overseas, while at the same time its technical strength and industry status rises to the top with the release of high Maori products such as 2020/05/055g, hpc.
So, as the epidemic leads to a further increase in global electronicization, the semiconductor industry is expected to continue, and business performance will increase significantly as long electrical technology in the global echelon of the global c-capacitated headlines.
More than $5 billion was raised for the annual production of 3.6 billion high-density integrated circuits and system-grade envelopes and 10 billion annual communications mixed with high-density integrated circuits and modular containment projects. With the launch of this fund-raising project, the company could be effectively strengthened in the areas of sip, qfn, bga, etc.
Business capacity, with further reductions in financial costs, and higher corporate performance. The landscape, and long power technology with a global core of leading clients in the 5g market, performed at an all-time high of q3 and a very good net gross interest rate.
1) The spread of the epidemic is over-expected; 2) uncertainty in the Central American Games; 3) the semi-conductor environment is not as high as expected; and 4) the implementation of the fund-raising project is not as fast as expected.
q3 has a record record record of high gross net interest rates.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.