Tiger Medicine (300347.sz/3347.hk)
The country's clinical leadership, resource-rich, continues to benefit from the rapid development of the country's cro clinical industry \triangleright exhibition: (1) the company, as the national industry's leader (the city's share is about 11%), has a wide range of clinical institutions
Resources, which are now working with more than 1,200 clinical trials in the country, have almost achieved a full-scale urban network of services and can provide one-stop clinical-related R & D services with a more competitive advantage; (2) corporate services are experienced, especially in innovative medicine clinics.
(3) The company’s clients are also well-resourced, with 6 of its top 20 clients being large multinational pharmaceutical companies and 16 listed companies in 2021. We believe that the company, as a leader in the industry, is well-funded in all its aspects and in the trend towards the rapid development of the Chinese clinical coro industry (cagr in 2014-2018).
31%), especially in the context of the significant increase in demand for research and development services for innovative medicines in recent years, domestic operations will be internationalized, and it is to be hoped that companies will continue to be internationalized, starting with the acquisition of Mesda in 2009, and continuing with the acquisition of holdings, dreamcis, eps, etc.
It now covers more than 50 countries in Asia and the Pacific, North America, Europe, etc., and has grown into one of the few national cro companies that have been able to undertake international multi-centre clinical trials, with an increase of 58% in the company ' s overseas operations in 2009-2021. We believe that China joined the ich-track international drug registration standard in 2017.
And against the backdrop of a wave of Chinese innovation, the company has a two-way growth potential: (i) to accompany Chinese customers out. Because of its high level of expertise and international multi-centre clinical capacity in the country’s crón, the company has been able to co-opt with many clients for years.
By the end of 2021, corporate institutional investors as a share of the circulation a. 132 single-area clinical trials abroad (y0y+39 per cent) had been conducted; (2) induced by overseas clients.
Incoming. China ' s accession to the international registration standard after Ich provides institutional safeguards for overseas pharmaceutical companies to conduct clinical work in the country, allowing China to be included in an increasing number of global clinical development programmes, with companies having a strong local advantage in the country, in addition to obtaining incremental orders, and establishing cooperation with more clients.
There is a better lead for the future of overseas operations. Newly signed single-speed increases, with strong hand orders and guaranteed growth: companies, with their abundant resources, provide a better basis for growth in corporate performance by 2.2 times their annual income.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.