Newly signed bill to promote higher incomes: Tage Medicine (300347), one-quarter review 2022: company published one-quarter report 2022. In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved total operating income.
In the first quarter of 2022, company-owned operations continued to grow steadily. According to the company ' s previous major business figures for the months of January and February, the previous two months had seen the same income as the previous two months.
Growth of over 100 per cent, new orders over 65 per cent over the same period, and a significant increase expected in the first two months of March, mainly due to increased revenues from clinical trial technical services, clinical trials and laboratory services. The net profits of the company grew less rapidly than income gains during the first quarter of the year.
Quick, mainly due to a decrease of 71.44 per cent in the net return on fair value changes over the same year, mainly due to a decrease in fair value changes generated by other non-current financial assets of the company, and the continued promotion of capacity-building with the abundance of hand orders. The company ' s new contract in 2021 amounted to 9,645 million
The company is currently operating in Asia and the Pacific, North America, Europe, Latin America, and Africa. By the end of 2021, it had more than 1,000 specialized teams in more than 50 countries overseas that could provide a range of clinical trial technical services, clinical trial-related services, and laboratory uniforms.
Operations cover major continents. By the end of 2021, companies had conducted 132 single regional clinical trials abroad (mainly in Korea, Australia and the United States), and 50 multi-regional clinical trials involving treatment in Asia and the Pacific, North America, Europe, Africa and Latin America.
Areas include neoplasms, vaccines, central nervous systems, cardiovascular diseases, and rare diseases. The investment proposal is that the company is the lead in the country’s clinical coro, and will continue to consolidate its leadership position, with the expectation that it will maintain a price equivalent of 23 times and 19 times, respectively, and maintain a “recommended” rating of the company.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.