Tagger Medicine (300347), pharmaceutical biology, orders and orders drive higher performance, and the international layout continues to deepen the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: Companies published 2021 annual reports, which generated business income of $5.21 billion for the year 2021, a growth of $1 billion and 73.9 per cent for the year; net cash flows from operating activities of $1.42 billion, an increase of 42.6 per cent for the same year; increased demand contributed to a new, over-expected growth in single contracts. In 2021, companies added $9.65 billion in new contracts.
Clear reasons for the increase in orders: 1) Increased need for clinical trials for new coronary pneumonia vaccines and treatments; 2) more stringent regulatory systems, accelerated development of new technologies and analytical tools, client-to-company services such as science, drug alerts, real-world research, medical translation, medical imagery and gcp certification counselling
Corporate orders are expected to continue to grow better in 2022, and are expected to drive rapid performance growth and strengthen the implementation capacity of multi-regional clinical trials to accelerate the internationalization strategy. In 2021, the company established an integrated upstream/downstream service centre in Chengjing, China, to simultaneously provide multiple services and establish a global integrated Sop process
And budget management systems that efficiently support global operations. By the end of 2021, the number of ongoing single-regional clinical trials outside companies (including Korea, Australia and the United States) had increased to 132: the number of ongoing international multi-centre clinical trials (mrct) in Asia and the Pacific, North America, Europe, Africa and Latin America had increased to 50.
• Establish long-term incentives to fully motivate employees. 1) 2022 h Shares Value Added Power Incentives: Incentives targeted at senior management, core technology, and senior management with employment or labour relations with corporate affiliates abroad
90 persons, including business personnel, with no more than 449.9 million shares (0.05116 per cent of the company ' s total equity) in value added. 2) 2022a shareholding scheme: participation in directors, supervisors, executives and nuclear companies ' confidence in a sustained high growth in performance in 2022.
Teg medicine (300347): Performance growth is higher than expected and internationalization is more desirable (2021-10-24) 2. Teg medicine (300347): Chinese clinical cro
Military enterprises, opening up a new journey in global development, have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for their specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.