q1 performance exceeded expectations and high orders supported high growth Events: Tag issued a first-quarter report in 2022. Companies achieved operating income of $1,818 million, an increase of 101.55 per cent, a net profit of $518 million, an increase of 13.82 per cent, and a deduction.
The net profit of the mother is 378 million yuan, an increase of 65.31 per cent from the previous year; the net operating cash flow is $303 million; the non-income end increases are high and high in hand orders support development throughout the year. 20201, subject to the company ' s regular business \triangleright
Development and new crown projects drive higher than expected revenue growth. At the same time, according to the 2021 annual report, the company ' s contract assets at 2022q1 increased by $190 million compared to the end of 2021, prompting the new update list to keep rising and rolling forward corporate development.
The deduction of non-net profit rates increased with a sustained reduction in the cost rate during the period, and the \triangleright net interest rate was affected by a number of factors. 2022q1, the company withheld net profit of $378 million, an increase of 65.31 per cent over the same period, and supermarkets.
Resounding Māori performance; a 71.44 per cent decline in fair value over the same year, significantly affecting the schedule of net interest rates for parentage Management, R & D rates combined 7.38 pp lower, financial cost rates affected by reduced interest income, and two operations driven by a two-track drive, with a continuous increase in the capacity of integrated services.
The bed test technology has 567 ongoing clinical projects (231 i and be projects, 106 i, 148 , 37 v, 45 it and real world studies), including 132 offshore single projects and 50 multi-centre projects of high quantity and quality)
Good, and the results of overseas outreach are at first sight; in clinical research-related services and laboratory services, smo, digital, laboratory services are stable and fast-growing, and two major operations are continuously synchronized to promote public risk factors: the risk of declining demand for research and development in the pharmaceutical industry and outsourcing, domestic and international policy, nuclear
Risks such as loss of heart, further escalation of the epidemic, failure to sign and execute orders, new operations and out-of-sea expansion.
She's a member of the team and a doctor of medicine at the Beijing Institute of Science and Medicine. She worked in the pharmaceutical industry for five years.
In July 2021, he joined the Sindash securities, which he was responsible for research on the medical equipment plate, and was a member of the team, the Master of Pharmacology, of the University of Shanghai Transport, who worked clinically at ppccjam and paraexel, and in 2021 he joined the Sindash securities, which he was responsible for research in the cxo industry.
General Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
Wu Xin, a member of the team, and a master's degree in biomedical engineering at Shanghai Transport University, joined the Sinda Portfolio in April 2022, which is responsible for the medical instruments and the components of the Chinese Pharmacy Plate Study. Nor will it be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.