For the first time, Makahara shares (002714), on 10 February 2022, the industrial chain was integrated and evolved from big to strong.
The company is the leader of the pig-breeding industry, with a market share of 6%.
In 2020, we became the country's first-ever pig-raising enterprise. With the gradual release of future production, we expect 70 million pigs to be born in 2023, with a market share of more than 10 per cent.
At the feed end, companies have R & D advantages, purchasing advantages and production advantages; at the breeding end, companies now have not only a complete triple breeding system, but also matured into binary breeding techniques.
At the farm end, the company's model of “full self-sufficiency, whole chain, intelligence” integration takes into account the disease control and expansion of capacity, the company's whole-industry chain builds a cost-leading advantage, reduces the efficiency gains through fine management, and at the end of last year the full cost of the company was reduced to less than $14.7 per kilogram, the lowest in the industry.
This year's target is $13 per kilogram, and there is much room for decline. The pig cycle is expected to reverse in the second half of this year.
We believe that, against a backdrop of falling pig prices, continuing losses in the industry, high feed costs and low demand, the pace of industrial productivity is expected to accelerate, and the pig cycle is expected to reverse in the second half of this year. Companies, as industry leaders, will benefit fully from rising industry climates.
With the growing standardization, scale and intensification of the pig farming industry, the integration of the pig industry will become a new trend. The company has accelerated the organization of the slaughter business since 2019.
Pre-production slaughtering can reach 22 million head/year. We believe that the company's downstream slaughtering business, the Yang will have better upstream/downstream synergies to smooth the impact of the pig cycle on the company's performance, from big to strong.
Risks of disease, risk of a significant drop in the price of pigs, risk of an increase in the cost of farming, risk of food safety.
After 30 years of growth, the company established a feed collection.
In the first half of 2021, the company produced 39.730 billion yuan in sales income, compared to the same amount.
This represents an increase of 91.5 per cent, representing 95.7 per cent of the company ' s total operating income. During the reporting period, the company sold 17,437,000 live pigs, of which 149,666 were registered as 84.3 per cent, 14.5 per cent, and 1.5 per cent, of the pigs.
During the first half of the year 2014-2021, the number of companies holding shares increased by 259 over a seven-and-a-half-year period, which is the average annual average.
Thirty-five more, with rapid expansion of production capacity. Geographically, the company’s production capacity is mainly located north of the Yangtze River, with the largest concentration in Henan Province, with as many as 68 holding companies, with more than 30% pig production capacity, and 47 subsidiaries in the Black, Gil, Liao, and Mon regions, with about 20% capacity ratio, mountains.
The share of production capacity in the provinces of East and Anhui is about 10 per cent, and in the provinces of Jiangsu and Hubei it is about 5 per cent each.
As productive capacity continues to be released and built, companies quickly grow into industry leaders. Companies sold 359,000 pigs in 2010 and 40,263,000 in 2021, accounting for 6% of the total number of pigs in the country that year. Over 11 years, the number of pigs in companies rose by about 111 times.
It established a leading industry and became the first-ever pig farm in the industry in 2020, surpassing the Winch shares. 12013/2014/2131,1 the firm’s equity structure is stable and its founders hold the shares.
39.64% and 1.22% of shares, and indirectly holding 13.01% of the shares of the company through Herdsfield Business Group Limited. The couple together hold 40.86% of the shares of the company directly, and are actually in control of the company. The management is in line with the interests of the stock.
On 19 October 2021, the company announced plans for the release of a stock stock in private.
The combined direct and indirect ownership of the company by the English and Chinese couple will rise from 53.88% to 55.16%. The actual control of the company by the controllers will be further strengthened, which will facilitate the expansionary and integration strategies of the herds and enhance the company’s core competitiveness.
There is a clear trend towards rejuvenation of the company's management team. The company's strategy of “juvenile generals” was to select people from the field. It was only then that a large group of 85 or 90 top employees took up leadership positions from the grass-roots level, creating a younger, technical, independent, and strategized cadre.
Between 2016 and 2020, corporate operating income increased from 5.6 billion yuan to 56.3 billion yuan, resulting in net profit from the mother from 2.3 billion dollars, influenced by the “pig cycle”, and the company's Māori ratio fluctuated significantly, but the company relied on its own strong cost-control capabilities.
The Division achieved business income of 56.28 billion yuan, an increase of 43.7 per cent, and a net return profit of 8.704 billion yuan, a decrease of 58.5 per cent over the same period. Despite a significant decline in corporate profits in the first three quarters of last year, business performance continued to outpace the rapid growth in corporate return net profits over the last five years (in millions of yuan).
Figure 10: The Māori ratio of corporate pig-breeding business is higher than that of their peers, with 1.4 companies having a strong bargaining power up and down, with less money being spent, benefiting from the vanguard position of the corporate industry, and the way in which the business of pig-breeding is traded.
More specifically, the company’s main downstream customers are raw pig traders and a small part of slaughtering businesses, and, when dealing with them, basically follow a “one-hand, one-hand delivery” model of “two-way” money. Corporate receivables and receivables/business income are extremely low, at 0.03% in 2020.
On the other hand, companies have a strong bargaining power over upstream food traders when purchasing raw materials because of their size. Companies have long maintained a relatively high proportion of notes and accounts payable/business costs, up to 74.9% in 2020, and to some extent, large bills and accounts payable.
Figure 12: Corporate accounts receivable and accounts/business income less than 1 per cent Figure 13: Higher proportion of corporate accounts payable and accounts/business costs
2.1 The company has established a complete chain of closed pig production that combines feed processing, pig breeding, pig growing, commodity pig breeding, pig slaughtering. Under the heavy asset business model, the company implements sperm through various stages of pig farming.
Forage supply is an upper part of the chain of pig-breeding industry and is a key component of pig-breeding. Generally, feed production accounts for about 56% of total pig-breeding costs.
So the cost of pig farming is easily affected by the price of corn. For pig farming, controlling the cost of feed is essential for reducing efficiency gains.
The company produces all its feed for its own use, sets high quality standards at all stages of raw material procurement, processing production, transportation, etc., strictly controls the quality of the feed and ensures the safety of raw pigs at all stages of farming. We believe that the company has at least three advantages at the end of the feed supply:
1) R & D excellence: The company has its own feed R & D team and, in fully assessing the dietary needs of pig populations over different ages, has developed precise nutritional standards, such as 6 types of 32 feed formulations for different pigs, and up to 11 formulations for different weight stages for the care and fertility phases alone.
The refined management measures developed by the company, while maximizing the growth potential of pigs and improving the health of pigs, have reduced the meat ratio and increased the rate of payment for feed. The company's “baby feed mix” of early weaning has the advantage of being oral, digestive, low-cost, high-transformation, and has been patented by the state.
On the basis of the existing “corn + soybean” formulation techniques, and taking into account the characteristics of the local wheat main production area in Namyang City, locally appropriate “wheat 10 soybean” feed formulation techniques have been developed, and applications such as barley, sorghum, raw material by-products have been actively developed to achieve full use of raw materials. In feed nutrition, wheat and maize are energy sources.
And when the price of feed material rises, companies can adjust the main material in the formula in time, depending on the price of the raw material, thereby maximizing the likelihood of lowering the price of the raw material.
For example, maize prices were significantly lower than wheat prices in 2016, when maize accounted for about 27 per cent of feed raw material costs and wheat for only 9 per cent; while maize prices were significantly higher than wheat prices in the first half of 2021, with a price difference of over $400 per ton, and feed formulations in the middle of the company.
In the northeast, more than 70% of wheat is used for rice grains, and the proportion of maize used does not exceed 2. First, in Henan Province, where the company produces food crops such as wheat, maize, soybeans, etc., this provides sufficient security for the supply of raw materials, while in Henan province, where the company ' s production capacity is concentrated.
Inner, the geographical matching of the distribution of production and the supply of raw materials reduces the transport costs of raw materials. Second, the large size of the Department’s farm production reduces the unit cost of procurement. 3) Production advantages: companies achieve full-process intelligent production in feed processing, precision and waste.
In small numbers, all feed uses a high temperature sterilisation process of 85°C, 8 min (3 mins + 5 mins), real-time on-line monitoring of the sterilisation temperature to ensure high temperature sterilisation effects: cool air level 3 filters: finished materials bulk closed, transport, farmhouse smart feeding, no contact at all, feed safety zero risk, and the health of pigs.
2.2 The innovation of the binary hybrid breeding system highlights the competitive advantage of breeding pig breeding as an important link in the chain of pig-breeding industries, the most specialized, time-consuming and economically efficient jobs in the industrial chain, requiring significant capital investment. The United States Department of Agriculture has been in operation since 1996.
Research has found that genes play the largest role in determining the economic benefits of pig production, reaching around 40%. China’s late start and insufficient investment in pig breeding have led to a gap between the efficiency of pig farming in the country and the major pig-breeding countries in the United States and Europe.
Since the main species of pure pigs, such as big white pigs, long white pigs, and Dolock pigs, are born abroad, large domestic pig-breeding enterprises need to plant from abroad to maintain the size of their populations. In 2020, China ' s pure pig-breeding stock was innovative, close to 30,000, a 2.8-fold increase in comparison. In January-September this year, more than 24,000 pigs were imported, nearly the full last year.
We are currently importing pigs from countries like Denmark, France, the United States, among which Denmark is our country where the pure pig breeds are highly vulnerable to the epidemic. In 2019, as a result of the African pigpest, the number of domestic breeds declined by nearly 80%. This has had a significant negative impact on the domestic pig-breeding industry.
The system was destroyed, and the triplets were found to be endemic in the industry. The breeding efficiency of pigs decreased. Second, in Africa, the country's stable structure of pig-growing pigs has changed considerably since the outbreak of the swine plague, with the ratio rising rapidly. But the triple pig has less productivity than the binary pig, which is one of the factors that has led to a rapid increase in the cost of breeding pigs.
The average cost of fertility in the industry has risen from $12/kg before the African pigpest to the current 15-16/public pig breeding has played a very important role in stabilizing the price of pig production and promoting a healthy and stable development of the pig-breeding industry. The traditional pig-breeding system is a hybrid system.
The company is strong in breeding pigs. The company has now established a national core farm, provincial level.
The company has set up nine pig breeders throughout the country, and will continue to invest more in research and development, focusing on raising the performance of pigs and increasing the fertility of pigs.
The company has been working on high-value pig breeding. It now owns high-quality products, such as Dolock, Shizuhara, Yokhara, Pastoral, Bipolar, Sanjoo. It has high growth rates, high feed conversion rates, thin backsliding, etc.
The company has also set up a team of more than 30 professional breeders, created pork skills, and carried out breeding research.
Figure 23: The company’s core breeding grounds for pigs at the national level, Figure 24: The company has a variety of high-quality breeds of pigs and piglets, and the binary replanting system is less influenced by pig-induced seeding. The most significant feature of the company’s dual breeding system is that
The two-bit pig also breeds with whites/whites, whites with whites, 50% of whites, and once again with whites or whites, there are some changes in the bloodlines of whites and whites, but still the two-bit pig. At this point, he is 75% of whites and 20% of whites; or he is 75% of whites.
It's 25% white. Instead of a binary pig to produce a commodity pig, it's going to produce a binary pig, which, although less developed than the traditional binary pig, is much better than a triple pig. By applying the binary replanting system on a large scale, the company minimizes the impact of the African swine plague on the company's productive capacity, making it still safe for the company.
Figure 25: The company returns to the binary breeding system to create competitive advantages at the farm level in the “all-self-sustaining, whole-chained, intelligent” farming model
There are two main models of farming: the “self-sustaining integration” model, and the “corporate + farm-based” model. The “full self-reliance, whole chain, smart” model adopted by companies is actually the “self-sustaining integration” model.
In the “company + farmer” model, pig-breeding companies are jointly contracted with farmers, who are responsible for the production of pig fats, while farm-breeding companies are responsible only for core production such as breeding.
The model of “self-sustaining integration” is essentially an asset-intensive business model. Non-current assets account for a higher proportion of total assets. This model requires significant financial investment and requires a strong cost-control capacity.
The company's “all-self-sustaining, whole-chain, smart” business model is highly funded, but its advantages are also evident in the following areas: 1) the company is more efficient in farming.
The production chain, such as growing pigs and raising them as commodities, is in a state of control and has been regulated and standardized through various planning, production and management systems. Based on the “self-sustaining integration” model, companies can use advanced and efficient automation equipment in the fertility chain.
Pig strategy actively explores the use of smart technologies in pig farming scenes, such as cloud computing, big data, networks, smart equipment, etc.
In-house ownership of research and development innovations, along with the active introduction of externally appropriate technologies, equipment, etc., and through in-house research and development and the introduction of external technologies, promote continuous upgrading of corporate intelligence, speed up product renewal, and improve product stability and simplicity. In the future, companies will continue to strengthen smart equipment innovation research and development, as well as the digitization and intellectualization of pig farming.
Levels; improvement of the internal environmental quality of pighouses through various smart management systems such as smart feeding, smart ring control, raising the health of pigs, raising farm performance and reducing production costs.
Under the “all-self-sustaining, whole-chain, intelligent” farming model, the efficiency of the company's fertility has been greatly improved, and at the fertility stage, one of its breeders can raise 2,700-3,600 piglets at the same time (according to the conditions of the pighouses) and produce more efficiently than the average in the country's industry.
The company farming model saves the cost of commissioning. According to the announcement of the stockholdings, enterprises using the company-farmer model spend an average of about $200 on commissioning costs.
In January of this year, the Ministry of Agriculture published a second series of lists of endemic African pigs, including the largest number of affiliates in pastoralist shares.
By the end of 2020, the number of pigs produced by companies rose from 1859,000 to 181.115 million, and by a factor of 8.7 in seven years. Even during the African swine plague, the number of pigs born by companies continued to grow rapidly.
By the end of last year, the full cost of the company had been reduced to less than $14.7 per kilogram, the lowest in the industry, and the cost of individual fine pig farms had been reduced to $12.5 per kilogram.
In contrast, the company has a significant advantage in the cost of head feed and head labour costs, although the head is depreciated more than the share of Winch, but the cost of depreciation is a non-cash cost that does not affect the company’s operating cash flow. The objective of the common administration this year is to keep it at $13/kg, with much scope for cost decline.
The main contradiction of the current 3.1 is overcapacity, which is expected to reverse in the second half of this year, is that we are still at the end of the current pig cycle, which began in May 2018 and continues to this day.
After more than 44 months. The pig price rose from $10.1/kg in May 1818 to $40.98/kg in October 2019. Then, after a period of high space, the pig price officially entered the lower cycle. The pig price went from $40.98/kg down to $10.78/kg in the lower cycle. In 2021, the pig price rose to $10.78/kg.
A wave of rebounds, but back to the downwalk after the low rebound in December, with a price of $14.18 per kilogram as of January 22, 2022.
The data published by the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development in December 2021 showed a national stock of 43.29 million pigs, equivalent to 105.6 per cent of normal stock, although, with the beginning of July 2021, the stock of pigs began to decline, and by December 2021 the production of pigs had been degenerated for six months.
With the weakening of demand in the first half of the year, and with the rising pressure to exit, prices of pigs were still under construction until April/May. For six months.
In absolute terms, there has been an increase in the number of coils in December, but differences in statistical samples between the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs and the National Statistical Office have led to a lack of comparability of data between December and November. In terms of trends, the trend remains unchanged with regard to the degenerativeization of pig production.
The price of pigs has continued to fall, creating a strong condition for the subsequent de-generation of the production capacity. As a result of the outbreak of a new crown in late November 2021, which had a heavy impact on catering and tourism, the consumption of pork as a whole was weakened. After New Year’s Day, the consumption of pork was characterized by a weak season and an accelerated decline.
During this cycle, the self-sufficient owners have experienced two consecutive loss periods, which are very close. But the profit and loss points of the cycle are far higher than in the previous cycle, and the losses are much higher than in the previous cycle.
The impact of the epidemic is not as good as expected. According to previous years, the price of a pig was roughly $8-9 per pound before spring, but this year the price of a pig is only around $7 per pound. It is clear that the season is not good.
Demand is lower than in previous years, but the monthly slaughter rate of the hog-slaughter industry has increased significantly, reflecting the current situation of excess supply. After the festival, the demand for pork will continue to weaken, and the prices of pigs will be higher.
Figure 35: The sacrificial slaughter of pigs has created new high prices for pigs, profits from farming, and consumption. We believe that pig production will continue to degenerate, and that the price of the pig will be explored twice in the spring, and we are optimistic that a new cycle of pigs will start later this year.
The integration of the industrial chain, which has evolved from large to strong, has become a trend in the industry as the concentration of the pig-breeding industry has increased.
The rate of scalation of pig farming of more than 500 head is 53%, an increase of 9.7 percentage points from 2015, and the annual rate of scalding of pig farming will be 58%. With the increasing standardization, scale and intensification of pig farming, and the direction of the country’s industrial policy, the development of integrated chains of pig production will be a new development.
In the wake of the domestic African swine plague, policies have been adopted at the national and local levels to limit the movement of live pigs. Specific policies have now been adopted in the central and eastern regions and Henan Provinces: in principle, to eliminate pig growing and to increase fertility.
More than 30 kilos of live pigs have been banned from their respective areas of jurisdiction, except for major animal disease-free areas, such as pigpest in Africa. More areas will not be ruled out in the future by more stringent measures to limit the movement of live pigs.
Since the marketing patterns of pig-breeding enterprises are essentially living pigs, a shift in the policy of transfer can have some negative effects on the distribution of pigs across provinces and districts. By adopting a vertically integrated approach, pig-breeding enterprises can effectively reduce the sales of the mode of selling pigs from simple to simple pig-sales to meat-sales.
2) Farming, slaughtering, and integrated development of the industrial chain are beginning to take shape. In the wake of the outbreak of the African swine plague, there has been a permeation between the pig-breeding and the farm-breeding enterprises. In 2019, dragon meat was produced in the Shandong region with a strategic pig-breeding layout around East and West.
The western region has signed a strategic framework for cooperation with the people’s government in the town of Antshu, where 600,000 first-born pigs are being industrialized annually.
An increase of 7 billion yuan has been set aside to expand up-stream pig production and chicken farming. Of this amount, a total investment of 1.2 billion yuan has been made in the production of pig production capacity projects. The project has reached the post-partum stage, where the company will form a complete pig production system of over 1,000 former pigs, 2,000 former pigs, more than 20,000 for parents, and about 50,000 per year of pig-planting and pig-breeding.
In a new development, pig-breeding companies are also going to slaughter and produce food. Five pig-breeding companies have been set up, with the exception of real-life technology.
Wen’s share will be 20% of the pig-breeding capacity in the future, the new hope will be 20% of the pig-breeding scale, and Tianzhou’s share will be able to plan six single-body 5 million-square slaughter plants. As farming and slaughter companies become more permeable, the production, processing, and marketing of pig-breeding plants will be integrated.
The development model will be the future direction of the pig industry. The pig-breeding industry, which is connected with pig-breeding, and the consumption of pork, which is also a key element in safeguarding the quality of pork, will become a pig-breeding business.
We believe that the business model of integrated business chains will gradually be in the recovery phase of the 4.2 slaughter industry, and that future competition patterns will be further optimized.
The slaughter industry is downstream of the chain, and the market patterns are directly related to the number of pig-borns. Prior to the African swine plague in 2018, the scale of the industry was more stable.
Since the outbreak of the African swine plague, the slaughter industry has been heavily affected and there has been a significant drop in the slaughter. In 2019, the number of live pigs in the country fell by 540 million, a 21.6 per cent decline in the same year, and the production of 42,553,000 tons of pork, a 21.3 per cent decline in the same year, according to data published by the National Statistical Office, in 2021.
The annual production of pigs exceeded 671 million head, an increase of 27.4 per cent compared to the pre-pill levels in Africa. The production of pork rose by 28.8 per cent to 52.96 million tons, according to data published by the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, in 2021 the country ' s targeted slaughtering industry reached an all-time high of 265 million head.
And the slaughter industry is recovering. Figure 36: The country's production of piglets has recovered. Figure 37: The country's production of pork has recovered dramatically.
2) The slaughter industry has become more regulated, which is conducive to the long-term development of the industry. The slaughter industry has a strict system of access and targeted slaughter, and the new Regulations on the Administration of Pigs Slaughter, as amended in 2021, provide for targeted slaughter and centralized quarantine.
The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development's circular on further strengthening the regulation of the slaughtering of pigs emphasizes that: “Small pig slaughter sites, with the county as their unit, will only be reduced. The establishment of the remaining pig slaughtering enterprises will be consistent with the Development Reform Commission's Industrial Structure.
The municipal people’s governments in the Bailiwick shall organize a rigorous review, the provincial livestock and veterinary authorities shall conduct a self-censorship, and the county (municipality and district) shall firmly shut down the environmental facilities, which are not required, and the slaughter facilities are not equipped.
As of January 2020, no animal health authority will be allowed to place an official veterinarian and no animal quarantine certificate.
In 2016, it fell to 11,000, in 2018 to 9475, and in 2019 it was further reduced to 505. Under industrial policy, the pig-breeding industry is gradually becoming more regulated and intensive. 3) Competition patterns in the industry are fragmented, but tend to be concentrated in scale.
The scale can be divided into workshops (including subsistence feeding and illegal slaughter), state-ordered slaughter companies, and more than-scale butchering companies. In 2019, 56% of the registered slaughter companies recorded annual slaughters of less than 20,000, and 12.6% of the annual slaughter of more than 100,000 pigs in Africa.
Before, about 35% of the slaughter in the country’s more than-sized pig slaughtering companies. After the African swine plague, the share fell, but with the gradual recovery of pig production capacity, the slaughter industry showed a clear trend towards concentration and scale. In 2021, the share of slaughter in the more-than-plant slaughter industry was 39.5% of the total slaughter.
Large companies in the pig-slaughter industry have double-sink development, rain-fed food, gold-twigs, dragon meat and new hope. The largest number of cities in the two-shut-showing industry is 2.4%, but only 5-7%. Market concentration is low and competition is high.
But as industrial policy leads, consumers focus on food safety, and the upstream pig-breeding industry increases in scale, so will the slaughter industry.
In keeping with the situation, in 2019, the company accelerated the organization of the slaughter business by establishing nearly 20 slaughter companies, completing the process of site selection, raw material procurement, feed processing, pig breeding, slaughter processing, and a controlled, retroactive closed-ring management model. By the first half of 2021, the company had been operating in Henan, Shandong, and Shandong.
At the end of January, the company had eight slaughterhouses, with a capacity of 22 million head/year, which will be fully covered in the future. The pre-spring slaughter capacity of the company reached 48,000.
The highest is the Great Red Gate, with 12 million slaughterhouses and 1,139 million slaughterhouses throughout the year, which, if calculated on the basis of the pre-spring slaughter, will make herbs and two remittances the largest real slaughtering enterprise in the country. In January of this year, 205 pig-growing plants under the company’s flag were successfully selected to serve on the list of pig farms in the Beijing “point-to-point” pilot agreement.
Corporate slaughter lines are highly automated and state-of-the-art. Companies are automating the process from hogs to slaughtering. Corporate slaughter plants have undergone three generations of design innovations, with second and third-generation slaughter plants being more intelligent than first-generation slaughterhouses.
The production line and the design of a smart plant will greatly enhance the company’s competitiveness in slaughtering operations.
The company’s slaughterhouses are mainly for large farmers, big markets, supermarkets, food-processing companies, etc. The company currently has over 500 meat salesmen.
More than 70 cities across the country have worked with more than 4,000 clients, including a number of larger food processing businesses, catering businesses, and super-businesses. At the same time, companies are actively exploring sales at the end of the "c" end.
The app is now on line five pork gift boxes, with products including frozen meat and cooked food. The Department will also be active in expanding a wide range of distribution channels.
There are plans to increase the scalding process and target the sale of non-standardized fractions.
We believe that the company has a unique advantage in deep-scale slaughtering. Mr. First is a highly asset-operated industry with a high degree of product homogenization and a low concentration of industry, but the company has a clear-scale advantage in following a cost-first competitive approach and in better harnessing the synergies between farming and slaughtering.
1) The company has a large number of live pigs out every year, which ensures adequate supply of slaughterhouses and increases capacity utilization. Generally speaking, the main operating costs of slaughtering companies can be divided into the cost of raw pig acquisitions, fixed cost of slaughterhouses and convertibility, which account for about 95% of the cost of intermediate pig acquisitions.
The average capacity of the country's more than 30% of the country's more than 100% of the country's pig-sacrifice companies is less than 60%. The main reason for this is the concentration of the upstream pig-breeding industry.
This situation is exacerbated when a major outbreak occurs. In the case of double-sink development, 65.6 per cent of the capacity of two-sink development in 2018 and 30 per cent of the capacity of slaughtering by 2020 was reduced.
The company, as the leader of the pig-breeding industry, can take full advantage of the size of the farm to meet the demand for pigs in the slaughter business. Given the priority that the company gives to the domestic butchering sector, the production capacity of the butcher-breeding plant will be made available.
Theoretically, more than 80% can be achieved, thus increasing the Māori rate of the company slaughter business. 2) The company ' s slaughtering energy profile is basically matched to that of the pig production, which saves the cost of running pigs. The high degree of fragmentation of the upstream pig-breeding industry has made it possible to buy pig-breeding economies or trade pigs for most of the time.
In this case, the cost of a slaughtering company to acquire a pig also includes a dollar, which is to be borne by the slaughtering company. By matching the slaughter capacity in the main pig-producing area, the company is able to significantly reduce the cost of this pig circulation and thus become more competitive.
3) Smoothing the volatility of the pig cycle on corporate profits. The company’s current main business structure determines the difference between the company’s profitability and that of the pig. In the long run, large fluctuations in profitability are not conducive to the company’s long-term growth.
In particular, when the price of pigs is in the lower cycle, farm-end profits are held, but slaughter ends benefit from lower costs, which can increase the amount of slaughter, increase the release of fresh pork, reduce the amount of frozen meat, and increase the stock of frozen meat.
In addition, companies can make up for the loss of slaughterhouses by putting frozen stocks of meat. In general, companies can make a profit.
Power is reduced by the pig cycle. (4) provides a solid basis for companies to expand into meat products. The slaughter is only an intermediate link between agricultural products and the food industry.
On the one hand, the slaughter business can boost the premium by improving the structure of the product, including the shift from pig to fresh meat sales, as well as the deep processing and even extension of prefabricated meat products with a higher value added, which enriches the company’s product matrix. The company currently sells products that are dominated by white pork.
Given the demand for new retailing and the market environment, there will be plans to increase the distribution process in the future, with the targeted sale of non-standardized splits. On the other hand, improved distribution channels, from traditional multi-tier wholesale channels to chains, chained restaurants, direct supply by food processing firms, and even direct contact with end-users, enhance the value of corporate products.
In addition, creating a brand of its own product, promoting the transformation of unbranded meat into branded meat, taking a different course of competition, from 1) pig production, is the company’s core business. The industry as a whole is still in the process of being able to produce, and the first half of the year has been under pressure to supply it, making it difficult for pigs to make a difference.
Starting in July, there will be a steady decline in the stock of hogs, which will ease the pressure on the supply of pigs in the second half of the year, but there will still be an excess of pig production throughout the year. This year, pig prices are likely to be lower and higher, at an average annual cost of $15-16 per kilogram. In 2023, with improved supply and demand patterns, industry climates increased and average prices increased throughout the year.
In 2022, and in 2023, the number of pig births was 61 million and 70 million, respectively, corresponding to the pig-breeding business (2). The slaughter business is expected to become another core business after the pig-breeding business.
Next year the number of pigs will match the number of pigs produced. As the company's slaughter capacity continues to be released, the company's slaughter revenues will be in the range of billions and $41.39 billion. The corresponding Māori rates are 8.2% and 13%, respectively. 1) Disease risk.
The company’s profitability is positively related to the pig price.
(3) The risk of higher farm costs. The increase in raw materials for feed and the increase in the mortality rate will result in higher farm costs for companies, which in turn will affect their performance. 4) Food safety risks. Company products include raw pigs and pork and a small amount of pork products.
This report is presented independently, objectively, with due diligence and professionalism. The data that I promised to report are based on compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.