Shenwon shares (002714); the pig's dragons continue to expand, and the cost advantage is to lay the foundation stone.
The company has a large-scale and integrated self-sustaining model of self-support, expanding its capacity to produce and sell co-sales for 21 years. The company collects feed, breeds pigs, grows pigs, grows pigs, grows pigs, grows pigs, grows pigs.
The country's largest self-sustaining industry is being scaled up, and the cost advantage is an important basis for the sustainability of the business.
One of the large-scale, integrated pig-breeding enterprises is also one of the largest pig-breeding enterprises in the country, with a low degree of scale and concentration in the sector, with a large number of dispersed farmers and small and medium-sized farms.
In recent years, the process of industrial scalability has continued, influenced by policy support, environmental protection, and the expansion of leadership. At the same time, the pig industry is highly volatile and cyclical, and the cycle has been under rapid pressure since 21.
An important basis for achieving growth. Cost-management certainty in the context of uncertainty about pig prices Debt and cross-equity presentations: This is the most critical, with firms with cost advantages having a higher performance elasticity and investment value.
In our view, the cost advantages of herding are as follows:
This has been kept low; the farm has adopted a full-time model of self-sufficiency, and the advantages of disease prevention and control have been fully tested in non-pestic conditions. The topping up of the company’s day-to-day operation, which has a significant cost advantage, has only slightly increased the cost of post-pest development. The company’s full cost has now reached $15/kq, which will be phased in over 22 years.
Reaching the target of $13/kg to build up the firm’s strong cost advantages on a continuous basis. The company’s current productive capacity reserves are sufficient, increasing market ownership over the long term.
The sheer number of pigs stands at 2.83 million, supporting more than 55 million out of the list, with sufficient productive reserves. Companies enjoy high growth in their performance.
1. We're an absolute leader of pig-breeding enterprises.
Since its inception, the company has continued to expand its capacity to produce and sell 40,263,000 pigs in 2021.
1.2 The equity structure is stable, the equity incentive is long-term, the equity is stable, and the equity incentive is long-term. The firm’s equity structure is stable, and the firm’s shareholders, who hold 53.87% of the company’s shares, directly and indirectly, are absolute shareholders.
The industry has a wealth of experience, starting with the head of a pig farm, with many years of pig breeding, growing pigs, commodity pig breeding experience, and business management from the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East. In addition, the company’s workforce is very large, and the second phase of the company’s employee holding plan has been extended twice since its establishment in 2016, taking over the company.
In February 2022, the company announced that it would implement the 2022 Restricted Stock Incentives scheme. We believe that the company’s ongoing employee-holding and equity incentive scheme will help core and core employees share the benefits of the company’s rapid growth and increase their motivation.
Figure 5: Corporate equity structure 2. Cost as a basis for sustained growth 2.1 industry-scaling process, with cost advantages as an important basis for sustained enterprise development
As a traditional industry, we have a low degree of scale and concentration in the pig-breeding industry. According to China’s veterinary yearbook, 94.32% of pig-breeding households recorded below 50 per cent in 2019, while only 373, less than 0.01 per cent, were in large scale farms each year, with a large number of dispersed farmers and small- and medium-scale farms in the industry.
According to data from 15 large-scale listed pigs, in 2021, a total of 9,970.02 million were registered, representing only 14.85% of the country’s total output. In recent years, the process of industrial scalding has continued, influenced by national policy support, environmental requirements, and rapid expansion of leading enterprises.
Due to its own growth patterns and the low size of the industry, the highly volatile and cyclical nature of the pig industry, and the high and frequent price volatility of pigs, which has created greater business uncertainty for all businesses. The cycle has been rapidly down since 21, and the prices of pigs are now beginning to go down in the second round, with the industry once again entering the loss phase, and the cash flow of the industry is under greater pressure in the short term, we believe.
At the bottom of the cycle, cash flows prevail, but fundamentally, cost advantages are the essential basis for enabling firms to survive the bottom of the cycle safely, and even to cross the cycle against the market, to continue to grow. Managing cost certainty against the background of uncertainty about pig prices is the most critical, with firms with a greater elasticity of performance growth and investment value.
In our view, the cost advantages of herding as an absolute leader in the pig-breeding industry are significant, as can be seen from the following aspects:
2.2.1 Forage end: Accompanies home-grown feed, a significant advantage in the procurement of formulas and raw materials A significant advantage in the procurement of home-grown feed, formulations and raw materials. From the feed end, the company insists on own-grown feed to feed pigs in all parts of the company, reducing the overall cost of feed procurement. On feed formulations, the company continues to develop research and development inputs to study alternative feed formulations to reduce the supply of maize, maize and maize.
At the same time, the company has developed multi-stage precision nutrient formulations that can be adapted to the growth dynamics of the pigs, one-day formulas, precision nutrients, and productivity improvements. In the purchase of feed raw materials, the company’s farm production capacity is distributed mainly in the main food-producing areas of the northeast, northeast China, and northwest.
On this basis, companies use the advantages of centralized purchasing to work strategically with large food companies and supply chain finance operations to stabilize upstream food supplies. In addition, they have formed professional teams for research, international trade and professional logistics, continuously refining systems for processing feed raw materials, adapting flexible policies for the procurement of feed raw materials, and actively opening new avenues for global procurement.
2.2.2 Building logistics transport platforms to achieve low-cost procurement and transport objectives. 2.2.2 Procreation ends: strong breeding advantages, strong breeding advantages for the pig, and excellent production for the pig. At the breeding ends, companies have built a fully fledged breeding system based on their own national pig core.
In the case of pigs, companies apply strict selection criteria for pigs entering the core herds, ensuring that the good genetic pool of the core population is maintained and upgraded and free of dependence on imported pigs. To date, there are about 100,000 gp and ggp in the core population of the company, largely supporting the existence of 2.83 million capable hogs (as of the end of 21). In the case of pigs, the company benefits are good.
At the same time, the company has set up a unique binary breeding system from the core, which is used directly by parents and mothers, for multi-protocol production, and for rapid supplementation of the company's maternal production capacity.
Demand. Thanks to the company’s outstanding breeding advantages, the company’s female pigs are productive, and now psy has reached around 24, msy 20, and weaning pig heads cost around $350, all of which are at a high level of industry excellence.
Figure 9: The company returns to the binary breeding system at the end of 2.2.3: the self-reliance model is maintained, fully tested in the case of non-pestic diseases, and fully tested in the case of non-pestic diseases.
The model of surrogates, whereby companies adopt a model of self-sufficiency throughout their life cycle, placing the fertility chain under firm control. The integrated business model provides a solid foundation for the prevention and control of the disease. On this basis, the company has built a complete system of disease prevention and control, implemented a wide range of disease prevention and control measures, such as multi-level isolation of pig fields, small environmental control in the interior, and established an early warning system.
Biosecurity measures such as “early isolation and weaning”, “segregation”, “one-to-one” and “all-out” ensure the safety and effectiveness of the company's disease prevention system during the colonization process. Compared to the “company-plus-farmer” light asset model, the self-sufficiency model has a higher level of initial investment, with a “heavier asset” and a greater capacity to produce under normal industry development.
At the same time, we believe that the advantages of disease prevention and control associated with the company's self-sustaining model are also significant, and this has been fully tested in this non-pestility scenario, where the company's production has not been significantly damaged by the epidemic, but has increased at a high and double rate in the shadow of the epidemic, becoming an absolute leader in the country's pig-breeding industry. And, unlike the cash costs of the average replacement cost under the company-farmer model, it is self-inflicted.
While the initial input to the self-sustaining model is one-off, the depreciation amortization of the pig farm after delivery is a non-cash cost that can be exhausted during the industry’s low-level phase and may reduce the company’s cash flow. Companies continue to modernize and intelligently develop farming, design their own modern pighouses, and continue to explore the building-farming model and introduce automation.
Equipment, by developing smart equipment, such as smart feeding, smart ring control, pig-breeding robots, to provide a highly clean growth environment for pigs, which greatly improves farm productivity. At the same time, the company has also developed, through artificial intelligence technology, a model for disease prediction, real-time surveillance and effective control of disease, early warning of some cases of swine disease, and assistance in the long-range diagnosis of veterinary medicine.
The company currently has an average of 2,700 to 3600 pig breeders at the fertility stage, producing more productively than the domestic industry average.
2.3 The company ' s cost advantages are sustained and the cash flow is low, and the cost of non-post-pest farming has increased only marginally. We believe that the company has a clear cost advantage at feed end, breeding end and farm end, and that the company has a significant cost advantage by adding to its fine management of day-to-day operations. According to our split of production costs and costs for the head of the company, it is subject to a non-pest.
In terms of the cost of producing a commodity pig, the company’s cost of producing a non-pessil commodity pig is around the dollar. In April 2021, a group of pig-breeding companies even achieved historical excellence at a full cost of about $10.5/kg.
According to corporate disclosure data, the full cost of the company has reached about $15/kg at this stage, including non-cash costs such as depreciation amortization of about $2. In the future, the company will reduce the fragmentation of the company’s in-house farm performance and reduce the overall cost of farming by improving the efficiency of the operations of high-cost backward fields, subsidiaries, and strengthening internal management and human empowerment training.
We believe that the firm’s strong cost advantage can mitigate losses and thus bring even less.
Based on the company’s single-quarter operating net cash flow, the company achieved a net flow of $95,146.9 million in operating cash, even during the period of constant discovery of the price of q3 pigs in 2021. In order to guarantee the company’s cash flow, the company has now suspended additional fixed-asset investment, with only a small amount of work under construction. Depending on the size of the company’s current operations, we measure that the company is able to achieve a balance of cash payments, in accordance with normal conditions.
In October 2021, the company launched a plan to raise $5 billion from the group of controlling shareholders to supplement the company’s liquidity, which is now proceeding in an orderly manner. At the same time, the company has continued to strengthen its cooperation with financial institutions, with a bank credit balance of more than $20 billion.
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual boom, Shinwon shares (002714). The biological pig is expanding and the cost advantage is laying the foundation stone. Table 3: Average monthly operating cash flow of the company.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, the country has been able to grow pigs since their peak of 456.4 million in June 21. As of January 22, 42.9 million pigs had been stored nationwide, and production capacity had been reduced by 6%.
A two-tier search was quickly opened, adding to the impact of the sharp rise in feed prices associated with the current overall increase in bulk agricultural prices, and raising the farmer’s losses further. According to our statistics, self-sufficiency has been lost for 13 consecutive weeks since the third week of December 21 and the level of losses is steadily increasing,3 with the head loss extreme (with a head loss of $771.46, and the second week of October 21), the size and duration of the farm losses are already at an all-time high.
And we believe that, under constant detection of pig prices and the double-dumping of feed prices, the losses and duration of the current crop will continue to grow, which will further accelerate the pace of industrial output. Moreover, it is important to emphasize that for ordinary farmers and small- and medium-scale sites, the lack of self-produced feed capacity requires the procurement of formulas from feed plants.
Relatively fixed finished feed, and therefore forced to bear the cost pressures of higher feed prices, makes their cash flow in the current cycle of exploration more expensive and more likely to become a “main force” for the degeneration of their current production capacity. And a leader with its own feed capacity can use formulation alternatives to mitigate the impact of higher feed raw material prices and to further highlight its size and operational advantages.
We stress that the ongoing losses in the industry are leading to a second round of de-conclusion of capacity, and we judge that, unlike pre-production, which is mainly based on triple dollars and inefficient hogs, the second round of de-diversion will be more likely to be forced to leave the farm by depleted cash flows, and therefore the rate and extent of de-diversion of capacity is expected to increase. It is expected that the subsequent logbook data will continue to prove the de-diversion trend. The continuing reduction in capacity will further strengthen our 22-year drive.
The company has more than 55 million current production capacity, increasing market ownership, and growing pigs. In terms of fertility, by the end of the year, the company had more than 70 million productive capacity, while at the same time it had been able to do so.
According to the company’s restrictive equity incentive scheme for 2022, the company’s performance in 22/23 was estimated to be 5000/5600, which would allow for high performance growth in the next round of rising prices. And, in the long run, the company’s outstanding operational advantages and cost advantages will greatly help the company further expand its farm capacity in the context of the ongoing process of scalding pig farming and increasing its market ownership.
Figure 16: Steady growth in the stock of pigs in companies, Figure 17: Sustained increase in corporate market ownership
2.4.3 Actively promoting the development of the slaughter business and the creation of a whole industrial chain of pig-breeding, which has been actively extended to downstream slaughter plates, and vigorously building slaughter plants. In 2021, the company massacred 2.89 million pigs.
By the end of 2022, the company’s slaughtering capacity will reach 37 million. In the future, the company is planning to achieve essentially a slaughter capacity for farming in the main farming areas.
We believe that, in keeping with the changing trends in industry, companies are actively promoting the development of slaughter business, actively extending downstream to build a whole-of-business chain that can add value to the value of the slaughtering chain, and, on the one hand, strengthening synergies between the company’s breeding and slaughtering plates, enhancing corporate overall business stability and coping with the effects of the volatility of the pig cycle.
Corporate profit forecasts and investment ratings. The company's main business is now pig-breeding, slaughterhouses are still being built and laid on a continuous basis, with less profitability in the short term, so we are only discussing and predicting the company's pig-breeding business.
We believe that, after 21 years of rapid decline, the prices of raw pigs will remain relatively low for 22 years as a whole, but based on the continuation of the current trend in industrial capacity to degenerate, we judge that the prices of pigs will enter the next cycle of increase, and that the prices of pigs are expected to rise significantly in 23 years. So we anticipate the growth of Eastern financial intelligence.
The company now has a clear cost advantage in our leading pig business, which in the first three quarters of 2021 has already cost 14.05 yuan/kg. In the future, the company will continue to build on its cost advantages, using efficiency savings as its core. We believe that as the company continues to improve its high cost and poor production efficiency and manage its operations, reducing the fragmentation of its farm performance, it is expected to achieve an overall reduction in farm costs.
Farming costs are 14.1/13.1/12.7/kg; piglets cost 350/320/310/head; pigs cost $1650/1350/head. (This is not a cost, not a full cost caliber.) By the end of 21, the company had 2,831,000 pigs that could support more than 55 million future pigs.
In terms of productive capacity, the company has now built more than 70 million live pigs, which can support sustained growth over the next few years. All of them; 28.1/15/350,000; and 117/116/118 kg, respectively, for commodity pigs.
In our view, the value of the company can be measured in two ways: we measure the average market value of the company's head, calculated by the number of pigs born out of the year. From historical data, the average market value of the head of the company is $3271.98 - in terms of the traditional market rate, and in the light of our above-mentioned average market value, we believe that the average market value = the profit per head ×pe
The first two rounds of price increases (first half of 2015 and first half of 2019) were observed, with fluctuations per round. And when pig prices officially opened up, the growth in corporate performance quickly absorbed the pre-period overvalued valuations, which dropped rapidly to around 10x.
Figure 19: Changes in corporate productivity, risks of animal disease, risks of price volatility of live pigs, capacity to degenerate, capacity to expand as expected.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, Shinwon shares (002714).
M.A. in Finance, University of Maryland, United States, joined the East Hing Portfolio in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry, with a focus on the sub-sectors of livestock farming, fodder protection, pet food, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.