The return on the investment is bright, potassium lithium is on the fast track.
Lithium carbonate: q2 sales ring ratio has increased significantly, with significant one-step cost advantages. 2023h1, 1) volume: \triangleright 0.43 million tonnes, ring increase by 52.8% and 711.0%, and sales have improved significantly; 2) price: one ton of untaxed sales
Qiuzu is expected to increase the consumption of materials due to lower q1 temperatures and lower lithium ion concentrations in raw materials; 4) lii: single research assistant, South Snow source
Potassium chloride: The import upswing hit the domestic market, and the price falls. 2023h1 U.S. dollars \triangleright \triangleright, 22.4 per cent lower than the previous year.
Investment earnings: The dragon copper industry releases its capacity to contribute significant investment returns. As the second largest share of the dragon copper industry \triangleright core point: potassium lithium goes to the fast-track for expansion, and investment returns from the dragon copper industry continue to grow. 1) Lithium: Yi
\triangleright Tochar Khan Salt Lake, with 10,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate production capacity, 24% shareholding in the mahjong mine through the Tibetan Youth Fund, 100,000 tons of lithium carbonate production capacity planned for the mahjong Salt Lake, one phase of the 50,000-ton project in 2024
Six months after delivery, the company ' s lithium salt production capacity will be significantly increased to 60,000 tonnes/year. 2) Potassium fertilizer: the country ' s second largest producer of potassium, 2 million tonnes/year at production capacity, two potassium salt mines in 2023 out of the Bureau of Maritime Affairs, Laos, and a total of about 600 million tonnes of chlorinated potassium production capacity.
Investment returns: The second-largest shareholder in the dragon copper industry, with the release of dragons II and III gradually increasing production, is expected to make a significant and sustained contribution to the return on investment. The investment proposal is that, with the decline in lithium prices, the cost advantage of salt lakes is more pronounced, and the company’s potassium lithium production is comparable.
\triangleright fast-expanding, assuming that the company ' s future impact on the increase in the market share of the Mamico mine is not taken into account, we expect the company \triangleright \triangleright
2 Business analysis: the price of potassium lithium has fallen, the market ring for q2 lithium carbonate has been larger and the company has received 1,120 million yuan of lithium carbonate, a decrease of 33.9 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of the fall in the price of lithium salt, and the collection figure: 1,120 million yuan of lithium carbonate has been realized.
Figure 7: Lithium 2023h1 carbonate achieves MK$ 920 million (1) (Lithium carbonate: q2 production ring ratio increased significantly, with a significant one-step cost advantage. 2023h1 (1) Production ring ratio recovered significantly, with 147 tons of lithium carbonate stock as of the end of June 2023; 2) price: Lithium carbonate bill
Ton sales price (excluding taxes) of $230 million, a 34.7 per cent decline in the same year; 3) Ben: 41,000 yuan per ton cost, a 24.2 per cent increase in the same year, mainly due to lower temperatures in q1 and lower levels of lithium ion in raw materials, resulting in increased consumption of materials. Plus, we expect to move gradually into gold production with higher temperatures, with a single ton cost in the first half of the year relative to the first half of the year.
(2) Potassium chloride: imports hit the domestic market, and the price of potassium fertilizer slowed down. According to customs data, 2023h1 of our potassium fertilizer imports increased by 28.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, hitting the domestic market, demand was weak at the bottom of the country, and the price of potassium fertilizer fell in the country.
22.4 per cent year-round, China ' s potassium fertilizer contract price is set as a market price line, with limited scope for decline in the second half of potassium fertilizer; 3) Ben: unit ton cost of $1011, an increase of 3.2 per cent over the same period; 4) Li: single ton of Māori; Figure 18: China ' s potassium fertilizer contract price was set at $307 per ton in 2023
Figure 19: A significant decrease in the ratio of MK$1817 per ton of potassium chloride, with a low debt ratio of sufficient financing space for future expansion projects. The rapid decline in sales costs led to a significant decrease in the ratio of three fees in 2018, with a corresponding decline in the management costs of 2023h1.
24.9 per cent, mainly as a result of the decline in the cost of equity incentives, with little change in the cost of sales and finance, at 5.7 per cent, figure 20: a significant decrease in the cost of companies 3 core points: the simultaneous expansion of potassium lithium and a significant return on the investment of dragons 3
3.1 Lithium: Itochin Haizar Khan, with the resources of Tibetan Salt Lake; Lithium resources of Tharkhan Salt Lake, with the technology to deal with the problems of lithium in very low concentrations of halo-water. Qing Haizar Khan Salt, with the largest storage of lithium resources in the lake, the company owns 724 km2 east of the Blue Hazar Khan Salt Lake railway.
Mine rights, in response to the low level of lithium concentration in Charhan, the company autonomously developed the “simulation of serial adsorption-reverse enrichment, leaching of miscellaneous-mvr enrichment- sodium carbonate sedimentation” process, using a “step-by-step” approach directly to pure battery-grade lithium carbonate, which overcomes the world-class problem of ultra low concentrations of lithium halogen, which is used by its subsidiary, the Tibetan lithium industry, with 10,000 tons of electricity in the process
Carbon production lines are now fully operational, with 23 years of planned overproduction of 2,000 tons, which is ample proof of technological maturity, and there has been a significant increase in the reserves of lithium resources in Tibetan Salt Lake. The company indirectly holds a 24% shareholding in the Memico mine through the Tibetan Youth Fund, and the Memico Salt Lake has an area of 115 square kilometres of mineral rights in the Memicosa Lake, which detects liquid halogenated water.
Lithium reserves in mines are 2.18 million tons lce, magnesium ratio is low, lithium chlorination is above 5645 mg/l, and this is an advantage; the Tibetan Youth Fund intends to acquire 39 per cent of the mining stock of the Tibet State, which holds ownership of Tibetan syllable tea and dragonwood saline lakes, with a combined lithium resource stock of 3.9 million lce and a tea card of 60,000 tons.
Lithium salt conversion expansion project (30,000 tons of industrial-grade lithium hydroxide) was approved by the E.C. in July 23, M.M.M.M.M. (biannual report up to 2023) M. M. M. M. M. M. M. Lake, planning 100,000 tons of lithium salt production capacity, the sword being the first L.O.L. team.
10.000 tons of lithium carbonate in batteries, with no future expansion plans for Charhan; 1 00.000 tons of lithium carbonate production is planned for the lake; the first phase of the environmental evaluation of 50,000 tons is expected to be completed in the first half of 24 years, and the second phase is expected to be completed in 27 years.
In 2024, the company's carbon-acid lithium production will increase to 60,000 tons, to be added to the first Lithium Tilt of Salt Lake.
In February 2023, the company signed an agreement with the Government of Laos for the production of potassium salt in the Bayo and Setany districts.
The exploration agreement, covering an area of about 400 square kilometres, foresees a total of about 600 million tons of resources for potassium chloride, and a phase of a project to plan a capacity of 2 million tons per year for potassium chloride, with a 70 per cent share in the company. At the same time, the company has stocked three parts of the deep halogenated potassium salt mine in the Qinghai cliffs, the Potassium Salt Mine in the Bay of the Wave, the Potassium Salt in the Alpine Hills, the Little Liang Mountain and the Great Wind Mountain region.
Right to prospecting, with a combined surface area of 1,400 square kilometres, currently in the exploratory phase. Figure 25: Global potassium resource storage distribution, 2022, 3.3 copper: second largest shareholder in the dragon copper industry, bright returns on investment
The company, the second largest shareholder in the dragon copper industry, is expected to increase its investment earnings. The company, as the second largest shareholder in the dragon copper industry, is expected to generate 360,000 tons of copper in the year following the second stage of the dragon industry, bringing the total of 600,000 tons of copper in the year after the third phase of the dragon.
The company's main business consists of two major plates, lithium carbonate and potassium chloride, while serving as the second largest share of the dragon copper industry.
East, significant investment gains are expected to continue as copper production increases in the dragon industry. Lithium carbonate operations: 10 million tons of electric carbon in Zalkhan Salt Lake, 50,000 tons of electric carbon in the first phase of the Memazzo Salt Lake project, which is planned to be operational in the first half of 2024, is now 24% of the company’s share penetration, without consideration of future companies
In the context of the increase in the market share of the physiomine, it is assumed that the company sold 1.1, 1.1 and 11,000 tons of lithium carbonate in 2023-2025 and the domestic tax price of lithium carbonate at 25, 20 and 150,000 yuan per ton, respectively, and we expect the public potassium fertilizer business to be two million tons of potassium chloride production in the Salt Lake of Charkhan, with the company taking two in 2023 in Laos.
The annual sales of potassium chloride were 120, 110 and 2.5 million tons, respectively, and the domestic taxes on potassium chloride were 2900 and copper, respectively: in accordance with the production guidelines of the purple gold mining industry, the copper production target for the dragon industry was 152,000 tons in 2023, assuming copper production for the dragon industry in 2023 and 2025, respectively, as the second phase of the dragon copper industry advanced.
The company’s operations cover two major plates of potassium lithium, and we have selected Salt Lake shares, Tianqi Litium, China Mineral Resources, Aryanization Group, and Enduring Materials as comparable companies. The value of the company is slightly higher than that of the company, based on the collection price of 8 August 2023.
The company’s capacity to produce potassium is the second highest in the country and is responsible for food security.
As a result, the company’s ability to produce lithium salt will expand significantly, and the cost of lithium salt will decline, making the cost of lithium salt from the lake even more significant. The ability to produce potassium is expanding at a rapid pace, providing elastic performance growth, assuming that the company’s future capacity will be released gradually without consideration for the Memico project, if the industry’s supply is growing faster than expected, and the demand for new energy vehicles downstream is slowing significantly.
The higher than expected decline in lithium prices could result in the company’s lithium salt business being released less than expected.2 The expansion project is not proceeding as well as expected. The company’s potassium fertilizer business is entering the expansion phase and, if the overseas potassium salt mine and potassium fertilizer project is not proceeding as fast as expected, will affect the company’s potassium fertilizer plate performance.
The project is expected to be operational in the first half of the month of 24th year, and the Division is currently 24% penetrating its shareholdings, which, if the project is not as advanced as expected, will affect the performance contribution of the project.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.