The Great Wall’s Greater Hydrogen Fuel Cells and Car Networks, with one trillion-dollar letters attracting market attention. China’s one-air gas has signed strategic partnerships with 16 banks, including the Bank of Commerce and Industry, the National Development Bank, and has received a total of 1015 billion yuan in intended letters to provide firm guarantees for company development.
The Great Wall has signed a strategic car-connection cooperation agreement with 100%, which will promote the rapid landing of car-connection technology through full cooperation on vehicle-connection technology, content, and ecology.
The Great Wall vehicle signed a memorandum of understanding with H2mobility (the world leading hydrogen plant operator) to provide an additional investment in H2m, augmenting the hydrogen fuel cell car, pay Seonkang Research Assistant Gilly and Dymler for a joint venture in China to provide high-end car travel services. The company is based in Hangzhou, with a 50:50 share ratio.
Type of vehicle: A compact suv pie d80 is officially on the market, with 7 1.2t motors at a price of $7.99 million to $12.59 million in space. Yong-wei I5 is officially on the market, with 1.5l and 1.5t motors, and 9 vehicles at a price of $6.89 million to $11.59 million in space. A public visit is officially on the market, with a total of 10 models.
Current period [Excellent Push]: Upper Gas Group (6001044). Upper Gas Group (600104) Sinda Securities Inc.
The company is an absolute leader in the country’s automobile industry, making the entire chain of cars, spare parts, after-markets, car finance, and other products, such as cindasecuritiesco.ltd. The series of reforms in the career management system, corporate listing, etc. has reshaped the viability of the state enterprise.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side in Beijing City City City City City City City City City, where autonomy has risen, joint ventures have risen. The autonomous boards of Yong Wai/mg, Chase, etc., have risen strongly, and mainstream joint ventures such as those of the general public, upper gas and general Mitsubishi have been growing steadily, guaranteeing the stability of business performance.
3 - Parts and components are growing steadily, leading to a global boost in parts and components. Parts and components are growing steadily, and new energy and intelligence are providing a new and incremental space for parts and components modules. The fleet of vehicles integrates the Jiangsen global interior business, and the company parts and components business is moving towards the global parts and components giant. 4 - Autonomy improves profitability and transforms the services innovation space. Autonomy/mg, Chase, etc.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Autonomous business continues its strong rise, and the product structure optimizes the contribution of joint ventures. We expect companies to share internationally mature cars from 2018 to 2020, with mature leaders demonstrating their growth potential, and we maintain the company’s “growth” rating.
Joint venture stability guarantees the growth potential of the mature leader of self-emerging. " 20180503 Stewardship Stewardship and Growth Guarantee " , " Stewardship " , " Stewardship of Stewardship " , " Stewardship of Stewardship " , " Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship " , " Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship " , "Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship " , "Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship " , "Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship " , "Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship " .
In June 2017, he joined the CSVS and became a member of the CSCP-restricted securities advisory business. This report was produced and published by the CSV.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.