Sindha’s brilliant thrust on the industry: the new power of car-making is moving fast, and industrial intelligence is moving ahead in an orderly manner. Wilma’s vehicle and the Chinese Towers have signed a strategic cooperation agreement, and both sides will cooperate in the use of battery gradients, battery recovery, etc., to promote the sustainable development of a green, intelligent economy.
A partnership agreement was signed with Hunan Province for the launch of the Unmanned Taxi Operation Service in the new district of Sanjiang, with a fleet of 100 vehicles to reach 100 in 2019. A new Thai car intelligence system was launched, relying on a super-id and two basic technologies to form a complete, closed service system.
One red flag publishes a new technology brand - r. flauu 'Cunt', focusing on four major strategic plans, namely, the "Farm Project", "Flag Project" and "Flame Five Experiences" and "Flag Project".
Type of vehicle: Long Ancs35plus is officially on the market, with 8 vehicles, with 1.6l engines, at a price of US$ 6.9 million to US$ 10.4 million in the sale area. The new type of vehicle is filled with 1.5t, 1.5tgdi and 2.0tdgi motors, at a price of US$ 998,000 to US$ 14.9 million in the sale area.
Current period [Excellent Push]: Upper Gas Group (6001044). Upper Gas Group (600104) Sinda Securities Inc.
The company is an absolute leader in the country's automobile industry, making the entire chain of cars, spare parts, after-markets, car finance, and so on.
A series of reforms, such as the system of career managers, corporate listings, etc., have reshaped the country’s corporate dynamism. 2. Autonomy rises, joint ventures are smooth escorts. Autonomy/mg, Chase, etc.
3 - Parts and components are growing steadily, leading to a global boost in parts and components. Parts and components are growing steadily, and new energy and intelligence are providing a new and incremental space for parts and components modules. The fleet of vehicles integrates the Jiangsen global interior business, and the company parts and components business is moving towards the global parts and components giant. 4 - Autonomy improves profitability and transforms the services innovation space. Autonomy/mg, Chase, etc.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Autonomous business continues its strong rise, and the product structure optimizes the contribution of joint ventures. We expect companies to share internationally mature cars from 2018 to 2020, with mature leaders demonstrating their growth potential, and we maintain the company’s “growth” rating.
Joint venture stability guarantees the growth potential of the mature leader of self-emerging. " 20180503 Stewardship Stewardship and Growth Guarantee " , " Stewardship " , " Stewardship of Stewardship " , " Stewardship of Stewardship " , " Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship " , " Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship " , "Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship " , "Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship " , "Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship " , "Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship " .
In June 2017, he joined the CSVS and became a member of the CSCP-restricted securities advisory business. This report was produced and published by the CSV.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.