In November, the sales rounder improved, and the year-on-year increase was challenged in December, with the same base being higher, and the same year-on-year increase in vehicle sales by the upper gas group decreased significantly in the current month; however, the sales were significantly better than last month, when the upper gas group increased sales by 42,000.
In the third quarter, the company was affected by rising oil prices, adverse trading expectations, and the company and the whole.
The decline in automobile sales in one industry was significant, and four quarters of the year, while the rate of growth remained negative, the improvement in the ring ratio became a trend. While there will be promotional activities at the end of the year, the year-on-year increase will continue to be under pressure and expected to continue with the improvement in the ring.
Autonomous branding was good and product structure continued to improve. 63,000 vehicles were sold in November, an increase of 16.5 per cent in November, and 632,000 vehicles in January-November, an increase of 35.3 per cent in the current month.
The highest volume of auto autonomous sales, the continued heat sales of rx5, which guarantee upper gas competition in the area of suv; and the new breakthrough in ei5 sales on board the zebra system, which is the core of the current process of auto autonomy "divide" .
Upper Steam Group (600104.sh): Short-term upscaling, improved product structure, higher ups and ups and ups and ups and ups will continue to be good. General overall underperformance, Cadillac better.
Upwinding group (600104.sh): a small increase in sales, autonomy, 181,000 GVAs in November, a year-on-year increase of 16.8%. Ring growth - Upwinding group (60010404): same sales, ring-on-one lead
1.4% was affected by oil prices, the cut-off axle, and Buick's overall sales fell, leading to poor overall sales of brand names. Chevran and Cadillac continued to grow strongly, partly evaporating the impact of the drop in Buick's sales.
Costers are rejuvenating, and Cadillac sales are expected to grow rapidly. Mass performance is stable, and profits are expected to continue. 198,000 vehicles were sold in November, an increase of 3.3 per cent in the same year and 10.2 per cent in the ring.
This month’s downward trend in oil prices has led, to some extent, to a shift in economic demand towards durable demand, with a rise in Germany’s growth rate. Overall, the upswings have been more stable, with a cumulative sales volume of 1697,000 vehicles in January-November, an increase of 1.82% compared to the previous year, contributing to the company’s profits.
The upper-mortality autonomous brands are strong, the joint venture brands are excellent, the short-term upswings are long-term, the autonomous brand markets are not as open as expected, and the prices of raw materials are rising.