Performance grew steadily, with the flagship effect becoming more pronounced, and sales continued to grow steadily, with the flagship effect becoming more apparent. In the first three quarters of 2018, companies achieved a full-car sales of 5,140,000 vehicles, an increase of 6.74 per cent compared to the previous quarter, which continued to grow faster than the average market growth rate, and the vanguard effect of the automobile market continued to be more pronounced.
Research and development can help improve autonomy and sustain a strong rise. To benefit from the concept of a new smart network, an autonomous new vehicle can help rise strongly. \triangleright, \triangleright, \triangleright, j6, , , , , , , , ,                                                                .
R & D inputs, new smart grids powered sovmarvelx is officially on the market, and autonomous business is an important growth space for companies.
New cars like \triangleright and other heavy-pound vehicles are helping the population to grow steadily. \xt4, gl6, wilang, etc., promote high general-voltage growth, and new vehicles like 530 and 360 are put into the market to guarantee the growth of the Mitsubishi plate.
\triangleright Profit Forecasts and Ratings: Autonomy continues its strong rise and product structure optimizes the contribution of joint ventures. We expect the company to show its growth potential at the top of each share in 2018-2020, and we maintain the company's “upper” rating.
Risk factors: significant downside risks in the automobile market; less advanced emerging business than expected; more than anticipated risks in industrial policy changes. \triangleright Sindh Securities Inc.
Itd is published in famous European-American journals, such as those published in Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, City Street, 9th Hall, 9th Street, offuresmarkets, reportofportfoliomanage, journalftraining, etc.
The report is produced and published by the CVM. The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVS and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. The report is available only to specific customers mentioned above.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.