The securities newtimesecrities have been under pressure for three quarters, and operations have remained robust for a long time.
— The three-quarterly review of the upper-mortality group (600104.sh) was influenced by the downside of the car market, and the three-quarter pressure was higher: $8,691 million in profits, a slight increase of 0.12 per cent over the same period. The third-quarter drop was higher than expected, including in September.
A narrow range of 1.95 million vehicles, a decrease of 13.2% from the same year, displaying a “gold nine” scene, has put greater pressure on individual firms. Companies’ aggregate sales in the last three quarters have remained at a similar rate of 6.74%, significantly better than the industry, reflecting the advantages of wide vehicle coverage and high brand recognition.
In the third quarter of 2018, steam autonomy continued to grow at a faster pace, with a cumulative increase of 40.88% in the previous three quarters.
Premiums; car types like Marvelx and i5 are representative products associated with auto-owned smart networks, with better feedback from the city, which are expected to boost sales in the fourth quarter. Joint venture brands are influenced more by consumer confidence in the city, and sales in September are under pressure, but the previous three quarters have been growing steadily.
• The “new quadrupling” strategy remains a long-term growth driver: the company’s “new quadrupling” layout in 2018 is moving faster than expected and has been on the market in the second half of the year.
In the Autonomous Motors model, the development of the smart web network was carried out, and the market was initially confirmed in terms of the volume of sales. The construction of a new energy car factory for the public was now under way, and it will launch a meb platform, an electric car, which will also mark the formal addition of new energy to the joint venture brand, looking at the next phase of the company's new energy vehicle.
• Keeping a “recommended” rating: “Performance with expectations, new vehicles are still waiting”
Low-mortality companies show strong market competitiveness, and a strong momentum of autonomous brands is expected to boost the momentum of new energy cars and stable levels of Maori.
The annual net return profit for the company was $374.8/422,344.417 billion, pers