Upper Steam Group (600104): Quarterly harvests fell due to industry, research and development inputs continued to be added up, companies issued three-quarter reports in 2018, and companies realized operating income of 67,474.1 million yuan in the previous three quarters, an increase of 10.97 per cent in the same year, and business profits of $43,328 million.
• A three-quarter drop in corporate revenue on a year-on-year basis, as a result of the domestic car market. Against the background of the weakness of the domestic car market in the three-quarters, the cumulative volume of stock sales achieved by firms in the three-quarters was 1,665 million, a decline of 1.23 per cent from the same period.
This is mainly due to the decline in joint venture sales, with the general public, the upper gas, the general Mitsubishi three-quarter sales falling by 1.27 per cent, 3.65 per cent and 5.08 per cent, respectively. • The company’s Māori ratio is stable, and research and development inputs continue to increase.
(a) Interest rate was 13.90 per cent, stable by 0.71 percentage points for the same year and increased by 0.71 percentage points for the same year;
As a result of the consolidation of visual reporting in China and the increased investment in autonomous brands, new energy sources and smart networks, by the end of the third quarter, corporate R & D investment has accelerated this year with a “new quadrupling” of business patterns.
With the input, the company has completed the layout of key technologies and products such as the “three power” core technology, high-power fuel cell reactors, and has worked up and down the industrial chain with the Ninder era, the British Flying Stone joint venture; and in wisdom.
In terms of connectivity, the company has developed an intelligent driving decision controller, iescu, and has made breakthroughs in such areas as high-precision maps, v2x motor network communications; in terms of sharing, the global car has entered 62 cities and the home has reached 118 countries.
At the same time, the company has started a full-scale rollout around travel-related gold, and the ubi innovation insurance, and the Ange lease, among others. In terms of internationalization, the Thai base, the Indian base, Indonesia, etc.
The base is moving well, with uplifting in Thailand in the first half of the year, selling 12,000, and the marketing of mgzs for four months is a local breakdown of the market volume of marvelx, which is expected to stimulate the spontaneous purchase of pure electric power by car.
The former company's brand-new electric motor vehicle, Marvelx, is officially on the market, and the two models are subsidized and sold at a cost of $26999,000 and $3088,000, respectively. The new model carries the newest version of the zebra mind system, aipilot, anar enhancement technology, etc.
The multi-tech configuration, which allows the final company to park autonomously, is extremely attractive in terms of shape, configuration and value for money, promising to become a car bust, and promotes consumer enthusiasm to buy a pure electric car spontaneously.
With excellent performance, the new quadruple layout continues to grow, new energy automobile sales are rising, and, against a background of low growth in the domestic automobile industry, companies will benefit from the industrial dividends of increased market concentration as a leader. We maintain the company's “precautiousness”
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.