The company released its September sales data, producing 578,500 vehicles in September 2018, a cumulative increase of 4.58 per cent in the same month, $5.15 million in the month of January-September, which is in line with expectations, and challenges the pace of growth in October
In the second half of the year, the traffic market was not encouraging, owing to the fall in tariffs, the fall in new energy subsidies and the uncertainty of economic expectations. The Federation published the sale of 1.9 million vehicles in September, a comparison.
In general, the month of September to January was the year in which the sale of motor vehicles was on the rise, with a higher base during the same period, and the year in which the sales of motor vehicles increased by the same amount. Against this background, the upper gas group experienced -8.2 per cent of the increase in sales by the same year, which was largely in line with expectations.
The upper gas group produced less than sales in August, again below sales in September, and the channel is in the process of going to stock, confirming the assumption that the industry is under pressure to grow. We believe that the upper gas group is still likely to have a negative increase in sales in October.
Autonomous brands are well developed, and the product structure continues to improve, with 52,000 vehicles sold in September, an increase of 4% over the same year, which is better than the negative growth of autonomous brands announced by the Association.
Up-loading group (600104.sh): A small increase in sales, autonomy, 40.88% more than ever. Up-loading car sales, two brands of glory, mg, and a large proportion of auto group (60010404): equal sales, ring-back lead.
At about 2:1, the best three cars sold were Rhex 5, mgzs, mg6, which represented about 30%, industry, which heralded the emergence of the age of tap growth with 2018-6-8 product glory marvelx at entry level suv. and mid-high end super-drive power suv.
With a better product structure, better brand competitiveness, and now a good reputation for new products, the US has recalled, with short-term pains and long-term improvements, up by 2.2% from the same year, and up-scaling has been on the same page for five months as of September.
The overall underselling was caused by the Buick brand, Ankola, and the three-cylinder engines. Chevran and Cadillac continued to grow strongly, partly evaporating the impact of the drop in Buick.
By the time of the Fourth of July, 3.32 million vehicles had been recalled by the General Air Force to solve the safety risks of the break-axis by means of the solution of the split arm liner with a fixed device. The issue of the general break-axis was long-standing, and this large-scale recall was intended to completely address security concerns, improve product design, and upgrade.
In the short term, it may have had a negative impact on profits this year, but in the long run, generic brands are better. The virtues are stable, and they are expected to make a sustained profit.
In September, 18.8 million vehicles were sold to the public, a rise of 14%. The general public dropped more this month, but the Scot brand grew better and contributed more. The popular-Audi brand has a good reputation and user base in the country, a large crowd in the car, and a very high sales volume in Pasadet.
The period has been kept at the forefront, with a view to running a joint venture, suv, and a power-infused hybrid version of l, which has also begun to anticipate a strong auto group ownership brand, a good joint venture brand, a short-term upswing and a long-term turnaround, an unexplored market for autonomous brands, and an increase in raw materials.