A steady growth in performance, with a new cycle that allows for a three-quarterly review of the Steam Group (6001044).
The company issued a performance announcement for the third quarter of 2018, in which it achieved operating income of $67,474 million during the reporting period, representing an increase of 10.97 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the net profit attributable to the parent company of $27,670 million, an increase of 12.3 per cent over the same period, with a basic gain of $2.369 per share, an increase of 11.64 per cent over the same period.
In the first three quarters, the company achieved $6,744 billion, a billion-dollar increase of 0.83 per cent and a net return to the mother of $8,690 million, a 0.12 per cent increase. The company’s performance slowed.
In the second half of the year, a compact suv-tharu will be on the market, and a small suvt-cross will be released, expected to be on the market in 19 years, and will compete with autonomous brands in the lower-middle suv market. We believe that the share of mass suv sales in the future will increase significantly.
A small increase in sales. We believe that when the new car is marketed, the upper mass will be able to keep the domestic car market in 2019 with a strong product cycle, and the upper bus 3-cylinder will be eliminated, with 19-year product cycles expected. In the first half of the year, the upper gas will be affected by the three-cylinder machine, and the best-selling model will be sold in the first half of the year \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
There has been a sharp decline, starting in July, with a gradual recovery in sales and consumer approval for the three-cylinder machine. In 2018, new cars will be launched with fewer vehicles, and in 2019 they will enter the product year, with nine new cars, including brand new car types such as those introduced in Cadillac, brand brand brands new suv and Buick brand replacements, and we expect a significant increase in general vehicle sales from 2019 to 2020.
Autonomous brands have seen a negative growth in the use of motor vehicles. With a sharp drop in the volume of automobiles in the third quarter, the volume of cars on board has increased by 17.5% on a year-on-year basis, with a cumulative increase of 40.9% in the previous three quarters, and the competitiveness of autonomous brands has gradually increased, and the monthly sales of new motor vehicles on board have increased by more than 10,000 vehicles, most of which are vehicles. With i5-type vehicles on the market, the number of cars on board is Internet-based.
With the pre-eminence of new energy vehicles, future sales are expected to continue at a relatively high rate. \triangleright, we believe that corporate sales and performance will continue to outpace industry and maintain a “recommended” rating.
Yang Jom, head of the basic chemical industry group, nine years of experience in the securities industry, is good at understanding the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, directly or indirectly related to Cho's specific recommendations or views.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.