The share of the market has risen steadily, and the year-round performance targets are still expected to meet the expected growth in the first three quarters, and the subsidiaries have shown strong net profits.
The growth in corporate performance in the previous three quarters was largely in line with our previous expectations, and was driven mainly by: (i) the continued loss of autonomous brand brands due to the hot sale of vehicles such as Rong Weirx5 and Monsignor 6; and (ii) the continued loss of self-employed brands.
The strong growth in joint brand sales, such as the upper gas public and the upper gas utility, has contributed to a steady return; (3) after the acquisition of the Shanghai miniscule by the subsidiary, the original 50 per cent equity generated a one-time premium to be added to the current investment return (6.13 per cent over the same period).
Short-term performance is under downward pressure as a result of the decline in the industry’s production climate. q3 quarter growth in corporate performance was significantly slower than in the first two quarters of the year. In terms of sales performance in the single quarter, according to the Central Air Association, q3 domestic vehicle sales amounted to 6.8665 million vehicles, a decline of 6.99 per cent, and company sales 16.62 million.
This is a 1.45% decline over the industry average. Given the high sales base that were driven by the forecast of the withdrawal of the acquisition tax preferences at the end of last year, and the negative effects of the shrinking wealth of the population (affected by the decline in stock markets, buildings), the intensification of trade between the US and China (the consumer’s strong currency-visibility attitude), and the successive rise in oil prices (the rising cost of automobile use)
In January-September, the company achieved a full percentage of the car, and it reached an all-time high.
Automobile sales increased by 40.88 per cent over the same period, continuing the high increase since 2016.
2.99% long) and 1,443 million (5.30% higher than in the previous year) continued to grow more robustly. Formerly upper-mortality groups: autonomy and joint ventures, with performance growth expected to result in a higher volume of q4 sales (in 2016, 2017, q4 sales as a proportion of total annual sales)
Upwind group: Landing in partnership with Audi, product structure and surplus completion of annual sales and collection targets should be a approximate event. Upper steam group: good performance in autonomous and joint ventures, sustained sales
The net asset yields are 16.1%, 15.7% and 16.0%, respectively. As industry leaders, the company is owned by upper-mortality groups: performance growth is steady, red-renovation is high, leading cards and technological advantages are expected to offset downside risks in some sectors, thus reversing the market share, while medium- and long-term performance remains the same.
It is hoped that this will continue to increase steadily, so we maintain a rating of the company's “buy-in-a” investment. Uploading group: joint ventures and autonomous resonance, with performance growth in line with figure 3: Māori rates and net interest rates for the company over the last five years
Figure 4: Three cost ratios for companies for the last five years Summary of forecast and valuation data for financial statements