Sindha’s brilliant push for industry points: a full-blown push for new energy, and a deep-rooted industrial restructuring. By the time of the year, all new energy vehicles were used.
Xingxi Province issued a plan to manage the construction of the power supply infrastructure, encouraging oil (gas) operators in the province to use the fuel (gas) station support service area to build additional charger facilities, subject to safety requirements; at least one fast charge station should be built for every 2,000 electric vehicles; Jianghua cars were upgraded in collaboration with the public cars, and a platform for electric vehicles was developed to introduce the Siyat brand in 2021.
Toyota's 15 per cent share at $29.23.According technology has issued a class 1-3 autopilot programme, including anmopilot 3.0, an autopilot system level 3.0, anmodcu 3.0 and imo.
Hightower has set up a $100 million venture capital fund that invests mainly in the start-up enterprise for technological development of the ai, with a focus on auto-driving, machine-man, and machine-learning platform development. Upstream General Finance Leasing Ltd. is officially operational, providing vehicle finance rental products and services, and promoting second-hand vehicle business development.
Volkswagen and Leather set up the largest free car charging network in the United Kingdom, where they worked together to install 2,500 charging stations in 600 entertainment supermarket parking lots, officially listed with 2.07 and 3.07 engines. New Coregar East was listed with $13.98 million to $19.480 million in sale space.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The company is an absolute leader in the country’s automobile industry, making the entire chain of products, such as whole cars, spare parts, post-markets, automobile finance, etc. Reforms in the professional management system, corporate listing, etc.
Autonomy rises and joint ventures take a smooth lookout. Autonomy/mg, Chase, etc. Autonomous plates rise strong, and mainstream joint ventures such as Volkswagen, Volkswagen and General Mitsubishi are growing steadily, guaranteeing stable business performance.3 Parts and components are growing steadily, reaching the top of global spare parts. Parts and components operations are growing steadily, and new energy and intelligence are providing new and incremental space for spare parts modules.
Car integrates Jiangsen’s global interior business, and the company’s parts and components are moving toward the world’s large parts and components.4 Autonomy improves profitability and transforms the space for service innovation. Autonomy rises such as glory/mg, Chase, etc., continue to improve corporate profitability.
We expect the company to grow at every speed from 2018 to 2020, and we maintain the company’s “growth potential” rating. The joint-venture stability guarantees the growth potential of the mature leader of autonomous rises, and the autogroups (6001044), with strong ownership, have a strong focus on stable growth.
Carfine, auto industry research assistant, serving leading car manufacturers such as upper gas group, Gilly automobiles, seven years of strategic research, market research, product planning work, and the incorporation in June 2017 of Sinda securities.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.