The pressure in the car market has highlighted the fact that no change to the company's flagship status has been made in the three-quarterly review of the company's performance report for the third quarter of 2018, with a net return profit of 276.72 achieved in the first three quarters.
Heung Soo Yo, Li Jiangtao, 100 million yuan, 0.8 per cent, Ring 7 per cent, q3 net profit from non-repatriation of 8058 million yuan, same
The net cash flow from quarterly operations was $29.3 billion, mainly due to an increase in current clients ' loans and advances from upper-air finance companies compared to the same period last year, and a decrease in the amount of clients ' deposits absorbed in the current period compared to the same period last year. R&D costs in the first three quarters amounted to $9.4 billion, an increase of $2.3 billion over the same period, which was the main increase.
The reason is that: one company ' s subsidiary, Chinese-domain automobiles, has increased research and development expenditure in the current period due to the integration of Chinese vision into the consolidated statements; and two companies have further increased their autonomous branding products and new energy sources, smart networks, 29 October 2018
In the first three quarters of the year, the company sold 51,466 thousand vehicles, or +6.74% of the year, at a rate of 4.5 times the market average. In the first three quarters of the year, 509,000 vehicles were sold in September, or +41% of the year.
The volume of vehicles sold was 151.66, corresponding to +2.99 per cent, the total number of vehicles sold in upper gas was 14,343,000, or +5.3 per cent, and the total number of vehicles sold in upper gas was 1,527,000, or +0.96 per cent. The company ' s share in the market was 25.12 per cent in January-September, an increase of 1.3 pct in the same year, and the industry ' s decline was reversed.
Smart interconnections, car finance, time rentals, car electricians, core parts such as igbt, etc., are actively laid out to create car circulators. Profit predictions and investment proposals: maintain a “carefully recommended” rating.
In 2019, the stock logic was chosen. In view of this, it was better to choose the high rate of dividends, high growth certainty, and high risk-resistant blue-share bottom-stacks, such as the above-mentioned gas, the historical data show a weak cycle behind the “market index” benchmark of this rating system, which is 300 index depths.
This report is presented independently and objectively to the extent that you know it. It clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.