The State Department issued a Circular on Certain Measures to Support Deepening Reform and Innovation in the Free Trade Trial Zone, which explicitly supports parallel import insurance warehousing operations in pilot cars in the Free Trade Trial Area.
The Ministry of Industry and Communications announced its intention to withdraw the list of new-energy vehicle models, which are exempt from tax on vehicle purchases, covering companies such as Jianghuai, Biadi, and others. Devoui, Nvidia, and Pioneer signed a tripartite cooperation agreement to develop a level-I3 auto-drive technology adapted to China’s transport environment and driving landscape.
Bo has signed a tripartite cooperation agreement with Shanghai Economic Development Group Ltd. and the Hong Kong Industrial Area to invest $3.5 billion to build a new production base in Hong Kong.
The production base will be launched in 2020, with a design capacity of 100,000 vehicles. Motion: Tesla China announced a 12-26% reduction in the full-size vehicle model. North Volvo 407ev is officially on the market at a price of $109.98 million. The Wall is officially on the market.
In December, Urees 6 will be on schedule and the new vehicle will be positioned in a pure electric five medium subs. [Excellently] Current period: Up-bond group (600104.sh). Upper-bond group (6001044).
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The company is an absolute leader in the country’s automobile industry, making the entire chain of cars, spare parts, after-markets, automobile finance, and so forth.
Autonomy rises and joint ventures take a smooth lookout. Autonomy/mg, Chase, etc. Autonomous plates rise strong, and mainstream joint ventures such as Volkswagen, Volkswagen and General Mitsubishi are growing steadily, guaranteeing stable business performance.3 Parts and components are growing steadily, reaching the top of global spare parts. Parts and components operations are growing steadily, and new energy and intelligence are providing new and incremental space for spare parts modules.
Car integrates Jiangsen’s global interior business, and the company’s parts and components are moving toward the world’s large parts and components.4 Autonomy improves profitability and transforms the space for service innovation. Autonomy rises such as glory/mg, Chase, etc., continue to improve corporate profitability.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Autonomous business continues its strong rise, and the product structure optimizes the contribution of joint ventures. We expect the company to spread at every speed between 2018 and 2020, with a stable leader showing growth potential, and we maintain a corporate “growth” rating.
Carfine, auto industry research assistant, serving leading car manufacturers such as upper gas group, Gilly automobiles, seven years of strategic research, market research, product planning work, and the incorporation in June 2017 of Sinda securities.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.