On October 11th, 2018,
The company released the September sales data, which resulted in the sale of 61.07 million vehicles in September, a 8.2 per cent decline in the same year, with the vehicle market weakening in September, a 8 per cent decline in the same year, a 15.6 per cent increase in the dosage, a 6.74 per cent increase in the dosage group, a 6.07 per cent increase in the cumulative sales in January-September and a 61.07 million in September, a 8 per cent decline in the same year.
Le Giangtao is high, and the same data shows a poor performance. Of this number, the upper gas population sold 188,000 vehicles in September, compared to the same number, so0340111110042.
In September, the sales volume of the upper gas utility Mitsubishi was 17.16 million, a decline of 10 per cent in the same year, a rise of 17.9 per cent in the ring, a cumulative increase of 0.96 per cent in January-September, and 52,000 in September, an increase of 4 per cent in the same ring, a significant slowdown in the cumulative increase of 40.88 per cent in the January-September period.
The company’s cumulative sales in January-September have expanded in reverse. In addition, the company has been active in such areas as smart interconnections, car finance, time rentals, car electricians, core parts, such as igbt, etc., and has created car eco-circles as a result of the acquisition of tax concessions.
Exit, market concerns about macroeconomics, p2p, and so on, have led to weak car-market consumption, and the build-up of steam groups, which are expected to benefit from their powerful channels, purchases, brands, R & D, and technology, is expected to continue to expand in reverse. Now, it is vital to find certainty of performance in a vulnerable industry, with the leading share more resilient to risk.
In view of this, it would be better to choose a blue pool with a high rate of dividends, high growth certainty, high risk resistance, and historical data show that the blue pool relative gains are chosen in the context of a weak cycle
Audi's collaboration to usher in a new development - 20180628 The upper gas group (6001044), June sales rating: joint ventures performed smoothly and autonomously sustained high growth
Biannual review of upper-mortality groups (600104): Table: Summary Table of Company Profit Forecasts
This report is presented independently and objectively, and within the limits of knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.