The BMW’s increased joint-venture share is much better than its landing, and the policy environment for electric vehicles is much better. The Executive Office of the State Council issued a three-year action plan to promote transport restructuring (2018-2020), which calls for greater use of new energy cities for the distribution of vehicles.
By 2020, more than 50 per cent of new energy vehicles and clean energy vehicles that meet the country ' s six emission standards and 80 per cent of priority areas were added to new and upgraded light logistics vehicles in urban built-up areas; Beijing issued the guidelines for the award of incentives for the performance appraisal of electric vehicles for the operation of public charging facilities; and conducted daily and annual reviews of the operation of public charging stations for society, respectively, with good maintenance throughout the year.
BMW's acquisition of shares in China's joint venture and the company's intention to buy 25% of BMW's shares at $29 billion. If the acquisition is completed, BMW will hold 75% of the joint venture.
In conjunction with Audi, the two parties announced that they would cooperate further in the area of smart network cars and jointly develop a class-I4 autopilot. In order to sign a strategic cooperation agreement with Botaire, the two sides will provide more advanced vehicle networking software and cloud platforms for the global and Chinese markets, combining their respective channels, technology, products, and ecological advantages.
The bus type: 2019 cr-v are officially on the market at a price of US$ 16,98 million to US$ 27,768,000. The new car is officially named “Gamen” as published by the mpv official chart. Bek 2019 thugl6 is officially on the market. The sale price range is US$ 1,419,000 to US$ 16,899.
Current period [Excellent Push]: Upper Steam Group (600104).
The company is an absolute leader in the domestic automobile industry, making the entire chain of cars, spare parts, after-markets, automobile finance, etc.
A series of reforms, such as the system of career managers, corporate listings, etc., have reshaped the country’s corporate dynamism. 2. Autonomy rises, joint ventures are smooth escorts. Autonomy/mg, Chase, etc.
3 - Parts and components are growing steadily, leading to a global boost in parts and components. Parts and components are growing steadily, and new energy and intelligence are providing new and incremental space for parts and components modules. The auto is integrating the Jiangsen global interior business, and the company parts and components business is moving towards the global parts and components giants. 4 - Autonomy improves profitability and transforms the services innovation space.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Autonomous business continues its strong rise, and the product structure optimizes the contribution of joint ventures. We expect companies to share internationally mature cars from 2018 to 2020, with mature leaders demonstrating their potential for growth, and we maintain corporate “growth” ratings.
Joint venture stability guarantees the growth potential of the mature leader of self-emerging. " 20180503 Stewardship Stewardship and Growth Guarantee " , " Stewardship " , " Stewardship of Stewardship " , " Stewardship of Stewardship " , " Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship " , " Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship " , "Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship " , "Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship " , "Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship " , "Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship of Stewardship " .
In June 2017, he joined the CSVS and became a member of the CSCP-restricted securities advisory business. This report was produced and published by the CSV.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.