The impact of the three-cylinder engine is slowing down because the company released the September sales data, and the company produced 57,850 cars in September 2018.
The \triangleright ring ratio rose by 13.47%. In January-September 2018, the upper gas group cumulatively produced 5.172 million vehicles, an increase of 4.58% over the same period, and the cumulative sale of 5.1466 million vehicles, an increase of 11.94% over the same period.
Multiple factors have led to a slowdown in the same rate of production and sales in September, but they are still better than the big market. We've analysed the volume of sales \triangleright holiday, which has resulted in consumer demand being squeezed; 3) higher housing prices in some parts of the country have squeezed part of the car.
Purchase demand; 4) persistent increases in oil prices, among other factors, poor performance in the passenger car market; 5) motor vehicle market data: 15 October 2018 shift in consumption structure and higher-quality automobiles received more attention.
A slight increase, with the company’s monthly sales increasing at a faster rate than in the industry, has continued, with thousands of vehicles, down by 14.70 per cent from the previous month, falling again from the previous month, and a cumulative sale of 5.1466 million vehicles, an increase of 11.94 per cent from the previous month.
This year, the base figure was higher. But by ring ratio, it benefits from brand effects. Basic data: 30 June 2018 \triangleright
The volume of sales of the model was not as high as expected, and the same rate of increase was somewhat affected in September. The volume of sales increased significantly compared to the same period in the past year between Junwei (+46.9 per cent) and Cadillac (+24.8 per cent).
Tens of thousands (year-on-year +95 per cent) with a cumulative sales of 50,91 million (year-on-year +40.88 per cent). The overall slowdown in sales of suv has resulted in an overall performance of the vehicle fleet, but still wins the market, with a larger increase in sales of mg.
\triangleright, 28th floor of ITC a, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, 8.93/7/92/7.46 times, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
There is a risk that the automobile industry will be less favourable than expected and that the volume of automobile sales will not be as high as expected.The company or its associated institutions may, if legally permitted, hold or trade securities or investment objects issued by listed companies referred to in this report and may also provide or seek to provide investment banks or investment funds for such companies.
According to company announcements, in September 2018, the upper gas group produced 57,850 vehicles, a decrease of 13.08 per cent, the ring growth of 15.81 per cent and the sale of 61.07 million vehicles, a decrease of 8.93 per cent.
In January-September 2018, the upper-mortality group produced 5.172 million vehicles, an increase of 4.58 per cent over the same period, and the cumulative sale of 5.1466 million vehicles, an increase of 11.94 per cent over the previous month. The rate of increase in production and sales slowed considerably compared to the previous month, but the share of the company ' s accumulated sales was still the highest in the industry.
The reason for the overall decline is the following: (a) September 2017, the base of production and sales was higher than in September 2017.
High, 2-and-mid-autumn, together with the national holiday, resulted in consumption demand being squeezed, 3-and-a-part housing prices were squeezing part of the demand for automobiles, 4-and the continuing rise in oil prices were among the factors that led to poor performance in the car market. 5- and the transformation of car consumption structures, with more attention to high-quality cars.
Figure 2: Automobile production per month (%, 10,000)
Figure 7: Corporate and industry cumulative output increase by the same rate (%): upper and upper group vehicle aggregate sales (%, 10,000) Figure 9: Corporate and industry aggregate sales by the same rate (%)
The upper-air mass is less performing and the upper-air passenger vehicle is growing faster, and the upper-air group’s subsidiary’s output varies considerably according to the subsidiary’s calibre, with: 1) the upper-air mass (up-air mass car company, Inc.) having achieved a sales volume of 18.8 million in September.
This is a decline of 14.70%, a further decline from the previous month, with a cumulative sales of 1,116.6 million, an increase of 2.99% over the previous month. We believe that this is mainly due to the end of the acquisition tax profit last September, which led to a higher base figure last year, which is weaker this year.
The overall performance of the vehicle model has been steady and gradual. Figure 11: Cumulative sales of the upper-air subsidiary 2) and the upper-air utility (uploaded general-purpose car company, Inc.) reached 18.26 million in September, with the same number of vehicles sold in the same month.
This is a decline of 2.22 per cent, and the same rate of increase has continued to pick up; the cumulative volume of 143.43 million vehicles, the same rate of increase, has continued to fall down to 5.30 per cent. In July-August, the general purpose of the upper gas was partly sold on three-cylinder motors, which was less than expected, and the same rate of increase, which was slightly reduced in September.
The period has seen a greater increase in sales than in sales of Junwei (+46.9%) and Cadillac (+24.8%). The overall slowdown in sales of suv has affected the overall performance of the vehicle fleet, but still wins the market, and the increase in sales of mg has contributed more.
The company, as the leading driver in the car industry, has a clear technological advantage, brand sales have steadily increased, and the market share has been a long way ahead of the industry. In September 2018, as a result of the industry’s influence, the company’s overall sales were underperforming, but still outperforming the industry as a whole, with short-term pressure, but the company’s vehicle pattern was overtaken.
The proliferation of new industries, such as new energy vehicles and smart cars, and joint ventures and autonomous ventures have advanced together, and positive domestic and overseas deployments have provided companies with a high level of security margins. The automobile industry has a less-than-expected outlook; and automobile sales have fallen short of expectations.