The company published three quarterly reports in 2018, with a total gross operating income of $674.74 billion in the first three quarters, which is an increase over the previous year.
11.0 per cent long, with net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies amounting to $27,670 million, an increase of 12.3 per cent over the same period; and a steady increase in performance, as expected. In 2018, the car market continued to divide, leading shares continued to rise, company-owned joint ventures and brand new products continued, sales and profits grew steadily.
Down the line, the company’s sales and performance outperformed the industry, showing greater resistance to risk. The company’s performance increased steadily and performed better than that of the industry. The company’s sales of 5,1407,000 vehicles in the previous three quarters grew by 6.7 per cent compared to the previous quarter, exceeding the industry’s growth rate of 5.2 percentage points, with the city’s share steadily rising.
Volkswagen, upper-air, upper-air passenger cars, upper-gas-based Mitsubishi sales increased by 3.0 per cent, 5.3 per cent, and there was a slight decline in usage, with 32.5 per cent in R & D costs, mainly as a result of increased input from the original miniature, autonomous brands, and smart networks.
However, the base figure is small, and the financial cost rate is roughly the same. Of these, q3 achieved income of $209.89 billion, a decline of 0.8 per cent compared to the previous year, mainly due to a 1.2 per cent decline in sales due to the downside of the industry; the Māori rate increased by 0.3 percentage points compared to the increase in R&D costs, but management and financial costs decreased; net repatriation
The profits of $8.69 billion, an increase of 0.1% over the previous year, fell in the first half of q3 sales, income, and profit growth, but still outpaced industry averages. The short-term strong product cycle continued, driving performance growth.
With a stronger product cycle, sales in the first three quarters outperformed the industry. In 2019, new cars such as t-cross, roupe, kamiqsport, two new suvs each, and Cadillacs with three new mpvs, mgs, and all new mpvs, mgs.
New cars like hs plugs in electricity. The short-term cycle of powerful new products is expected to continue, and it is expected to heat up sales and boost corporate performance. Moreover, up-to-date Odys is expected to improve the layout of the Volkswagen Luxury Cars, and to become an underinvestment in research and development, and long-term development is expected to continue well.
The company has continued to invest heavily in research and development, and is gradually entering the harvest period. On the autonomous brand, the upper gas was sold 509,000 vehicles in the first three quarters of the fleet, a 40.9% increase over the previous three quarters.
With regard to new energy, the company has mastered the country’s leading three-power core technology and has started operating in the operational layout of core components such as the igbt, battery core and battery systems, and power-driven systems.
In terms of intelligence, the marvelx will be on a "last kilometre" autonomous parking function by the end of the year.
The upper-mortality group’s sales grew steadily in July, with autonomy and general population 1. Macroeconomics slowed down and sales and profit margins declined; and 2) raw materials and labour costs increased significantly.
Upper Steam Group – Upward Odysche breakthrough, development of luxury cars, Sino-Soldier International Securities Company, Inc., qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Automobiles: car-to-cars