Shenzhen launched the National Motor Vehicle Emissions Standard Circular for the Implementation of Phase VI of Light Vehicles, which identifies changes in registration and field transfer as of 1 November.
A more registered and transferred light-pressure engine vehicle (diesel-type) should meet national standards, and a light-fired engine vehicle (gasoline-type) should be implemented as of 31 December. China signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Renault to facilitate the development of light commercial vehicle operations, confirming the introduction of three light commercial electric vehicles over the next two years.
In the form of a capital build-up, the Chang-Ann vehicle intends to introduce three strategic investors to its fully-owned subsidiary, Chongqing Young-Engineer Motors Technology Ltd., with a 51% share in equity. A joint venture to pay Seng-Kang’s research assistant, Ann-Teng, will be formally established, and the joint venture will build open platforms in the areas of car networking, big data, cloud computing, etc.
The bus-type dynamic is the official launch of the new Volkswagen Energy Motors Plant, with a total investment of $17 billion, to be completed by 2020, with a planned capacity of 300,000 vehicles per year.
Ten thousand dollars, $17.88 million. [Excellently] Current period: Upwinding Group (6001044). Uploading Group (600104).
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd., B.A., B.P., and the state's vanguard in reforming the country. Companies are absolute leaders in the domestic automobile industry, making the entire chain of cars, spare parts, post-markets, automobile finance, etc.
A series of reforms, such as the system of career managers, corporate listings, etc., have re-energized the state. 2 - Autonomy rises, joint ventures are smooth escorting the country. The autonomous plates of Yongwei/mg, Chase, etc.
There is a steady growth in spare parts operations, and new sources of energy and intelligence have provided new and incremental space for spare parts modules.
4. Autonomy improves profitability and transforms the space for innovation in services. Autonomy/mg, Chase, etc., sustains the boom and improves corporate profitability.
Joint venture stability guarantees self-emerging mature champions to demonstrate their potential for growth. Autonomy Autonomy (608003), Powerful Joint Venture Growth Guarantee, Autonomy (6008008), Autonomy (60010804.sh) and Voltage Group (600808) continue to show steady growth in general-purpose sales.
(600104.sh) Performance growth slightly exceeding expectations for a new four-way approach, published in well-known European-American journals, such as the Journal of Technology Development, the JournalofTrade, and the Automobile Industry Research Assistant, served successively in leading car manufacturers such as the Upper Gas Group, the Gilly Motors, seven years of strategic research, market research, product planning work, and joined the Sinda Securities in June 2017 for automobiles.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.