The reason for the report is: regular reporting.
The company released its mid-year report in 2019, generating operating income of 11,942 million yuan, an increase of 56.72 per cent over the same period; The net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company was 4,140 million yuan, an increase of 44.84 per cent over the same period.
\triangleright deepens the science and technology finance model and the volume of transactions increases.
\triangleright adjusts if the investment earnings of other claims are adjusted to net interest earnings of $1,538 million over the same period last year, the amount of investment finance increases and the income of underwriting falls slightly. Companies increase long-term investment in equity financing.
For industry leaders, priority coverage has been reduced by 50%, the size of refinancing has risen, the size of equity underwriting has risen by 133% overall, and the industry ranks 6th; bond owners have accounted for 78.4 billion yuan, a 178% increase. Investment income (the parent company) ranks 9th in the industry, the same level as last year.
In the first half of the year, investment returns were increased by $4,033 million, with gains and losses of $1,040 million, compared with losses of $490 million in the previous year, leading to growth in self-employment. Companies ranked 12 (medium debt) in fixed-income business bond transactions.
28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City, with excellent active management of management operations. The end-of-cycle management size of SMSD was $349.878 billion, a decrease of 8.27 per cent, active management was a leader in the industry, with active management of the average monthly size of assets at the end of the quarter.
China is in third place in Beijing, Beijing, West Side, 28 S.R.E. Central China. 532 million yuan in net profits in the first half of the year, an increase of 35 per cent; and the Open Development Fund, 7th floor of the International Center.
8th and 1st, with net profits of $595 million and Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. \triangleright
The second-tier market has fallen sharply; capital market reforms have fallen short of expectations; the industry has presented this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report. I promise not to use my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.