Satellite chemistry: American gas prices are moving downwards, and the advantage of light hydrocarbon tap costs is highlighted.
The ethane is a shale oil and gas companion, almost all of which came from the United States after the shale gas revolution. The main demand for ethane is the supply of fission plants as raw materials, and the price of ethane as a result of the shale gas revolution has fallen rapidly, triggering ethane in the United States.
The construction of the fission device has increased to 1.8 million barrels per day by 2022, or 61 per cent of the total supply. Second, exports, which began in 2014 by ship to Europe, have continued to develop over the last decade, but the market continues to be relatively small and the price of ethane in the U.S. is difficult to pull significantly. Third, renots, ethane is accompanied by a passive increase in natural gas and limited exports, and oversupply in the U.S. has led to large amounts of ethane being reinvested in natural gas fields.
At the end of the supply: gas production is increasing rapidly, and the supply of ethane will be accompanied by growth. American gas producers are now operating even more drills than at the beginning of the new crown epidemic.
Well platforms are on the move, down slightly from their peak in 2022 (162 in September 2022), but still at a higher level. Export end: US gas prices are constrained by the capacity of export facilities, and export facilities are now at their limits. US gas supplies have shifted from tension to easing since the US shale gas revolution in 2012.
Limited, the U.S. ng’s maximum export capacity is currently 13.77bcf/d, about 100 million tons/year. The Russian-European energy decoupling brought about by the Russian-Ukrainian war has greatly affected Europe’s energy supply, and we can notice a reduction in Russia’s exports of European natural gas and an increase in US exports to Europe.
Domestic demand ends: the demand for electricity is strong in summer, the demand for gas is falling rapidly in autumn, and the demand for heating is stable in winter. In the United States, domestic gas consumption is more cyclical, electricity demand peaks in summer, and heating demand peaks in winter. According to eia, the peak in gas consumption in the electricity sector in the summer of 2022 was 43.5 bcf/d, an increase of 9.3 per cent over the same period, with the end of the hot summer, the demand for electricity will decrease and the uncertainty of domestic demand will diminish from historical data.
The average number of winter heating days in the United States does not fluctuate much, and domestic demand will stabilize at a low level. The main demand for ethane in the United States continues to come from ethylene as energy properties diminish.
At the ethane fission plant, chemical properties will return to a preponderant price of ethane. In 2022, pure ethylene fission devices accounted for 80% of ethylene production in the U.S., and now ethylene devices have reached a level of profit/loss balance that will inhibit the price of ethane. Subsequently, the chemical demand for ethane in the U.S. soil has not increased significantly, the demand for ethane in new installations and the price of ethane in the U.S.: energy properties, due to the significant increase in natural gas production before the outbreak and the limited potential for export, domestic consumption is expected to remain stable for supply.
In the short term, the high prices of ethane in the prior period are difficult for downstream ethane fission plants, and there is no incentive for further upswing; in the medium and long term, the introduction of ethylene fission devices has been delayed and chemical demand has been difficult to lift. In the second place, the supply of ethane continues to follow from the supply point of view of ethane.
In the medium- and long-term, there is a clear trend of lightening the world’s raw materials in carbon neutrals.
Chemicals have low-energy consumption, low-carbon emissions, high short-flow rates, high hydrogen-rich advantages, and national policy incentives. The company’s light hydrocarbon route is extremely scarce, and it can be used in the future to extend downstream through such a green, cost-friendly process route on the leftmost side of the curve, with low-cost, strong cash flow, and over-the-counter R & D layouts that are competitively neutral in the follow-up of new materials.
The price of ethane has dropped significantly, the price differentials for ethane fission are already clearly in the advanced stage, and corporate performance will continue to be repaired. Huaan Research – Expanding Investment Values – US ethane Pricing Logic: The Co-Role of Energy Properties and Chemical Properties
Energy attributes: gas production continues to grow, US gas exports are approaching bottlenecks, gas prices are gradually returning to normal chemical properties: U.S. ethylene devices have reached a profit/loss balance, followed by the U.S.
The price trend: US gas hub down, ethane is expected to return to reasonable areas, recommend satellite chemistry.
Huaan Research — Expanding Investment Values I. The US ethane Pricing Logic: The Co-Efficiencies of Energy Properties and Chemical Properties
Hwayan Research — Expanding the value of investment — 1.1 US shale gas and moisture ratios are the highest in the world, ethane increases global competitiveness in its ethylene industrial chain — 70% natural gas in shale gas, 30% gas condensation oil in the United States, and gas condensation oils can be distilled for ethane, propane, propane,
Butane and c5, the share of ethane in ngl is about 40% and propane is about 30%. Thus, after the shale gas revolution, new ethanes were added worldwide for research in Huaan — expanding investment value 1.2 ethane demand destination: supply of fission plants as feedstock
Since then, demand has slowed. According to statistics, in 2022, the chemical demand for ethane reached 1.8 million barrels/day, or approximately 37.8 million tons/year, with the chemical demand dominated by 61% of total demand. Fluctuations in the demand for ethane make up the chemical properties.
The market for exports of ethane is still relatively small. There are certain walls because exports of ethane require locking in long-term contracts and access to logistics such as export facilities and ethane ships.
Basket, the U.S. exports of ethane in 2022 amounted to about 9.12 million tonnes/year, or 15% per year, and the price of native ethane is difficult to make a significant pull. Since ethane continues to be accompanied by a passive increase in natural gas, and the amount of export digestible is limited, most of ethane in the U.S. will return to natural gas fields due to oversupply.
Wa'an research, expanding the value of investments, and two, growing natural gas production, and US gas exports are approaching bottlenecks, and gas prices are going back to normal.
The latest data from eia show that American gas producers now operate even more drills than at the beginning of the new crown outbreak. January 2020, America.
The \triangleright State-owned 118 gas drilling platforms were in operation and, as of November 2023, an average of 106 gas drilling platforms were in operation, a slight decrease from the peak of 2022 (162 in September 2022), but remained at a high level.
As US gas drilling increases, US domestic gas dry gas production will continue to grow. US gas production averaged 93.2 billion cubic feet/ \triangleright days in 2021, and US average monthly gas production continued to rise to 105.9 bcf/d by November 2023.
Figure 5 Number of natural gas rigs in operation in the United States (in units of stations) Figure 6 US dry gas production
2.1 Supply end: The rapid increase in natural gas production will be accompanied by an increase in the supply of ethane The supply of ethane is expected to increase at the same rate of 8% due to the associated properties of ethane. By November 2023, the average monthly production was 2,746,000 barrels per day (5,492,000 tonnes of chart 7 US ethane production (thousands of barrels per day)
Huaann Research – Expanding the value of investment – 2.2 at the export end: US gas prices are constrained by the capacity of export facilities, which are now at their limits. Since US shale gas production increased significantly, US gas supply has gradually moved from tight to relaxed.
\triangleright Current US natural gas exports are mainly via: 1) pipeline to Mexico; 2) ng exports through export facilities.
Figure 8 Global ng supply growth comes mainly from the United States research and investment expansion 2.2 The construction of the U.S. Liquefied Gas Export Facility has slowed down and there has been limited growth in natural gas exports.
After 2016, the U.S. ng Export Facility fid process slowed considerably. Currently, the U.S. Liquefied natural gas has the largest export capacity of around 13.77bcf/d. 2024q3, plataguemineslngphase1 is expected to increase its export capacity by 1.58bcf/d, and the goldenpass export facility (train1+train2) has been extended to Huaan for research and investment expansion.
2.2 The Russian-European energy decoupling brought about by the Russian-Ukrain war has increased US exports to Olung, but only in the short term because of the Russian-European energy decoupling brought about by the Russian-Ukrainian war, which has significantly affected European energy supplies, while Europe consciously switched supply from Russia to \triangleright
The US, with lower energy costs, closer proximity, and better political relations. So, when the Russian-Ukrainian conflict took place, it became clear that Russia’s dependence on Europe’s natural gas exports and other CIS countries’ pipeline gas imports had been reduced considerably.
2.2 The utilization rate of the total export facility of the United States has reached its upper limit, and the impact of European demand on the price and supply of natural gas in the United States will be blunted. In terms of utilization, the utilization rate of the total export facility is close to 87 per cent.
We believe that there will be little additional export capacity if the new exports are put into operation later than expected. In the long run, Europe’s demand for US gas prices and supply and demand will shrink.
The total domestic gas demand in the United States is relatively cyclical, with industrial and transport sectors less cyclical, but also residential, commercial, and electricity sectors. The peak of electricity demand in the summer is mainly related to the demand for summer power generation (air conditioning) and the peak of residential and commercial demand in the winter, mainly to the demand for winter heating.
Historical data show that peaks in aggregate demand usually occur around January, and peak valleys around July.
•2.3 The end of the summer will be accompanied by a reduction in the demand for natural gas generation in the United States.  From the United States power generation structure, natural gas accounts for 32 per cent of United States electricity generation, 26 per cent of coal, 22 per cent of nuclear power and about 20 per cent of renewable energy. The electricity sector peaked at 43.5 bcf/d in the summer of 2022, an increase of 9.3 per cent.
Huaann Research — Expanding the value of investment –2.3 US average annual heating days are less volatile, and autumn winter gas demand will return to a reasonable level in previous years.
\triangleright is closely associated with gas volume. From historical data on eia, the United States has experienced less volatility of hdd in previous years, with the highest Hdd in the midwest. According to eia projections, the number of heating days in 2022-2023 is expected to change little from previous years.
\triangleright, the demand for gas in winter will return to a reasonable level in previous years.
2.3 The average annual heating days in the United States are less volatile, the demand for natural gas will return to reasonable levels in the autumn and winter, the activity of United States natural gas mining will increase and the number of rigs will increase the future supply of natural gas, but the subsequent incremental elasticity of the export facilities will be insufficient, and the summer peak in electricity will be \triangleright
The price of natural gas in the United States will gradually return to normal without extreme cold weather during the winter, and the price of ethane will fall as compared to previous years. Chart 20 US heating days in 2021. Chart 21hdd is closely linked to US industry and residents' use of gas.
eia note: investment-weighteddegreedays.pacificdivisionsincludesalalaskaandhawaii.
U.S. Ethylene devices have achieved a profit/loss balance, followed by chemical properties, and limited additions to the fracking devices in the U.S.
U.S. ethylene devices have achieved a profit/loss balance, followed by a limited number of new fission devices in the United States. Overall, ethylene production in the United States was mainly from ethane, which in 2022 was used as a source of fission (containing pure ethane-based devices in blended ethane devices).
According to the latest data from ihs, ethylene pure ethylene fission devices in the United States will further depress the price of ethylene, which determines that the price of ethylene cannot be increased significantly.
Figure 22, 2022, U.S. ethylene Device Māori Rate (%)
In the wake of the new domestic demand in the United States, there has been no significant increase in the demand for ethane local chemicals in the next 2-3 years.
The recovery of export facilities is expected: extreme cold weather during the winter:
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information on the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything.
I do not have, do not have, do not have, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.