The reform was beginning to bear fruit, and the old cellar was back on the Growth Fast Track, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: Recently, we participated in the Penang Investor Exchange, where we interacted with company management. • The new management reform started to show results, and the company's performance went back to the fast track of growth. When the new management came to power, it overhauled the company's product line structure and marketing model and was effective through a series of price regulation tools.
1) Product focus: The company has built the three major brand lines of the "Shelves, Shrimps, Shrimps, Shrimps, Shrimps, Headings, Twos" Five Super Monuments. The brand "Lifty" is advanced to clean, integrate, phase out and freeze existing products.
Close to 2,000 bar codes, focusing on the main products and core markets. The current structure of corporate products is clearly structured, large monolithic, competitive, and greatly enhances the image and brand value of the old cellars in the state. 2) Changes in marketing patterns: the company replaced the former “save spring model” with a “brand monopoly model”.
During this period, the ills of the "till spring model" have become increasingly visible. The company has been able to adapt in a timely manner, creating three branding companies, namely, public guests, guests, wines, and specials, and operating the three monoliths separately. At the same time, the number of sales workers has been increased to help the end of the chain. Under the new model, the channels have become evener and more efficient.
The company introduced a series of price-restrictive flexibility measures for major individual items, effectively streamlining the channel price system, and significant improvements in end-market sales. The country’s 1573 classic package price rose from $560/bottle to $680/bottle at the beginning of the year, the end-sale price exceeded $700/bottle, and the price of wines and specials increased significantly in 2016.
• A number of initiatives contribute to corporate performance in 2017. Companies will continue to pursue firm strategies in 2017, with many initiatives contributing to performance in 2017 and excellence in 2017: 1) Increased investment in branding and upgrading;
2) Activate in the area of new product expansion: 3) Internationalize markets at an unprecedented level. On the product side, companies have a strong confidence in the "three brand lines and five monoliths" and try to do better. On the market side, fill the gap, strengthen the weak market, strengthen the strong market, and provide adequate cost support.
The company's performance went back to the fast-growing driveway, with an “uptake” rating.
One of China's oldest four famous wines, with a reputation for “Sweet Nose, Taek Do” for five consecutive years, has been declared a national wine. The company owns a total of 1,086 cellar pools, the largest wine-making pool in the world, which built the oldest, longest-serving, and most complete reservoirs in 1573 countries, which were listed by the State Antiquities Agency in 2006.
China's World Heritage Reserve is known as “China's first cellar.” The company's strategy for the “Three Lines, Five Super Monument” is to strengthen the three major brand lines, comprising the cellar 1573, the cellar wine and the Quanzhou cellar, and to focus on the five supermonographs, comprising the cellar 1573, the cellar wine, the special, the headline and the duo. After a brief downturn, the reform of the Quanzhou cellar has been successful.
The company’s main business structure: the company is positioned to do “medium national wine.” Products cover three low, medium and high price bands, with a more balanced composition of the intake, with high-end alcohol at 41% and medium- and low-end alcohol at 29% and 30%, respectively.
In terms of composition, high-quality alcohol contributes 62%, middle-grade alcohol 30%, and low-quality alcohol is only 8%. Corporate performance: During the 10-year golden decade of white wine, company performance surged sharply, and revenue successfully crossed into 10 billion-dollar camps in 2012. At the end of 2012, government consumption was significantly reduced, and demand for high-end alcohol was sharply reduced.
This strategic failure also led to a steep drop in company performance in 2014, with operating income and net return profits equal to 49% and 74%, while exposing problems such as the company’s product lines, the confusion of marketing systems.
Up on stage, the company was overhauled, the product lines were shortened by five core monoliths, and the marketing model was changed from the original “Foundine model” to the “Proprietary model”. The reforms were beginning to bear fruit, and as of the third quarter of 2016, the company's operating income and net return profits were on a par with +17 per cent and +14 per cent, with a clear growth trend.
In July 2015, the company's management was replaced, with Liu Xing and Lin Feng serving as the new president and general manager. Both were young and powerful, working together for more than 10 years in the Cedars, with a great deal of experience and understanding.
A series of radical reforms has been undertaken, including changes in product lines and marketing patterns. After more than a year of efforts, corporate reforms have begun to be effective, channels have re-energized, sales have increased significantly, and performance has returned to the fast track of growth.
During the restructuring of the industry, the excess product caused severe internal consumption, the price of the cellars was reduced to compressed old wine survival space, and the price of wine in the cellars and the specials produced direct effects.
The new management came to power with the creation of a product strategy for the “Three Lines, Five Super Singles”, which is to strengthen the three brand lines comprising the state cellar 1573, the succulent and the Quzhou cellar.
The five super-manufactured monoliths made up of cellars 1573, wine cellars, specials, captions, and binoculars. As part of the implementation of the large monolithic strategy, the brand name "Linty" was advanced, with existing products cleaned up, integrated, phased out, bar code frozen, close to 2,000, and excellent resources focused on major products and core markets.
In terms of high-end wine, the price has been restored to more than $600, and together with the puppies, the five-food fluids have occupied the first camp of high-end white wine; the 100-year-old wines were originally planned to be used as a front.
Sub-high-end markets, but partly overlapped with the price of the special. Companies reshaped the branding and price positioning of the wine of the scaffolding age, increasing the price difference between 90 and 60 years, pulling and the specials, and forming a misalignment competition in the $200-400 price band.
Prices are set at $50-100 and $10-50, respectively. The firm’s product structure is clear, large and single, and competitive in all price bands. 2.2 Changes in marketing patterns: from the “Foundation model” to the “Proprietary model”
However, during the reformation of the white industry, the "spill model" was not prominent, the end control was weak, and the ills of the internal competition were being exposed. To cater to the current trend of fine management of the white industry channels and the implementation of large monolithic strategies,
The company's management has made a major change in the marketing model, replacing the former “simple spring model” with a “simple model.” During the restructuring of the industry, the vices of the “simple spring model” became apparent, and innovation became inevitable.
Seven major springs, including South-West, North-West, and Medium-East China. These springs operate in their respective regions with full responsibility for mid-end high-end products, including terminal price control, and cost-disposals, such as cellars, wines, specials, etc.
But this pattern also reveals a number of disadvantages during the restructuring of the industry. 1) The company’s interests are not consistent with the company’s strategic objectives. The local company’s pursuit of its own interests has led to a tendency to sell locally best-selling and lucrative products.
This pattern of sales, similar to outsourcing, has led to poor end-control of companies, high volatility of goods, disruption of prices, loss of benefits to distributors, and stagnation of end-market sales.
Under the “specialization model”, channels are more efficient and end-control. After the new management came to power, three major brand companies were formed, each with exclusive responsibility for the operation of its products, effectively resolving the problem of the disparity in the resources invested in each of the major monoliths under the “specialization” model. Under the “specialization model”, the consignment routes are sold from the old cellars of the State.
At the same time, companies increase the number of salesmen and improve their control over the terminals. Corporate salesmen have grown from less than 500 in 2014 to nearly 6,000 today, and continue to grow in numbers as markets expand and become effective.
2.3 Flexible price regulation measures to effectively streamline the channel price system, in addition to product strategy and marketing model innovations, led to a flexible series of prices for major single items in 2016
The dollar/bottle went up to $680/bottle, the terminal price was over $700/bottle, and the price of wines and specials rose markedly. 2.4 initiatives helped companies to make a new performance in 2017.
In terms of products, companies have a strong confidence in the “Five Monuments of the Three Lines” and are trying to do better. In terms of market access, they fill the gap and fill the weak ones.
We believe that as the five monolithic strategies and marketing models become clear and market channels and price systems are streamlined, the company will rejuvenate and return to the fast-growing lanes, with the company expected to grow close to 20% in 2017, and profits will grow faster.
1) Assuming a sustained recovery in the White Wine industry and a steady increase in the Māori rate of corporate alcohol business over the next three years, 57.3 per cent; 2) assuming an optimal structure of the company ' s products, a steady increase in the share of white wine income above the middle and high end, and a steady increase in the cost of company sales over the next three years.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, nor for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.