q2 q2 seasons are at an all-time high, and two major lines of business are working together.
Basic performance: corporate performance of 25q2 increased by the same year, ring, a record high of income in a single quarter, a slight decline in profitability compared to the previous year, but a slight increase in the ring. Company achieved Chen Wei Quang in the first half of 2025
30.35%, with a single-quarter income of record high; a net profit of $141 million for 25q2 and a combined growth in both signal chains, power management and revenue. Companies are leading domestic simulations of ic design, with a more comprehensive mix of simulations and modular integrated circuit products.
Matrix, covering the two main areas of signal chain and power management, downstream applications cover industrial control, auto electronics, communications equipment, medical instruments and consumer-type electronics, as well as emerging markets such as artificial intelligence, robotics, new energy and object networking.
In the case of Māori, the company ' s 25h1 signal chain product is 58.85 per cent, an increase of 1.55 pct, and the sales of power management products 44.64 per cent, a decrease of 5.11 pct.
In the course of the reporting period, companies have developed and accumulated a range of core technologies and products of international excellence, such as high-precision, ultra low-noise, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, advanced research and development drivers.
Ultra-low power discharge, high-precision current detection amplifiers, instrument amplifiers, high-speed, high-precision adc, high-speed backlight led drive, 4-channel amoled power source chips, high-precision low-pressure low-pressure linear stabilizers, various high-efficiency low-power power source management chips, lithium electricity
Pool charge management and protection of chips, high-performance charge pump charge chips, electronic fuses, multi-type high-power motor-drive chips, nitrogenated thorium (gan) transistors, power mosfet and various vehicle chips, with over 5,900 available in 34 major categories by the end of June 2025
Marketing of products, increasing market share, and increasing customer recognition and brand influence. Note: “Market index” for this rating system,a shares refer to 300 indexes of depth; the new three-board reference point is three-strength.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.