The remaining uncertainty in the industry financing environment, and the company’s overseas cgt business, which still takes time to reach a gain or loss of billions, is at the mid-end of the previous performance forecast area. The Māori ratio of the main business is raised by 0.7 pct, and the net profit rate is increasing or will be faster, depending on Fy22 performance and management’s latest guidance.
In view of the fact that the utilization of the new capacity still takes time to climb the slope, the bottom-down of the cmc block-morigin ratio, the upturn of the key shareholder's letter, Qing Sung and his co-activist's letter, is the second time that the company's actual controller and his co-activist have been in possession of the plan for a reduction of no more than 6%.
Three plans have been reduced, and we believe that the risk of subsequent reductions cannot be completely excluded. Therefore, we are unanimous) and value the Ports Unit based on historical average h/a discounts. The downward adjustment a/Ports Unit corresponds to 29 x 21 x 2023epe, which is lower than the respective average of about 1.1 standard deviations over the past three years.
Prospective and pessimistic scenarios
Pessimistic scenario: Corporate growth is not as good as expected Optimistic scenario: corporate growth is better than expected • investment returns follow the overall equity market valuation with a significant increase.
• The value of equity investment projects remains stable.
An optimistic scenario: companies grow better than expected • investment returns follow the overall equity market valuation with a significant increase. • Equity investment project values remain stable.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements can be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities. Poo-Sil-Sil-Seong International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, Associated Public Divisions (collectively “Pu-Sil-Sil-Silver International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities that are described or related to the companies in this report, and may be bought or sold from time to time.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]