A robust growth of core operations and continuous strengthening of new business service capacity
• Strong income-side growth, with profit-side short-lived by new business inputs of hundreds of millions of dollars, a 6.01% increase over the same period. Corporate core business growth is robust, profit-side exposure to new business is in the process of investment, laying the foundation for steady growth in the company's future performance; and, with clinical coro and biomagnostics, cgt
We keep the “buy-in” rating, given that the new business is still investing and the profits are expected to materialize. • The core business is growing robustly, and the laboratory business is working fast.
In 2022, the company ' s laboratory and cmc, respectively, generated $6.245.2407 million, which is a further increase in the synergy between the sciences and biosciences. The advantages of integrated services will be further demonstrated, thus driving the rapid growth of laboratory services. At the same time, the continued flow of laboratory services to cmc is expected to boost small molecules cdmo.
Business growth accelerated, cmc services moved into the fast-track for development, contributing significantly to the company’s performance. Quality development of the clinical core is expected to increase the capacity of biomolecular services, more than 1,100 projects are under way, and the clinical core is already in the high-quality development phase.
A strong growth in core business and a gradual improvement in business combined to generate $195 million a year, an increase of 29.26 per cent over the same period. At the same time, to further accelerate new business areas.
Capacity-building for R & D services, with a fully-owned subsidiary, Conlong BIO, to finance the equity of $950 million to promote new profit-taking - corporate information update reports, to develop rapidly and to further open up medium- and long-term growth space.
"Towards a leading drug research and development service platform, the public administration is entering a new phase of development -- company coverage for the first time."