Performance was higher than expected, with strong investment in public credit in the Chengdu Bank (601838.sh) incident company issued its mid-2022 report.
The recovery was robust and high, the fall-back released profits of 2022h1, the company achieved operating income at one latitude and the credit cut-back effect, and the firm maintained a robust recovery and the net gain increased further.
Nim ring ratio is stable, expansion of public loans is strong, debt-cost advantage continues 2022h1, net corporate interest income is $7,916 million, an increase of 18.7 per cent, net interest difference of 2.07 per cent, a decline of 4bp, a rise of 3bp and a steady rise in equity-to-public loans.
By the end of June, total corporate loans and advances were invested mainly in rental clothing, infrastructure and manufacturing, amounting to $22,57509 million, representing a cumulative share of 64,57% of public loans.
At the end of June, the company's savings balance was 6310.48 per cent long, with a bright performance of 35.84 per cent, mainly due to the contribution of wealth management and settlement settlement income.
The regional advantages of the company are clear, and it is hoped to benefit from a national strategy for bi-city economic circles Deployment, opening up space for business development, and promoting sustained profit growth. The asset end, the dynamism of the expansion of public credit, and the broad scope of capital lending contribute to higher net interest income.
At the end of the day, business demand deposits continue to grow rapidly and cost advantages continue. The middle business benefits are growing rapidly, the rich outperforms their peers, and the diversified revenue channels are expanding. We look forward to the future of the company, with the company's fundamentals and share price elasticity, maintaining the `recommended' rating.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.