By 22h1, the \triangleright net fee revenue ratio \triangleright net fee ratio + 6.9 pct, mainly for financial management and liquidation operations.
The middle-income business, based on a fully completed net-valued transition, has further advanced the adjustment of cash management-type products; other non-interest-bearing income has declined more markedly on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of fluctuations in the fair value of traded financial assets. The parent-to-year net profit ratio +2.7 pct, supported by robust growth, also benefits from credit.
Capital-type loans support a high expansion and a good physical investment. As of 22h1, the average loan balance continued to grow by more than 30% over the same period, and is expected to be at a leading level among listed banks, reflecting the country as a whole.
The position advantage of the strategic focus at the residual level. The 22h1 silver business has a strong advantage, with only leasing and business services (more s010521120003).
By the same time, the quality of the service entities has been improving, with the balance of inclusive loans being +40.4% at the beginning of the year, and manufacturing loans accounting for all. Research assistant in Bovin.
The net interest differentials have been narrow, but the asset-end rate of return has remained strong, benefiting in part from an improved loan structure. The credit rate is only 2 bp, of which the interest rate is even +8 bp, mainly a high-yielding variety of personal loans and credit cards.
Business contributed 96.6% of new lending in the first half of the year, optimizing mortgage lending with an over-representation of mortgages. Interest-bearing debt cost + 9bp, mainly as a result of an upturn in the rate of public deposit payments, and personal time-deposit deposits are reported in two years' and one quarter: the "high expansion + low" extreme.
The efficiency of the Chengdu bank’s “large retail” strategy is gradually released. Performance is hard to hide, with significant improvements in asset quality, and debt swaps are about to enter the equity transition period.
\triangleright 2. Chengdu Bank (601838.sh) in-depth report: Area plus 8bp. The rate of concern and delay is down by more than 10bp from the beginning of the year.
+Expercent net statement = New Leader of the City Business Bank - 2022/04/21 Continuous improvement of the grant coverage ratio +38.7 pct, repayment of which is largely stable, and provision of counter-bullying profit zero 3. Chengdu Bank (60138.sh) tradable issue point
Review: 8 billion debt swaps are issued, and the expansion is high, and the 2022/sufficiencies are sufficient. In September 22, the Chengdu Bank will enter into a stock transfer period of 8 billion transhipments, with a high provision expected to sustain high-performing performance and provide additional support for debt swaps, thereby increasing capital adequacy and providing “ammunition” for high expansion.
Investment recommendations: high profits, strong credit \triangleright high performance, higher profit growth loops; strong financial performance and improved quality of service entities;
A strong rate of return on interest-bearing assets, driven in part by the “large retail” transformation; significant improvement in asset quality, provision of anti-breathing profit space for coverage, which is expected to interact well with tradable stock transfers and sustain high expansionary growth. Figure 1: Chengdu banks’ performance up to 22h1 increased at the same rate as the previous year
Figure 2: Net interest income, net charges and rate of increase as at 22h1 by Chengdu bank, Figure 3: Average increase in other non-interest income as at 22h1 by Chengdu bank, Figure 4: Net interest difference as at 22h1 and dismantling at both ends
Figure 8: Summary of corporate financial statement data projections as at 22h1
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.