Overall performance was smooth and the dream series was growing at a faster pace.
28 February 2019 Performance was relatively stable throughout the year, with q4 going to inventory strategy brief impact statement \triangleright
In 2018, the company achieved a net profit growth rate of +21.1 per cent/+22.3 per cent for its parent, and performance was generally stable. In 18q4, the company achieved operating income of 3,156 million yuan in a single quarter, equivalent to +3.8 per cent, which is largely in line with market expectations.
Faced with a slowdown in growth and weak demand in the industry, companies have taken the initiative to reduce pressure on pipelines to deliver in order to achieve a healthy degeneration of pipeline stocks. The short and rapid fall in revenue-side growth has also held back profits, with net profits growing by only +2% in 1804 quarter.
In 2018, corporate resources continued to focus on a series of dreams, which we expect to grow by 35 per cent throughout the year, with out-of-town markets growing faster than in-country markets, and dream series prices are expected to remain strong.
Above, we expect that the dream series will continue to grow at a faster rate, and that the sea and sky will rise at a more moderate rate. Sales rates are expected to be more or less stable throughout the year, and sales are expected to increase slightly in 19 and are expected to remain almost close to the same level throughout the year.
With a de-stocking strategy, we remain optimistic about the 19-year growth in corporate incomes. The overall valuation of the plate is 26 times higher, and the company’s valuation level is lower than the industry’s average, taking into account that the future growth rate of corporate revenue/profit growth will be relatively smooth and that the product structure will be optimized, with good growth.
1. Industry depth report: High-end liquor, with a focus on sub-high-end wine and
2. Annual strategy 2019 for food and food beverages: Summary of forecast data for corporate financial statements
Jujie, Bachelor of Economics and Master of Arts, Beijing University. Entered the securities industry in 2011, and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.