Ocean River shares (002.04) Food beverages, high growth in the dream series, sustained growth in the off-provincial market, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company issued a fast-track performance report for 2018, which achieved income of $24.1 billion in 2018 (a year-on-year + 21 per cent) and a net profit of $8.1 billion (a year-on-year + 22 per cent): of which 18q4 achieved income of $3.2 billion (a year-on-year + 4 per cent), a net profit of $1.1 billion (a year-on-year + 2 per cent). 18q4 performed as expected.
• Controlling prices, with 18q4 rising and falling at a rate of 4% and 2%, respectively, of the company's 18q4 net profit and price-impact revenue has slowed slightly. 2 - Sub-regionally, 1) The off-provincial market continues to grow at a faster pace, with the new Jiangsu markets of Anhui, Zhejiang and Hebei showing outstanding performance: in addition, the product structure of the off-provincial sector has improved significantly, dreaming.
Intra-provincial markets are affected by a large base and increased competition, which has slowed down slightly. Jiangsu’s market economy has become more developed, and competitions such as gin, gin, gin, gin, and gin have become more active, increasing competition in the provincial markets.
With the continued expansion of the New Jiangsu market, the size of the company’s revenue is expected to grow steadily in the future. Product structure upgrades + extra-provincial expansion and long-term steady growth are achievable.
Returning to popular consumer goods, the ocean river as the leader of popular wine, focusing on sub-high-end products (dream blue m3, sky blue, etc.), active high-end markets (dream blue m6, dream blue m9, dream blue crafts, etc.), steadily developing products (blue of the sea, etc.), constantly optimizing product structures to suit rising public consumption
In addition, the company has a strong brand, product and channel advantage throughout the country, and is constantly seeking growth points. By 2020, the river ' s income ratio in Jiangsu province and beyond is expected to reach 3:7 and its depth will be progressively nationalized.
• Profit forecasts and ratings. Keeping the “buy-in” rating, taking into account the slowdown in the economy, which has led to a slowdown in consumption and increased competition in the industry, a slight downswing in the company's income over the next three years to $24.2 billion, $27.1 billion, $30.1 billion, net profit for mothers to $8.1 billion, the white wine tap, the future product structural upgrading and the greater scope for expansion of the market outside the province.
Ocean River shares (00204): brands, products, channels Trinity, co-location of markets within and outside the province (2018 - 11 - 28)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.