RMB 27.02.2019, +3.8 per cent; net profit from repatriation + 2.0 billion, + 2.0 per cent.
Income end: q4 controls will be ready for the next year, with a flat price. During the reporting period, 18q4 companies collected 3,156 million yuan, or +3.8 per cent, as expected. The Blue q4 scheme for dreams is still bright.
Construction upgrades were clear, with the highest M9 increase, followed by M6/m3, mainly due to continuous branding investment, and a change in the price of consumer upgrades in the province. Since 2000, Jiangsu has experienced a four-to-five leap in consumer prices, with the dominant price now being M3 and above, and the southern sub-region is married.
In addition, the 17-year-old dream blue price increases are driving up prices. In 2019, the dream blue volume is expected to break out by 10 billion.) The blue blue of the sea and the sky q4 drops at a rate that is largely influenced by the digestion of the prices of the season. According to famous wine, the blue of the sea/the sky early in October.
Supply prices have been raised by $10/15/bottles, and the company ' s q4 control price has been raised for a smooth increase in channel prices, with a projected slowdown in the inner q4 province. For two years, the company has gradually increased the price of the blue supply/terminal price in the interior of the province to prevent a run-off in the province and beyond, and the strategic layout has been completed.
The sub-region looks at the successful opening of the market for the Xinjiang Sou outside the province, where research shows that the market is growing faster. At the profit end: q4 returns to the mother's net profit of $1.066 billion, compared to +2.0%, which is consistent with expectations, consumption taxes, etc.
In the case of consumer taxes, 18 years of q3 tax are added.
The increase in the revenue base of the approved q4 tax continues to be a drag on the company’s profitability. It is expected that with the upgrading of the product structure, the impact of the consumption tax will gradually fade, and there will be room for a rise in net interest rates.
Figure 2: The single-season net profit of the mother (billion yuan) and the speed of the increase