Larger shares (600160.sh) 3-generation refrigerant landscape cycles continue, average refrigerant prices continue to rise on a quarterly basis
On 23 October, the company released the Third Quarterly Report 2025. According to the company announcement, the company achieved business income of $20.394 billion in the third quarter of 2025, an increase of 13.9 per cent in the same year; net profit of 32.48 billion in the same year, an increase of 16.2 per cent in the same year; net profit of $3.199 billion in the second quarter of the same year, an increase in the same year.
The core driver of the Division's significant growth was the strong performance of the refrigerant business: under the third-generation refrigerant (hfcs) quota system, there had been a fundamental shift in the pattern of industry supply from excess competition to supply.
Refrigerants continue to increase steadily as they are consumed at the end of a global “licensed” production and sales model. Refrigerants as fresh-demand varieties of air conditioners, heat pumps, which are gradually distinguished from traditional chemical materials, reveal the need for better life, and the need for “temperature control” in the emerging industrial, commercial and agricultural sectors, and downstream.
In recent years, the supply and demand and market patterns of the refrigerant industry have continued to optimize, industry concentration has increased, new business perceptions have evolved, and industry health development and compliance awareness has increased.
Three generations of refrigerants in China have been subject to a quota system since 2024, in accordance with the Kigali amendment to the Montreal Treaty. On the basis of the quota system of the global agreement, China has a global quota of more than 80% of refrigerants, mega-equity (600160.sh)-refrigerant prices have continued to rise, and liquid cold operations have opened up.
A specific business model has been developed for “global supply-side structural reforms (a one-time de-listing of excess capacity, limited supply of quotas) + global concessions (quota licences) + high concentration of quotas (global quotas are concentrated in China, Chinese quotas are concentrated in industry head-line enterprises).
Megashares (600160.sh) - Consumption shares have been increased and three-quarter cycle pricing has been completed, showing a booming trend in prices. Megashares (600160.sh) showed rapid growth in performance in 2024, with refrigerant prices holding.
Non-refrigerant operations are generally competitive, with a slight decline in the average price of fluorinated polymers. Four major fluoropolymers, Larged Shares (600160.sh) - Refrigerant Prices have continued to increase, with a year-round performance of ptfe, pvdf, fep, fkm, and a sustained increase in the supply end-of-end chemical capacity over the last two years, demand
The trend in industrial development will be generalized towards specialization, specialization, high-end, high-quality, high-value upgrading. In the first three quarters of 2025, companies achieved fluorinated high-scoring, the demand for radiative heat in data centres grew rapidly, and liquid cold operations opened up room for growth.
The server power density has increased significantly, the traditional wind-cooled heat evaporation has become a bottleneck, immersion fluids have become unattended, leading to a rapid increase in demand for upstream fluorinated fluids. The company's forward-looking layout of the fluorinated liquid products was reported to the State Environmental Agency on September 23, 2021 by the company's controlling subsidiary, Sophine.
Approval of the 500t/a giant core cooling fluid project of the Zhejiang new fluorine materials company Ltd., which mainly produces perfluoropolyether cooling fluid in two stages, 1,000t/a massive core cooling liquid in one phase and 4,000t/a large core cooling liquid in two phases. The project phase is now in production and, according to the company network, jx system.
In addition, at the end of 2024, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Chongqing's southern district, which will focus on the development of the artificial intelligence industry.
Innovative technology applications and the upgrading of traditional industries. At the same time, the giant cold technology of the Giant Group has signed an investment agreement for the artificial intelligence green industrial park project with the South China Highlands to build the largest impregnable liquid and cold computing centre in the country.
In the case of fluorine refrigerants, the company’s refrigerant quota is the highest in the country and will benefit directly from a long-term increase in the temperature of the refrigerants. In the case of fluorinated fine chemicals and fluorinated materials, as people in the country live in water.
In terms of the company’s own internal benefits, the company has continued to increase the development of advanced chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs), high-end extension of the industrial chain, multi-chemicals.
Industry convergence has increased synergies, industrial structure, product structure has continued to optimize, core competitiveness, and competitive positions have been growing. Since 2024, prices for company refrigerant products and the Maori rate have continued to rise on a seasonal basis, leading to higher corporate profits, which we maintained in view of the continued increase in refrigerant prices in 2025.
The Division achieved business income of $20.394 billion, an increase of 13.9 per cent over the same period; a net return to the mother of $3.248 billion, an increase of 16.2 per cent over the same period; a net loss to the non-repatriate to the mother of $3.199 billion, an increase of 170.1 per cent over the same period; a slight decline in the company ' s previous three quarters, reflecting a certain seasonal pattern of demand in the industry; and a Māori sales rate of 29.1 per cent over the same period.
The core driving force behind the significant growth in corporate performance was the strong performance of the refrigerant business: under the third generation refrigerant (hfcs) quota system, the supply pattern of the industry changed fundamentally, moving from excess competition to supply constraints, and the company fully enjoyed the industry landscape with the advantage of a leading global production quota.
In the first three quarters of 2025, the company sold 23.06 million tons of refrigerant, with a quarterly increase in the average price of sales of refrigerants, with an average refrigerant price of $40554 per ton in the first three quarters of 2025, and the same increase in the average price of refrigerants, as the price of refrigerant products recovered, the company ' s refrigerant operations accounted for the main business structure and profit structure.
The increase in profitability has had a positive impact.
Figure 7: Larger share refrigerant sales (tonnes) and ring change (right axis) Figure 8: Larger share refrigerant average (m/tonne) and ring change (right axis) Refrigerant demand is on demand, supply is on the global “concession” production sales model, product prices
Refrigerants, as fresh-demand varieties of air conditioners, heat pumps, are gradually distinguished from traditional chemical materials, showing the need for better life, “temperature control” in the emerging industry, business and agriculture sectors, and low downstream costs, easy delivery and storage, multiple channels, high price elasticity, higher value, etc.
The supply and demand and market patterns of the agent sector continue to be optimized, the concentration of the industry continues to increase, new business perceptions are being developed, and industry health development and compliance awareness is being enhanced. Currently, China has introduced a quota system for three generations of refrigerants since 2024, in accordance with the Kigali amendments to the Montreal Treaty.
Three generations of refrigerants have global quotas of more than 80 per cent and form “the result of structural changes on the global supply side (a one-time decolonization of excess capacity, limited supply of quotas) + a high concentration of global concessions (quota licences) + a high concentration (global quotas are concentrated in China, Chinese quotas are concentrated in industry head enterprises)”
Refrigerant market prices: r22 is expected to be more than 40% of the quota for the year due to continued demand contraction, and businesses pass by yuan/tons; according to fluorine online, r22 fell to $1.5-18 million/tons in October, and low-price-led markets were driven by low-cost strategies.
In a strong performance, refrigerant companies maintained a strong interest in the R32 market against a backdrop of growing demand, with a steady upturn in the offer, with an average price of $59,000 per ton in q3 in 2025, an increase of $853.4 per ton over q2; and the current market figure 9: Prices and differentials (RM/tons) for second-generation refrigerantr22
Figure 10: Prices and price differentials (RM/T) for three generations of refrigerant r32: Figure 11: Prices and differentials (RM/T) for three generations of refrigerant r125: Figure 12: Prices and differentials (RM/T) for three generations of refrigerant r134a
Non-refrigerant operations are generally competitive, with a slight decline in the average price of fluorinated polymers. Four major fluoropolymer species, ptfe, pvdf, fep, fkm, have been growing continuously over the last two years, with demand growing at a much slower rate than supply growth and imbalances.
On the industry side, ptfe looks at supply-side policies in the long term as they accelerate industrial transformation, and high-end product substitution results are emerging; market prices have increased, supported by short-term supply contractions and costs, but the real movement has yet to be absorbed by downstream demand. The emulsion market may continue to explore low prices as the main means of going to the reservoir.
In the case of pvdf, the market continues to be weak and the firm has a strong interest in breaking the deadlock, but the supply is still too high to reverse. Current stock levels of enterprises are divided: some of the businesses with high stock pressure have offered to lower their prices to speed up their turnover; and those with low stock levels are unable to reverse the situation.
As of October 23, 2025, pvdf for paint purposes had a price of $36,000-41,000 per ton.
Despite the overall stability of the field, the double burden of high costs and high stocks constrains a real deal, resulting in limited short-term mobility. While firms have a strong willingness to keep prices steady, weak downstream demand and low industry climate have put market conditions under pressure, and high-end products have no room for upswing. As of October 23, 2025, the market was squeezing.
Figure 14: Average price of fluorinated polymers (M/T) and changes in ring ratio (right axis) of mega-stocks Rapid growth in demand for radiating data centres, opening up growth space for liquid cold operations.
The power density has increased significantly, the traditional wind-cold heat radiating mode has become a bottleneck, immersion fluids have become a future trend, and demand for fluorinated fluids (CFCs) with upstream is growing rapidly. The company is forward-looking on the fluorinated liquid product, and on September 23, 2021, the company’s controlling subsidiary, Soupo, submitted to the State Eco-Environmental Agency for Xiangjiang.
Material Co. Ltd. 5000t/a Big Core cooling fluid project, which mainly produces perfluoropolyether cooling fluids in two stages, 1,000t/a Large Core cooling fluids in one phase and 4,000t/a Large Core cooling fluids in two phases. The first phase of the project is now in production and, according to the company network, the jx series of leachate cooling fluid products are now in operation in the state of Kim.
In addition, at the end of 2024, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed between the company and Chongqing's southern district, focusing on the development of artificial intelligence industries, the application of innovative technologies and the upgrading of traditional industries.
At the same time, the giant cold technology of the Giant Group signed an investment agreement for an artificially intelligent green industrial park project with the Yunan Highland District to build the country’s largest impregnated IQC. The investment proposal is that the company, as the leader of the fluorine industry, is well-structured, cost-effective, and financially advantageous.
In the case of fluorine refrigerants, the company’s refrigerant quota is the highest in the country and will benefit directly from a long-term increase in the temperature of refrigerants. In the case of fluorinated fine chemicals and fluorinated materials, with the improvement of living standards and the rapid development of strategic and emerging industries, the fluorinated industry’s products, with their unique properties, fields of application and market space, are not the same.
In terms of the company’s own endogenous benefits, the company has continued to expand the use of fluorine advanced chemical materials over the years, high-end extension of the industrial chain, increased synergies in multi-chemical industries, continued product structure, product structure optimization, core competitiveness, and a growing competitive position since 2024.
The annual price of refrigerants continues to rise, and we maintain corporate profitability projections: the forecast of net return profits for 2025-2027. The author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and conclusions are free from any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied them in the past, now or in the future.