Annual Report 2022: short-term profit pressure, full project keyword: #stuff reversal #second curve #import substitution # Integration Assistant Goo Ya-man
The rise in raw materials adds to the weakening of demand and the pressure on business performance: due to the Russian-Turkish conflict, international crude oil prices rose significantly in 2022, and the cost of raw materials rose significantly. As a result of the new crown epidemic, downstream demand was weak, product prices were weaker and prices were lower.
Tonne/year propane dehydration (pdh) devices have been successfully driven in one-off vehicles, and can be installed in December of this year on the basis of normal depressurization, aromatic hydrocarbons, ethylene and downstream chemicals of the Rainbow Refining Integration Project.
Low-cost, rich raw materials, further entrenching competitive advantages. Energizing capacity is expected to expand, unleashing high potential: companies are expected to produce 1 million tons of products: 1 million tons of eva: the company now has 300,000 tons of eva capacity and plans to build 700,000 new ones in the future.
The toneva and 50,000 tons of high-end polyolefin material projects will be gradually put into production by the end of 2024 and will be completed by 2025. The market is wide and, with the development of the photovoltaic and cable industries, bubbles, wire cables and photovoltaic membrane have become major consumption areas downstream of the country.
2 million tons of acrylic acrylic: 780,000 tons of acrylic acrylic capacity are currently available, with an additional 260,000 tons in 2023, with a total capacity of 1.04 million tons, the world's first in number. 3) million tons of degradable plastics: 340,000 tons of acrylic anhydride, 300,000 tons of bdo, 180,000 tons of pbat have been planned in one phase.
It is planned to start production in 2024, and future companies will be able to produce degradation plastics on a scale of millions of tons. They look at the company’s build-up from the traditional large-scale refined polyester fibre optics to new energy sources.
In the extreme transformation, companies have high growth and profit margins, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Pressure, big refining + high-speed layout of new materials. Risk of excess refining capacity; and the risk of a “carbon neutral” policy for a significant addition to the petrochemical industry.
Three major financial forecasts for the Eastern Sunnyong stock company, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has an investment advisory committee on securities.