In the evening of April 17, 2023, the Eastern Rainbow released its annual report for 2022. In 2022, the company achieved 63,822 million yuan, or +21.13 per cent, and realized 548 million yuan in net return to the mother.
\triangleright Multifactorial effects of the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, occ+ output reduction, the Fed interest increase, the new crown epidemic, international Ho Xiao Yi, research assistant in the petrochemical industry
The price of oil fluctuated significantly, and the cost of raw materials increased significantly as a whole. Brunte's annual average price was $99.04 per barrel, an increase of $28.10 per barrel over the year. At the demand end, the polyester plate was affected by a domestic outbreak control in 2022, and the longline end performed poorly.
In 2022, pta, poy, dty, fdy net profits were 49.12, 5.52, and 61.14 49.55 per cent respectively. In terms of large refining, a loss of 786 million was incurred due to less than expected demand.
The price of oil has fallen unilaterally, the cost of acrylic has subsided, the price of acrylic has fallen significantly, the effects of the sub-seasonary effects of the industries abs, birconium and brynnium have been compounded, the profitability of the product has continued to shrink, multiple factors have been depressed and the company's performance has been clearly under-stretched.
The cost-side pressure material will ease the recovery of cumulative demand, and big refining is expected to help improve the performance of the company. In December 2022, the company ' s 16 million tons of big refining units were fully operational, with 2.8 million tonnes/year of aromatic capacity and 1.1 million tonnes/year of ethylene fission devices.
At the cost end, the average price of Brent crude oil from the beginning of 2023 to the present is $82 per barrel, a decrease of $17 per barrel compared to the previous year’s average, and an overall shock of $70-90 per barrel.
As international oil prices stabilize at a high level, the pressure on major refining costs has eased. At the demand end, domestic residents have been moving, consuming or will be recovering since the country optimized its control measures at the end of 2022, while capital recovery has been strong, with cumulative growth in capital investment in February 2023.
The structure will be more balanced, and performance is expected to improve during the gradual release of capacity. In conjunction with Sinda Securities, Inc., the company refined the oil product at a 31% rate, which we believe is a low-finished product.
The oil harvest rate will result in more chemical output, and on the one hand it is expected that downstream products will continue to generate revenue to the 9th House of the City of the West Side in Beijing.
Source, on the other hand, provides stable raw materials for corporate polyester fibres, new energy materials, enhances the resilience of the industrial chain to risk, and continuously opens up incremental space for performance.
\triangleright continues to open the market for new materials for downstream chemicals, and the company ' s 20,000-ton ultra-molecular polyethylene project has come into production by the end of last year, and we expect to continue to produce an increase in performance this year; the company has accelerated its layout.
New energy materials products such as eva, poe, have been successfully put into production in the third quarter of last year for 800 tons of medium-poe, plus 300,000 tonnes/year of poe and 200,000 tonnes/year of α-FOA industrial chemical capacity to achieve both eva and poe. In addition, companies can degradable plastics, phosphate, etc.
Lithium, posm and polyol projects are also continuing, with Afforders upgrading to high-end and high-value-added products. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we predict the company ' s net return profits for 2023-2025, respectively
Speed up, maintaining a “buy-in” rating for companies. Risk factors: risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; failure to produce as much as expected; underprofitability of polyester fibres; risk of excess refining capacity; “carbon neutrality” for policies
The risk of significant additions to the petrochemical industry is represented by an expert member, the China Society of Geology and Minerals Economics, and a member of the pool of experts of China's International Engineering Consulting Corporation, who served as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COICA), who worked in research and advice in coal and energy-related fields for more than 10 years and chaired the “13th and 5th” of China.
Research on coal exploration and development planning, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory issues. In June 2016, China joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector. From 2019 to the present, it was responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunjing, cfa, a member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and a Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, who was previously a Certificate in Finance.
Research on large energy panels such as electricity and natural gas. High-level Doctor of Mining, Senior Engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations of the Secondary Enterprises of the China Coal Industry Group, Chinese University of Mining (Beijing), who worked for many years in coal mining, technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, plus June 2022
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical sector. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in petrochemicals.
In July 2022, they joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which works as a master of industrial economics at Jilin University, and in July 2022, in the coal and coal industry. The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.