Macro-volatility leads to performance pressure and demand is expected to hit the bottom of the boom Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) Event 1: On April 17, the Eastern Rainbow released its 2022 annual report to achieve operating income
63.822 billion yuan, or 21.13 per cent more than in the same year; 548 million yuan net profit from the return to the mother, compared to the same year: on April 20, the Eastern Rainbow issued a first-quarter report for 2023, resulting in an operating income of 29.534 billion yuan, or 114.44 per cent more than in the same year; 717 million yuan net profit from the return to the mother, corresponding to the same figure.
● Weak demand and high raw material costs affect year-round profitability and overall business growth slowed down throughout 2022. 700,000 tonnes/year propane dehydration (pdh) devices in Srebonne were successfully driven once during the reporting period; the company's Rainbow Refining Integration Project
Installations such as constant depressure, aromatic hydrocarbons, ethylene and downstream chemicals were put into full production, successfully completed the process, and production and sales increased significantly. Subsidiary, S.P.C. collected 1,650 million yuan annually, with a net profit of 1,428 million yuan, and the Rainbow P.C. made a net profit of 1,94 million yuan.
During this period, the chemical industry experienced a contraction of profits and a higher cost of driving ahead, and the refining project has not yet made a profit. Gross profits from new petrochemical and chemical materials contributed 3,338 million yuan a year, a decrease of 39.44 per cent, compared to the previous year.
The profit was 2,752 million yuan, a reduction of 2.52% in the same year; acetylene contributed a gross profit of 2000 million yuan, and the external macro-environment was volatile throughout the year 2022, while the Srbon Chemical New Materialseva project was a marginal reduction in the profit-making contribution of the public. At the same time, pta, fibre optics, etc., were among the raw materials for the second half of the year.
Prices are high, product demand is weak, production capacity is released leading to an increase in supply and demand, and the company’s overall earnings are under pressure throughout the year.
Prices increased by 43 per cent over the same year, while prices for coal purchases increased by 23 per cent over the same year.
The level of inputs has remained stable. The larger decline in the 2022q4 performance ring is mainly due to three factors, with the lower demand for the first q4 chemical downstream leading to a significant reduction in the price margin; and, second, the high price of the chemical raw materials, with a positive outcome.
At the operational level, based on our tracking, pta-px/px-cerebral oil/Ethylene-ethylene quarterly ring difference in the price of 2022q4 pta-px/px-polycerine.
-39.43%/-15.50%/-47.12%. The price differentials among the various products are evident, mainly due to the rise in the price of the original oil and the fact that downstream demand is not well supported, and the price of the product falls significantly. 2022q4 new material plates have been priced at a price differential ofeva-ethylene-va/acrylate-propene-ammonium-ammonium.
/mma - methanol - acetone/eo - ethylene/eoa-eo-amine/tpeg-eo-quarterly price differentials in the product have become apparent, mainly as a result of low demand for end-market loading in the second half of the year, leading to a fall in prices in the second half of the year.
The price differential for 2022q4 polyester fibre plates was set at the pet-pta-meg/dty-pet quarterly ring ratio -41.06 per cent/+120.52 per cent, and the price differential for dty products was relaxed, mainly because of the larger decline in the prices of products upstream in the fourth quarter and the supporting cost.
Materials will improve demand and lower prices. According to our tracking, the main product, 2023q1 pta-px/acrylonitrile-propylene-ammonium/eva-ethylene-va/dty-pet, has started to grow, and the company’s stock price of prior production has been partly reversed.
On the whole, we believe that the 2023 recovery tone is clear, while crude oil and coal prices are rich in high-end product matrices, scale chains are expanding supply capacity, and the new “1+n” new energy materials strategy of 2023 is fully operational.
After a full year of physicalization, the company, based on the advantage of refining the integrated material platform and pre-positioning new materials, has further planned a follow-up expansion plan for eeva, acetylene, and degradable materials, which will triple the total amount of new materials in the future and contribute to the growth of corporate profits.
New high-end material projects such as polyolefin elastomers (poe) to promote the production of new materials for high-end chemical industries, with the goal of nationalizing substitution, leading to an upgrading of the high-end transformation of the petrochemical industry chain.
To be strong and strong, while actively exploring new downstream materials and increasing product differentiation and value addition. We are experiencing large fluctuations in crude oil and coal prices as a result of higher crude oil prices than expected and changes in macro-economy;
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.