In the evening of 20 April 2023, the Eastern Rainbow released its first quarterly report for 2023. In the first quarter of 2023, the company achieved a revenue of $29,534 million, or 114,44 per cent, or 72.57 per cent, of the ring;
The net profit is 717 million yuan, or 4.75 per cent of the year, and the ring is 169.68 per cent; the net profit is deducted from the net profit of the non-repatriate; the cost-side pressure is reduced and demand is tempered and the company’s performance is repaired.
After entering 2023, international oil prices ended the unilateral downward trend and the overall operation was smooth, with the effects of the marginal weakening of the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, the continued increase in the dollar, which pushed federal-based interest rates to a high level. In the first quarter of 2023, Brent crude oil prices averaged $82.10 per barrel, ring ratio.
Ho Xiaoje, research assistant in the petrochemical industry, has been operating well, engaging services and conglomerate consumption. With improved control measures in the country, residents have rebounded, capital investments have been rising and finished.
Oil and chemical products consumption has recovered, polyester downstream demand has warmed, industrial stocks have been deflated, and single-ton profit rings have improved significantly. In the first quarter of 2023, the silhouettes, dty, and fdy single tons of large refining units were fully operational and the company ' s refining projects had 2.8 million tonnes/year aromatic aromatic capacity.
The size of the ethylene fission device is 1.1 million tonnes/year. After the completion of the refining project, the product structure of the company will be more balanced, and the performance will increase even further in the process of progressive energy release and industry climate.
The project's low-finished oil harvest will result in more chemical output, on the one hand, with the prospect of sustained abundance, a steady supply of raw materials, increased industry chain resilience, sustained growth in performance, new high-end products producing or going to continue to be released, allowing companies to grow.
The company has continued to open the market for new materials for downstream chemicals, and the company ' s 20,000-ton ultra-molecular polyethylene project was launched at the end of last year, and is expected to continue to produce an increase in performance this year; the company has accelerated the deployment of new energy materials products, such as eeva and poe, which were tested in 800 tons of poe in the third quarter of last year.
The project has been successfully put into production, with an additional 300,000 tonnes/year poe and 200,000 tonnes/year α-vinyl hydrocarbons industrialized, along the lines of eva and poe. In addition, the company ' s degradable plastics, Sinda securities, Inc.
Projects such as lithium phosphate, posm and polyols are also continuing, with Affirmators upgrading to high end and high value-added products in cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing, profit forecast and investment rating: we forecast the company's net return profit in 2023-2025.
Long-speed, maintaining a “buy-in” rating for companies. Risk factors: risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; failure to produce as much as expected; unprofitable polyester fibres; risk of excess refining capacity; “carbon neutral” policies
The risk of significant additions to the petrochemical industry is represented by an expert member, the China Society of Geology and Minerals Economics, and a member of the pool of experts of China's International Engineering Consulting Corporation, who served as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COICA), who worked in research and advice in coal and energy-related fields for more than 10 years and chaired the “13th and 5th” of China.
Research on coal exploration and development planning, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory issues. In June 2016, China joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector. From 2019 to the present, it was responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunjing, cfa, a member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and a Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, who was previously a Certificate in Finance.
Research on large energy panels such as electricity and natural gas. High-level Doctor of Mining, Senior Engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations of the Secondary Enterprises of the China Coal Industry Group, Chinese University of Mining (Beijing), who worked for many years in coal mining, technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, plus June 2022
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical sector. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in petrochemicals.
In July 2022, they joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which works as a master of industrial economics at Jilin University, and in July 2022, in the coal and coal industry. The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.