East rainbows (000301.sz) Reverse at the bottom of performance, demand recovery period, petrochemicals, refining and trading.
The year 2022 was under pressure, but the bottom of the 2301 was reversed. The year 2022 generated $63,822 million, the same year the first quarter of the year received $29,534 million, the ring ratio +72.57 per cent; the net return to the mother is $717 million, and the ring is still at a high profit level.
In view of the optimistic demand for additional installed capacity in 2023 after the delivery of silicon materials, the high-end light voltage supply and demand patterns have further increased, we believe that the industry of the eva is still in a high weather cycle over a period of two years and that the price of silicon materials has stabilized in the near future, which is expected to further stimulate the demand for downstream components and secure them.
The price of oil has been reversed and the outbreak has been repaired, and the polyester plate is expected to improve. In 2022, the company earned revenue from the fibre optics, the price of oil has been adjusted over 2022, and the polyester plate cost end pressure has been reduced, but due to polyesters
In the low season, the current profits are still at a low level, and future profits from polyester plates are expected to warm up as the economy recovers. Large-scale refining, integrated layouts, new materials like poe, etc.
East Rainbow (000301.sz) - Full commissioning of the Great Refinery Project, company development of the Project for Normal Pressure Depressure, aromatic hydrocarbons, ethylene and downstream chemical engineering devices, etc., have been successfully completed and fully launched
The company will continue to expand on the high-end applications of downstream material operations, mainly in hand projects, using the one Eastern Rainbow (000301.sz-eva) to drive performance up, large-scale refining and new materials, and the advantage of the industrial chain.
The Eastern Rainbow (000301.sz) - Shrbang led a significant increase in performance, extensive refining of polyols, degradable plastics, lithium phosphate, poe, etc. The Eastern Rainbow - 000301 - Major Events Rapid Review: Srb finished home, performance forecast, etc.
Investment proposals: below profit forecasts, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Corporate performance has improved significantly since then, driven by demand recovery.eva profits have remained high.
+2.7%; Māori 2,752 million, i.e. 2.52%. The current prices for domestic bubbles in the East China region are about $16,500/tonne, cable prices are about $16,000-16,500/tonne, and photovoltaic prices are about 18,000/tonne.
In 2023, the optimistic demand for additional installed capacity after the delivery of silicon materials, and the rising demand for and supply of high-end photovoltaic materials, we believe that the industry is still in a high-growth cycle in two years and that the price of silicon materials has stabilized in the near future, which is expected to further stimulate the demand for downstream components and guarantee the profitability of company products.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject