China: Home durability, 2018-02, 2018/01.
It's projected to be 3 million units in 2019.
The target price is hidden in an up/down: 23.9% of components and micro-record sales above the Volvo New Energy Electric Motors platform.
Global suppliers of water-coolboard projects.
In the next three years, the cagr, or a split of 20 million new energy heat management zeros, is expected to be added and technologically modified.
In 2017, the company bought three pieces of steam from the company’s subsidiary, and entered the auto parts and components of the auto heat management industry.
The new energy car heat management has become more permanent, and the home power industry has been growing steadily.
The system is one of the most important components of the new energy vehicle, with a combination of $6,500 per unit, nearly three times the conventional RMI component. Three flowers are Tesla, Uri, Volvo, Benz, etc.
The plant's core heat management provider, along with the production of the order-ordered explosive car type, the three-flower car heater, the plate capr or 66.7 per cent between 2017 and 2020, with a projected harvest of 1,463 million dollars in 2018, a 27 per cent increase over the same period.
Rmb 359.9 million, 72.42 per cent of the new energy car parts and 2,000 heat units raised annually.
Three Flowers Holdings Ltd., which has the world's highest market for many domestic parts and components, and commercial cooling, which is expected to be replaced by the world's leading market for three major products, four tradables, electric inflators, microchannels, etc., are the world's number one market for heat exchangers.
Municipal cleanliness rates (2018f), 56%, 30%, and 50%.
A simple profit sheet (rmb million dollars) is sold. Second, an alternative space of 43.1 billion dollars is available for 16% of the microchannel industry, with 3 million new products projected to be available in 2019, supporting sales of more than $3 billion.
The Avico dishwasher industry, with only 1% penetration in China, increased its consumption rate, sold the dishwasher market cagr in 2017-2021, or 77.07%, and sold the market in 2021, estimated to be over $30 billion.
For the first time, it was added to the scope of the study, and the rating was bought: when the three flowers had been bought, the plate was enhanced, and there was an improvement in the efficiency of the work. The three-piece zero capital structure was either refined to break through the energy bottle neck, the group integrated with the Māori upgrade to form a new growth pole, the valuation was not fully remodeled, and there was still a breakthrough up.
Space. Three flowers are the only core part of the heat supply for new energy and smart cars such as Tesla and Ursa, with a strong scale, a high level of entry, a clear advantage, and a range of research based on a 30.3-fold pe-based target of 22.9 yuan.
The following researchers have made significant contributions to this report:
The company’s name, the company’s name, which is carried by Yuan Da and his research report, may be in the business of the present or future, and the investors should understand that the company may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of the report. In making their investment decisions, investors should consider the report only one of these considerations.
Aerobics, household power double-wheel drive, clean or quadrupling in 2020. Multi-products of domestic electricity and spare parts are number one in the world.
The auto parts and components are mainly surrounded by auto heat management, with a very large number of cars and new energy areas. The household power unit is a three-flower industry unit, and the car heat management plate has been merged since 2017, starting at 3q and forming a new long-form. The three-coloured domain model should be clear.
The market share of the four-channels, electric inflators, and micro-channel heaters is the world’s first, with 56%, 30%, and 50%. The global market share of the zero-carbon industry was also over 16% in 2016, and 37% in the domestic market.
The cooling line in the widget plate is the main source of profit for the three flowers, with a rate of more than 50% in 2016, a steady build-up of traditional home use and a rapid advance in commercial electricity, and a three-flower cooling line that is expected to break through 7 billion sales in three years.
The bowler, the washing machine's heating component, the triflower Avico power plant in Germany, which accounts for 16% of the annual harvest in 2016, should be replaced mainly by the replacement of traditional air conditioning and cold chain areas, which provide a rare opportunity for change, increased environmental claims and cost upgrades, or
Car heat management panels coincide with a wave of new energy and smart cars, with a boom in core clients, a zero-plate product that will explode in 2019, a sale in four years, a five-fold increase in sales, a sharp rise in three flowers for Māori, and a year-on-year rise in contribution rates.
In a development scenario, strategic development of commercial cooling and car heat management plates, with a growing contribution of high Māori production in the collection structure, with a net profit of $2,575 million in 2020, is the projected clean profit management of 2017 (002050ch)
Figure 2: The Three-Purpose Strategic Development of Commercial Colds and Automobile Heat Management Blocks, Automobile Air Conditioning and Heat Management System Control Component Collection
▪ Other (intellectual control) Collections (coffee, washing machines, other electrical control systems and parts) Microchannel heaters and components Refrigerating (commercial) operations units
Rate of increase in the collection of chiller units (households) Microchannel heaters and components — rate of increase in the collection of the Avico units
- Rate of growth in the collection of components of auto air conditioning and heat management systems - rate of increase in other (intelligent control) collection
Data source: company data, Yuan Da China: household durability
On the 13th of February, 2018, Trina's brain control (002050ch) was introduced into the new energy car heat management, with Tesla and Wei waiting for a core of the company's suppliers.
The heat management industry is wide-ranging, with new energy vehicle demand in 2020 or up to 10 billion new energy vehicle heat management functions and high-value components: the new energy vehicle heat management system is a key factor in determining the duration of the journey and the life of the thunder pool, compared to the traditional car heat management system.
Managing the image extends from the cockpit to electrical control and adds warmth and heat to the cooling base. As a result of increased technical difficulties and increased demand for heat management sub-modules, the value of the new energy car heat management component amounts to $6,500/one is 267.41% of the conventional car heat management component value.
Fig. 3: The strategic development of commercial cooling and car heat management plates — the average price of traditional car heat management systems and major components (totalling approximately $2430/car) The policy drive for the rapid development of new energy vehicles, the new demand for new energy car heat management in 2020 or the breaking of 10 billion dollars:
On 2017/9/27, the Ministry of Trade and Finance, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, the Customs Department and the Attorney General ' s Office launched " Average Fuel Consumption by Car Enterprises and New Energy Vehicle Stocking Together " , which shows that the double share will be implemented in 2018, that the new energy stock ratio will be applied in 2019, and that the policy of the double share will be strongly promoted.
China’s new energy and car industry has developed, and China’s new energy and car is on the fast track. In addition, the Development and Reform Commission has planned to reach 50% of China’s new smart car and 50% of China’s smart car by 2020, and China’s smart car or China’s domestic durable wealth.
On the 13th of February 2018, Sanhua Smart Control (002050ch) was completed in the first half of 2018.
In 2017, China’s new energy vehicle sales reached 777,000 vehicles, an increase of 53% over the previous year. If we realize 2.12 million new energy by 2020, the demand for new energy car heat management parts will reach 13.8 billion dollars a year, and 1882 billion dollars a year in 2030.
All car heat management zero components, except compressors, have been covered, in terms of the current composition, three flowers, zero steam associated heat management in market space or $7.4 billion by 2020, potentially market size or $101,385 million by 2030, and a projected 32 per cent capr over the next 12 years.
The space is wide, and China: Home durability, 13th of February 2018
On page 5, 20 pages of capital were injected into a long space to raise capital to break through the neck: in 2017, three flowers were bought for the company's zero capital.
Its core products include heat, fluid, heat, electron, control, presses, etc., of which heat is sold at 14.44 million per year, liquids at 9.38 million per year, and global market share at 16%.
In 2016, the average capacity of the main products of the three flower zeros reached 72.42%, of which the capacity of the expansion and fluids was more than 95%, limiting the growth in productivity.
The three-year project to raise funds for the construction of 11.5 million new energy car parts per year, 7.3 million new energy vehicles per year, RMS component technical modifications, and 12.7 million vehicle air conditioning components per year are expected to be fully launched by the end of 2019 and early 2020, raising corporate performance.
Source: Corporate bulletins, technology research and development, clear and stable client structure: Sanhua currently has 275 research and development staff, 21.59% of the total staff, and as of 2017/06, the Sanhu and its affiliates had jointly acquired authorized in-country expertise.
One hundred and twenty-two, 13 offshore, and 227 unrewarded by the Triflower Institute. The three-flower start-up car is a typical worldwide app. It's the only industry in the country that has the ability to use high-quality vehicles in parallel with bulk-loaded inflators and liquid storage at the same time as the three-flower star car.
China’s only or won the Peace Prize so far, is a firm leader. With the pre-eminence of technology research, the three flowers have become a globally recognized combination (for example, services such as Fareo, Mahler) and a class-level supplier of a well-known whole-car company (for example, Mercedes, General, Upper and First-Car).
On 13th of February 2018, Sanhua WikiLeaks (002050ch) China: Home durability.
Page 6, 20 pages, car parts entered the door high, the certification period for the entire garage in the country was about 2-3 years, the certification period for the entire car factory abroad was about 3-5 years, and the life cycle for a new car was about 6-7 years, plus triple cost.
Tesla, Wei, etc., is a core car company with an over-expected three-suited zero-sum career in 2018: Tesla and Ui, with an extremely strong sticking effect as the lead players in electric and smart car fields, have become their suppliers.
The impact of the three-flower global market will be evident, followed by the construction of Tesla's domestic plant, which will gradually realize real production, and the sale of cars, which in 2018 generated 1,463 million dollars, an increase of 27 per cent. Three-flowers are now believed to be the first and second generation producing more than expected.
Cars, Teslamodel3 heat-management suppliers, and Volvo, public, Daimler's new energy platform, managing the zero-part exclusive supply provider. Tesla's bike is worth about $200, and it's worth more than 300 million yuan and 1.1 billion yuan in scheduled sales over two-generation life cycles.
US$ 220, assuming that the three-flower and other car heat-management industries grew at a rate of 22%, 18%, 17%, with billions, 1,463 million, 2,063 million and 2,661 million dollars.
On the 13th of February 2018, the world's leading market for multiple parts of domestic electricity and the commercial cooling is expected to be replaced by imports.
Core cold service support, strict control of risks to increase Māori, reasonable pricing models shift risks, and model effects highlight cost advantages: in 2016, three-for-59% of the revenue came from air-conditioning refrigerators producing coolers.
On the one hand, about 80 per cent of the orders take price-fixing patterns that affect the price of the final product, using the monthly average price of raw materials as a variable, and on the other hand, hedged the product for which the sale price is agreed.
In the broader context of supply-side reforms in 2018, the rise in the price of copper will not have a significant impact on Māori. Figure 8: Māori three flowers, which are high, are weak in relation to the price of copper, and the cost of the three flowers should be clearly lower than the average in the industry.
At the same time, the technology is low, but because of the high efficiency, quality and quality of the three flowers, the sales price is lower than the cost of some small factories producing their own, which increases the industry’s entry into the walls, and increases the client’s stability. On the whole, the three flowers are about 10% higher than the competition’s shield.
In addition, the company will continue its efforts on the path of light quantification, miniaturization, standardization and serialization, controlling costs in terms of material cutting, increasing communication with downstream companies, pursuing product serialization in product design circles, labelling, commercial cooling with the promise of real import substitution, and improving overall Maori integration: focusing on the development of commercial cold domain packages
This is one of the company’s main developments in recent years. In 2016, the three-flower air-conditioning camps received about $1 billion, less than 17% of the total, higher prices for commercial cold products, and a Maori rate of about 40%, which is significantly higher than the rate of around 30% for domestic refrigeration components, and an increase in the share of commercial cold products will increase.
The company as a whole matches the Mäori. Compared to the leader of the home-made cold domain, the commercial cold-field global market, which has only about 5% of the world's market, and most of the supply is still in the cross-country business, with a future market share of about 30% cagr, or 2.660 billion yuan by 2020 in the triflower industry.
With 40% of the development of the cold industry, it is now about 6% of the annual increase in the total production of the coldware industry. China: Home durability, 13.02.2018
3x2050ch focuses on the cold industry, with the Dragon Head benefiting from the high profile of the air-conditioning industry: the benefits of the low base, the heat of the weather, the storage effects and the after-effects of the real estate, increased by 141.716 million in 2017 for the air-conditioning industry.
Thirty-one percent. Three-flower core clients, Grigori and Hale, accounted for 9,215 million air-conditioning sales in 2017, 36.18 percent more than in the same year. Air-conditioning as of 2017, $235 million more than in the same year, 49.41 percent more than in the same year, 51.02 percent more than in the same year.
The core client Hale, America, was 4.75% of the sales, the three-coloured cold products from 2017 were used to near-saturation, the performance was fully released, and the household coolers were collected or increased by 33%. Air-conditioning sales in 2018 were expected to continue at a high rate, and the three-flower custom cold orders were sufficient: on the one hand, we were empty per capita.
The increase is only 1.2 units, and there is still more room for ownership per capita of 2.6 units in a more mature home market, such as Japan, where overall household air-conditioning sales are expected to remain at 5-10% left in 2018.
On the one hand, the commercial cold industry has followed the development of the cold chain, and the country’s production has been pushed forward, spending nearly three years or more, or more than 30% of the growth rate. On the whole, there is enough downstream demand for the traditional 2018 cold industry, with cagr holding around 13% in 2017-2018.
China: Home durability, 13.02.2018.
Microchannels replace 43.1 billion spaces, dragons release and boost their performance, microchannels account for 43% of the world's cities, and products have clear alternatives: microchannels are also known as microchannel heaters, which are used to create cold air conditioning, food chains, and so on. Three flowers are absolute dragons in the microchannel domain, with full market occupancy rates.
First, 43%, and 50% of the country's market. As the country's first professional researcher and producer, using commercial air conditioning for the use of micro-channels for heaters, the three-flower micro-channels have been granted 180 certificates of patentation, the most highly-received enterprise in the country that produces cold air-conditioning for the use of micro-channels for heaters, the Department of Product Research and Technology.
Microchannels for heat exchange have significant energy-efficient environment advantages and are widely used in markets such as air-conditioning, cold and heat pumps. They are more than 30% more energy-efficient than conventional wings for copper, and only about 75% of conventional heat-changers.
By the end of 2016, micro-channels were potentially 46 billion dollars on the market, with only 6.4% of the market for micro-channel heaters and 93.6% of the conventional heat changers and 43 billion dollars in replacement space.
The market is expected to expand as consumption rises and environmental claims increase, adding to domestic production.
With the launch of the 2015 fund-raising project, the micro-channel industry will expand to cover a steady rise in production (002050ch).
China: Home durability, page 10, with a 20-page sales rate guaranteed. Today, the 3-channel industry has three main bases: Hangzhou Base, USA.
The project was launched in December 2017, and the Mexican base project is expected to be 67% to the right, and the Mexico project has been suspended, with the misappropriation of funds to support the automaticization of 700,000 new heat exchangers at the Hangzhou base.
Data source: company announcements, large-scale production can expand the reputational and air-conditioning industry, micro-channel operations or over-exploitation: three-channel minimum performance commitments.
For 2015-2017, clean profits were divided between 110 million, 140 million and 175 million, with a projected clean profits scenario, a gradual expansion of microrecording capacity in the state of Garang and the Mexican base, and a windfall or over-exploitation of the microrecord industry in 2017, with an increase of 20 per cent or more, which is $14.97 million higher than expected.
China: Home durability, 13.02.2018.
Page 11, 20 pages, cagr or 77.07% of dishwasher business for almost four years, Avico's profitability continues to improve.
1%, with the continued rise in the disposable income of all Chinese residents, the rise of the “new middle” class, and ageing, further increases in labour costs, and a new generation of consumer groups pursuing the idea of comfortable consumption, washing dishes or becoming the next consumer-up. In 2017, retail sales of the entire market of Chinese dishwashers reached the point of improvement.
$4.8 billion, with a growth rate of 140.8%, has become the best product of all household appliances. By 2021, sales in the market for dishwashers are expected to reach $32.38 billion, and cagr will reach 77.07% in 2017-2021.
Figure 14: The dishwasher's penetration rate in China is extremely low. Data source: China Commercial Research Institute, Yuan Da, core provider of dishwasher components, continuously improving profitability.
The first provider of system components, the dishwasher camp, accounts for 72% of its total revenues and is growing at an increasing rate from year to year. Products such as the main product, the mega pump, the water softening system, the distributors, are the core parts of the dishwasher, with major clients including Miller, Philip, Bsh, Heiyepo, Ileks, Helbling.
Figure 16: Revenue structure of the Aveko main camp 2016
13th of February 2018, Trina Wisdom (002050ch), page 12, 20 pages.
After the three flowers in Avico in 2013, the Avico camp continued to grow and its profitability improved, from a loss of $135 million in 2013 to a basic real-life balance in 2015, to a profit of $1043 million in 2016. This is not only due to the release of the industry’s red industry to increase the sales of dishwashers; it is also due to three flowers.
In addition, the three flowers provide continuous input and support to Avico’s business, addressing the impact of pre-buying break-ups on booking and attracting the former.
The market for dishwashers in the country is starting gradually, and interest rates are expected to increase.
13th of February 2018, Trina Wisdom (002050ch), page 13, 20 pages.
In conjunction with the growth of the stimulus, the re-engineering valuation of the scarce heat management label, the broad development of the purchase of the zero-breeding industry, the re-engineering valuation of the rare new energy vehicle heat management logo: the atmosphere is high, the performance in 2017 was unmistakable: after the 3q zero-breeding schedule in 2017, the currency exchange rate appreciated the treasury.
On the basis of an increase of 33.09 per cent to US$96 billion in the same year, the q1-q3 Māori ratio for 2017 and the three-channel zero real gain of US$ 970 million in 2017, a 73 per cent increase in the same year, with a generally higher car industry profile in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year, with a further rapid growth in the expected second half of the year, with a three-flower industry success rate in 2017.
The three flowers are the only core heat-management parts and components suppliers for new energy and smart cars like Tesla and Uri, and are typical of e-inflated companies around the world.
For about two to three years, the external validation period has reached three to five years, and given the obvious cost advantage, the probability of switching suppliers from a cost-pressure plant during the life cycle is extremely low. Gartezra and Amer are logos for electric and smart cars.
With the addition of the three-flower heat management industry, the valuation has not yet been fully recreated, and the current valuation level is still within the reasonable range of the original power and spare parts industry.
It is hoped that the valuation will be re-established, moving upwards over a single appliance industry valuation area. Māori in the electricity sector is higher than in the same company, and there is a clear advantage in the scale: with three flower redevelopments, cost containment, a slight development of high Māori products, the Māori rate of cold spare parts production has been rising since 2013.
With 34.2% in 2016, performance growth was stable, and the only company in the last three years without a negative increase. The global market for core products, e-bullet, cut-off and quadruple, was 30%, 30% and 56%, and the price was strong and the scale was high.
The world’s first-line air-conditioning, refrigerator-based dragon-heads like looser, more beautiful, more powerful, and so on, with a moderate increase in household electricity markets, the three-flower clients’ business load is expected to grow and household electricity orders are sufficient. China: Home-based spending is long-lasting.
13th of February 2018, Trina Wisdom (002050ch), page 14, 20 pages.
Figure 21: Three Flowers has a strong profitability. Figure 20: Three Flowers has a significantly higher Māori ratio than their co-workers.
Source: Corporate bulletins, dollar-based agreements, and the promotion of capital-based zero capital structures to raise and expand production and release performance. Three flowers have an advantage in terms of capital structure and solvency, and three are among the lowest in terms of co-opts, the lowest in terms of debt, the highest in terms of capacity to pay and the high rate of liquidity; and three are highly volatile.
In 2016, the zero cost was 130.1 per cent and 129.8 per cent of the wages of the workers who were paid in advance, and the asset and debt ratios were higher among the employees.
Fig. 22: Three Flowers Board Debt Rate is lower than that of their corporate counterparts Data source: Company Bulletin, Yuan Da Data Source: Company Bulletin, Yuan Da
In 2016, the three-channel zero-product capacity was close to full, and the shortage of capital limited the expansion of the product. After the three-channel zero had been purchased, its ability to pay and its debt structure would be enhanced, and the build-up of the zero-input project would expand its capacity, and the zero-in-service performance would be expected to break through the cap and open up the space for development.
The rate of increase is only 10.2% compared to the same heat management zero, and there is still a big gap in space. For the first time, it is projected to add three flowers to the research range and a target price of $22.9, based on a 30.3-fold pe calculation.
13th of February 2018, Trina Wisdom (002050ch), page 15, 20 pages.
Data sources: company data, Yuanda, bloomberg data sources: company data, Yuanda, bloomberg data sources: company data, Yuanda, bloomberg
China: Home durability, 13.02.2018.
Page 16, 20 pages Data source: company data, Yuanda, Bloomberg data source: company data, Yuanda
China: Home durability, 13.02.2018.
A. Key disclosures: Analyst who is primarily responsible for writing the full or partial content of the study report and who is responsible for issuing the certificate or certificate in this report, this statement: (a) all the points in the paper reflect his personal views on the issuers of the certificate or certificate; and (b) the specific investment proposals or observations made by the analysts of the Department of Research in this study are not directly or indirectly related to any part of his past, present or future remuneration.
3-year-old trend in investment advice and target prices: a = adjusted share price based on equity and cash; b = unadjusted target price; c = adjusted target price based on equity and cash equity.
Bought: We have a positive view of the stock, based on the Centre's prediction of whether the equity investment period is absolute or relative. This view is based on the Centre's analysis of the stock's development prospects, financial statements, current, multiple issues, evaluation information, and risks. It is recommended that investors increase the share in the investment stock. Holding - beyond the industry: The Centre believes that the stock base is more attractive than the same business at the current stock price.
This view is based on the Centre’s analysis of the stock’s development prospects, financial performance, rich material, evaluation information, and risk profile.
Sold: Based on the Centre’s prediction of absolute or relative rates of remuneration during the investment period of the file, we have a negative view of the stock. This view is based on the Centre’s assessment of its development prospects, financial statements: the Centre’s expectations, ratings, targets are still under evaluation, but it is still actively tracking the stock.
Comment: The value of the dollar to a share is calculated over a 12-month investment period. There is no official 12-month target price for the Great China Exploration series, and the investment proposal is based on the analyst's report, which assigns a major copyright of US$2018. The content of this report is derived from the company's recognized data sources, but does not guarantee its integrity or correctness. The report is not an offer or solicitation for the sale of any certificate. All comments and estimates in the report are based on the company's findings on a specific date, and any changes are not notified.
This report only provides general information, information or any opinion, and does not constitute any offer or offer of a purchase certificate or other investment. The publication of the report is intended only for the general use of clients, and is not intended to provide specific investment advice, and does not take into account the different financial circumstances and objectives of any person who may receive the report. For any certificate, investment label or investment strategy discussed or recommended in the investment report, or discussed or recommended in the document, the investor should consult with financial consultants on whether it is appropriate for itself.
13th of February 2018 China: Home durability 3x3 (002050ch)
This report does not (and should not be interpreted as such) in any jurisdiction, any person or company that is not in compliance with the law with a certificate of attorney or with a transaction for the purpose of conducting or conducting a transaction in that jurisdiction.
In the United States, only major investors are reported to be registered under section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act 1934 and its amendments (released under Rule 15a-6 of the Securities Exchange Act 1934 and its amendments by the United States Securities Exchange Commission). American investors who want to carry out transactions related to the certificates in this report are required to pass through the securities register under section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act 1934 and its amendments.
Taiwanns who want to obtain detailed information on any certificate contained in this report should contact the Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation by means of the following means:
Hong Kong citizens who wish to obtain detailed information on any certificate contained in this report from Taiwan City, Taiwan 104 Nankingdong Road, are required to contact Yuan Dalian Co. Ltd. by:
18 Hae Fu Road, Hong Kong. 23rd floor, Hee Fu Center. China: Home dynasty.
13th of February 2018, Trina Wisdom (002050ch), page 20, 20 pages.