The three-point core drivers drive zero-performance growth and, in April 2017, Samurai has issued shares to Zhejiang Green Energy Industries Group Ltd.
We believe that the three core drivers are driving the future growth in the performance of the Samurai: (1) We believe that the sales of new energy vehicles in the country will remain at a rate of more than 40 per cent by 2020.
Automobile and spare parts industry research teams will double their sales every other year, adding up to the new energy car heat management system with a huge increase in the value of bicycles compared to traditional cars, and the future of the company ' s zero business sector is expected to increase significantly. (2) The current model3 is now subject to a significant increase.
The volume of output bottlenecks is still not as high as expected, but the number of orders remains large, and given the likely gradual normalization of future Tesla production rates and the fact that the volume of model3 sales is well above the previous two models, we believe that the volume of model 3 in the future will contribute to sustained growth in the company’s performance.
International flagship companies like Mahler, Tesla, General Motors, Benz, etc., will promote a higher penetration of corporate products in mainstream national brands. Microchannels for heat change are developed in tandem with a zero gas business.
Microchannels play a similar role to the heat exchangers in cars, and there are synergies between microchannel operations and the zero-gas operation for three flowers. In recent years, microchannel technologies have triggered technological innovations in traditional industrial refrigeration, car air conditioning, household air conditioning, and energy-saving emission reductions.
The results show that, compared to conventional heat exchangers, the energy efficiency of micro-channel heat exchangers is on average higher than 30 per cent, volume is reduced by more than 30 per cent, material weights are reduced by about 50 per cent, refrigerant use is good cash flow in the home electric business, leads are strong and performance growth is stable.
The company is the leading global refrigeration control element, and the "3F" refrigeration self-control device has become one of the world's leading brands and is highly valued by well-known leading domestic and foreign companies as a strategic partner of many well-known air-conditioning manufacturers around the world and within the country.
One, Maori is stable, cash flows are good. Industry leads have been established in the global refrigeration and air conditioning self-control software market, and will continue to move towards "industry leaders." In the short and medium term, the replacement of electronic expansion valves is still relatively high and growing; microchannel operations will be profitable for companies.
The new growth point is more competitive than other firms in the same industry.
"Intelligently: 1317 million yuan in the Chinese press, net profit for mothers of 1,225 million yuan, 1,496 million yuan, 1,731 million yuan, pss, stable business performance, huge space for steam zero."
There has been a sharp drop in the growth rate of automobile sales, and new energy sources are selling less than expected, and Tesla is producing less than expected.
The domestic electricity market has declined, with sales of 250,000 vehicles in 2, Tesla 2018 and 400,000 in 2019.4 The replacement of domestic electronic expansion valves still has some scope for upscaling.
Unlike the general public's perception that the market is generally considered to be a pure beneficiary of Tesla's business, which accounts for a very high share of zero, the public sector currently accounts for less than 18 per cent of Tesla's contribution in the zero business.
Step-by-step and future Tesla’s expected expansion of production capacity in Chinese construction plants will drive companies’ performance to continue to grow.2 There is a general perception in the market that companies, like the rest of the domestic and foreign heat management system producers, are on the starting line of the new energy car heat management system. But we believe that mainstream heat-management system producers cannot produce the kind of valves that are available.
Creativity, but three flowers have demonstrated their technical readiness for auto heat management systems after expanding the microchannel heater business, and the industry has a significant comparative advantage.3 The market is now widely regarded as having a leading international clientele for zero, and we believe that the company currently has a product package at Tara.
Large international mainframe manufacturers such as Benz, General Motors, consistent with the company’s consistent strategic approach of starting from the top, and having a major international client endorsement will have a greater advantage in the company’s future entry into the domestic mainstream and autonomous branding supply chain.1, Model3 production is gradually normalized, sales and single-car value increases double-wheel-drive company performance growth.
New-energy automobile sales are higher than expected.3 Future Tesla is expected to build a plant in China.4 International major clients have endorsed the rapid increase in domestic ownership of the brand penetration of products.
5. Microchannel operations will constitute a new growth point for corporate profits, with future help companies breaking out of zero operations.6 Basic valve products are stable and cash flows are performing well.1 Prices of raw materials are volatile.
Tesla's output fell short of expectations.5 The domestic electricity market was down.
The company was formally established in 1994 and was formerly a joint venture between the Xinchang Refrigeration Plant and the Samurai Engineering Co. Ltd., which developed mainly the air-conditioning refrigeration components business. In 2004, the Tripoc Group entered the capital market through a review. In 2005, the stockholding was officially listed on the Shenzhen Exchange, and in 2016, the short title of the securities was changed to
In 2015, MicroTracker, Inc., 2017, Car Spare Parts, Inc. According to the three-quarterly report, the company's accumulated revenues this year amounted to $7,190 million, an increase of 23.50 per cent over the previous year; operating profits of $1,165 million.
Growth, a stable supply relationship with Tesla, etc. The expected net return of the company to its mother for 17 years, 12.8-1340 billion net interest rates and Māori sales rates for the last five years show an upward trend in the profitability of the company over the years, mainly for three main reasons: (1) a steady increase in the collection of microchannel heaters and Māori levels relative to the rest of the company ' s product.
Higher, pulling corporate overall profitability; (2) a gradual increase in the share of Māori products, such as electronic expansion valves, leading to higher levels of Māori in companies; and (3) the company ' s current global valve leader, with a higher bargaining power, we predict that the company ' s next profitability will increase further.
Over the past five years, the cost of R & D has continued to rise, with spending on R & D in 2016 being 1.8 times higher than in 2012. The Division has focused on increasing investment in product R & D from year to year, aiming to actively expand markets for high-quality products, providing high-quality technology services and solutions to clients, and creating value for the technology ahead.
In 2014, at the China Refrigeration Exhibition Innovations launch, large single-body four-way valves were awarded the Innovation Products Award. In 2015, three Xsf large-scale spin-off four-way valves were awarded the Innovation Products Award for two products: the heat pump for the heater. In 2015, the heat pump for the heater won the Innovation Products Award for the cooling in China.
The system was awarded the “Innovation Award for the Integration of Critical Technologies or Systems.” In addition, the Group's Three Flowers Central Institute, which has been working hard for years on new energy vehicle parts and components, was injected into the public company, including 232 patents and, until the three-flash zero business was incorporated, the air conditioning refrigerator component business had been up to 60 per cent and over, representing the company's main surplus.
Li Li, after the acquisition of Aveko, Germany, in 2015, the operations of coffee machines, washing machines and other electrical control system components also stabilized at around 15%. The forecast is that in 2017, the injection of the zero-breeding business will result in a larger share of the major business modules compared to the structure. Companies have increased their sales in recent years, with a larger volume of foreign customers ' orders, accounting for 56.6% in 2016, which is the main factor.
Due to the impact of the domestic air conditioner inventory from 2015 to 2016, the company ' s domestic sales of refrigeration spare parts products will improve over the long term as the stock runs to an end, with the expected elimination of (i) the operating principles of the thermal management system and its current industry in 2017 and beyond
The primary role of car heat management is to provide a suitable temperature environment for passengers in the cockpit and to keep parts of the vehicle within the appropriate temperature range.
In the conventional car air-conditioning system, compressors start to work with engines, driving refrigerants (r134a).
An environmentally friendly refrigerant that does not damage the ozone layer, non-toxic, non-irritation, non-combustion, non-corrosive) circulates in a sealed air-conditioning system, compressors compress the gas refrigerant into a high-temperature, high-pressure refrigerant gas and then discharges the compressor.
Liquid refrigerants run out. High-temperature, low-pressure, liquid refrigerants run into dry storage tanks, drying, filtering, streaming into inflation valves. High-temperature, high-pressure, liquid refrigerants expand through the valves and change dramatically into low-temperature, low-pressure, liquid refrigerants. Low-temperature, low-pressure, liquid refrigerants immediately enter the evaporate immediately, absorb air heaters flowing through the evaporate.
The refrigerant itself evaporates into low-temperature low-pressure gaseous refrigerants by absorbing heat. Low-temperature, low-pressure air refrigerants are inhaled by compressors, compressed into the next cycle. As long as compressors continue to work, the refrigerant continues to circulate in the air-conditioning system, producing a chiller effect.
The conventional thermal management refrigeration worksheets in the air-conditioning heating system, unlike the refrigeration system, have nothing to do with compressors, when the car starts, the engine is running, the heat is running, the car's radiator is recycling this part of the energy and blowing it through the wind turbines and windways into the trunks.
The residual heat of the vehicle during the operation is used to complete the heating, which has the effect of heating the cabin, with little energy consumption, while also taking part of the heat from the engine and reducing the temperature of the engine. Most internal combustion engines have less than 30% heat efficiency, and the waste heat during the operation is sufficient to heat the vehicle.
2. The principles of the new energy heat management system, which is already in rapid growth, show that in December 2017, 163,000 new vehicles were sold in China, an increase of 55 per cent over the previous year, with the total annual sales of our new energy vehicles in 2017.
777,000 vehicles, an increase of 53 per cent over the same year. Of these, 144,000 were sold in pure electric power, 652,000 in aggregate and 19,000 in commingled sales and 125,000 in aggregate. On 27 September 2017, the Ministry of Trade and Communications, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Commerce, the General Customs Service, and the General Quality Inspectorate issued the " Average Fuel Consumption and New Energy Gases in Cared Enterprises " .
The two-part policy reflects the country’s commitment to the development of new energy vehicles, and is a strong guarantee of future sales of new energy vehicles. With the gradual expansion of new energy vehicles, and with policy support, the auto heat management industry will be ushering in a new development engine.
The main sources of heat for new energy vehicles are batteries, controllers, electric motors, etc. Effective cooling and radiating of batteries is one of the core of the thermal system. The new energy vehicles are classified by energy type into three categories: pure electric vehicles, plug-in hybrid vehicles, fuel cell cars, etc.
Thermal management systems for pure electric cars include, inter alia, auto air conditioning systems and narrow thermal management systems, with narrow thermal tube systems including power cell heat management, electrical power-controlled cooling and cooling of electronic equipment: plug-in hybrid vehicles, heat management also includes engine cooling, transmission tank cooling; for fuel cells, the heat management of fuel cells is involved.
Of the heat management systems for new energy vehicles, the most important concern is the air conditioning system and the battery heat management system.3 The current state of the thermal management system industry, in the traditional automobile industry, the increase in the volume of automobile sales has led to an increase in the market demand for vehicle air conditioning and heat management systems.
According to ihs statistics and projections for the world ' s major car markets, the world ' s leading car level-I suppliers and the whole plant will reach 99.993.6 million units per year in 2015. And heat-inflating valves, water receptacles and controllers, as necessary components of the car air conditioning system, will increase as the volume of cars increases, which provides a strong guarantee for sales in the future.
In the case of auto heat management systems, a growing number of car systems will use new products such as temperature-moderator (tbv), water cooler, electronic pumps and electronic water valves, which will lead to a new market for these new products. The heat management system and the industry are about to change dramatically, and the value of the bicycles will increase significantly with electric power.
Automobile air-conditioning systems and heat management systems are relatively independent. For new-energy cars, air-conditioning and heat management systems are closely integrated. In the new-energy automobile industry, the demand for components has increased as a result of the complexity of their air-conditioning and heat management systems, resulting in new electronic expansion valves, expansion valves with electromagnetic valves and battery coolers, cooling panels, electronic water pumps and batteries.
The demand for items such as electronic water valves increases as demand increases in the market for electric vehicles. Traditional car heat management systems consist mainly of compressors, evaporations, swelling valves, radiators, control devices, condensers and pumps, and so on, with a unit value of $2225-2425. With the gradual expansion of new energy vehicles, the heat management of new energy vehicles is increasing.
The system uses electric compressors, whose unit cost is about $1,000 higher than the conventional car compressor, two more than the traditional car at $1,500, and a new energy car heat management system with a unit value of $6925. As the new energy vehicle coverage increases, the market space will be significantly upgraded to suit the future direction of the industry.
(ii) In April 2017, Samurai intellectually issued shares to Zhejiang Green Energy Industries Group Ltd. to purchase 100 per cent of the shares of Zhejiang Motor Parts and Components Ltd., which expanded the main business to the area of auto parts and components.
Since its establishment in 2004, the company has been focusing on the development, production and sale of components for auto-air conditioning and heat management systems control. It is a major or important provider of components for global auto-air-conditioning control and heat management systems. It is committed to providing energy-efficient and energy-efficient high-performance products for the transfer of cars, as well as solutions for new-energy vehicles for additional mileage.
The main products of the company are heat-inflating valves, receptacles, controllers, temperature-resilient valves, and so on. In 2016, the global market share of the company ' s car-inflation valves was over 16%, and the domestic market was over 37%.
Zero-produced e-pumps and e-valves are widely used in the Chinese market. In the future, they will build on the solid development of traditional automobile-related products, closely focus on the future direction of cars and actively expand the business areas of new energy vehicles, air conditioning, and heat management systems.
This three-blank buy-off transaction raises funds mainly for technical and construction projects for conventional and new-energy vehicle air conditioning and heat management systems control components, all of which are based on the existing main operation of the three-breeding enterprise. The implementation of the portfolio investment project has helped to expand the existing production capacity and improve the production process.
Enhancing the ability to test products will in the future become a new profit growth point for listed companies. Three-flash zero product lines are rich, there are reserves in the areas of vehicle air conditioning and heat management system control components, which should include refrigerant refrigerant circuits, cooling fluid circuits, cooling oil circuits, and air circuits, with mechanical, functionally available components.
A variety of flexible product lines, such as electrical controls, allow customers more choice of parts and components, which are more competitive than their single competitors. Moreover, these components can form components that provide customers with a mix of performance and structure matching, reduce customer matching and reduce customer costs.
1. The long-term trend of new energy vehicles is positive, leading to growth in corporate performance. New energy vehicles are already in a state of rapid growth. According to the Chinese Air Association, in December 2017, the country was able to increase its capacity by 53 per cent over the same period.
Combination of 19,000 finished sales, with a cumulative cumulative 125,000 vehicles for the year as a whole. New energy by car sales from 2012 to 2017 remained largely on a year-to-year upward trend, with rapid growth in the new energy by car ring ratio and the same ratio in 2015 and 2017, after a fall in sales in September 2016 and January-February 2017.
The year 2016 is a period of change in the generation of new energy vehicles, which has seen a significant increase in the sale of new energy vehicles, spurred by supportive policies. Following a series of problems in 2016, such as frauds in the new energy automobile industry, the firms concerned have been actively overhauled, the policy side has been actively consulted and adjusted by experts, and some of the problems are now largely complete, with new energy sources.
Car-enabling policies are gradually improving, contributing to the long-term positive development of the industry. Following a steep drop in the sale of new energy vehicles in early 2017, the promotion of catalogues has increased speed, the double-counting system has improved, and the restructuring of new energy automobiles has been largely put in place.
December. With 777,000 new energy vehicles sold throughout the year, and as the outlook for the new energy automobile industry becomes clearer, the " Approach to managing average fuel consumption in passenger cars in parallel with the new energy car fractions " , published in June 2017, defines the direction of the new energy vehicle, which is expected to be implemented in 2018.
The comments were partially modified to last year's version, in which the fuel cell count pattern remained essentially the same, with the new energy source pure, the electric vehicle component function being changed to (the calculation of the credits for the pure electrical continuation mileage*0.012+0.8*). This will improve the direction of the evolution of the new energy vehicle electrodynamicization more effectively.
The new two-part system policy still provides for a share of 8 per cent, 10 per cent and 12 per cent, respectively, of the conventional vehicle fleet of the entire vehicle manufacturing enterprise between 2018 and 2020. The fuel consumption component can be traded or transferred on the open market, and the new energy vehicle component cannot be transferred, but it can be traded.
Targets are 6l, 5.5l and 5l, where fuel consumption requirements are reduced year by year, owing to the limited scope for reducing fuel consumption in traditional cars, which is mainly based on the introduction of new energy vehicles to achieve a reduction in the average fuel consumption of enterprises., For enterprises that do not consume enough fuel, a moratorium will be placed on the processing of vehicle production declarations that do not meet the above-mentioned fuel consumption targets, and
Suspension of partially high-fueled vehicle-type production until the average fuel consumption of the enterprise has reached the standard. Enterprises with new energy vehicles that fail to meet the standards will also suspend partially high-fueled vehicle-type production until the next year when the number of conventional passenger vehicles will be less than the amount of the negative outstanding points than in the accounting year.
In order to reduce their profitability, the two-part system will also be a major boost to the development and production of new energy vehicles by the entire car-making enterprise. The development of new energy vehicles has become a definite direction for companies that have previously come up with a tradition of relying on autonomous brands and selling large quantities of vehicles.
The direction of development, which is being achieved mainly through the introduction of a greater use of aluminium and other parts and components, reduces the consumption of electricity and oil in vehicles.2 The continuation of high-end to low-end models by corporate clients allows rapid entry into the domestic autonomous brand supply chain
The company’s development strategy on steam zero is similar to that of its previous home power business, a pattern of moving from the top to the lower to the middle, where companies now have many major international clients, such as Tesla, and long-term good firms further increase the penetration rate of their home-owned brands. Three-flash zeros now have a stable and high-quality client base, and companies are not only internationally renowned cars, such as Fareo, Mallebé, and others.
Certification suppliers and long-term partners in global procurement by air conditioners and heat management system manufacturers, and through the first-level supply of vehicles from entire manufacturers such as Benz, General, Tesla, Biadei, Gilly, Walle, Jiang Suz, Upper Steam, One Steam, Wide Steam, etc., have become the first-level suppliers of the major domestic and foreign car builders.
The higher share of the company’s market and the increased sales of cars will be the core drivers of the continuous improvement in the performance of the car air conditioning and heat management systems. Thermo-inflating valves, receptacles, and controllers will be required as components of the car air conditioning system.
Automobile sales have increased. In auto heat management systems, innovations in efficient energy-efficient car technologies have led to an increasing number of new products such as temperature-resilient valves (tbv), water-coolers, electronic pumps and electronic water valves, thus creating new market demand for these new products.
The company will build on existing clients, continue to develop new customer resources, further develop the advantages and positioning of its own products, and continue to deepen its cooperation with existing car-level customers. While maintaining existing customers, it will actively explore new customer resources for the entire company by opening new products.
Tortsra, Biadey, Gillie, I, etc., car-to-car company customers, generating income from new products, making positive attempts to develop new customers, thereby reducing client concentration.3 Tesla is expected to build a plant in China in the future, releasing the company Tesla’s share of revenue.
Tesla, as a global leader in new energy vehicles, has a huge market share and potential for development, starting in 2010, as a supplier of Tesla, mainly for heat management and air-conditioning components, and for three of Tesla’s models, modelx and models, and model3.
All seven projects in the Teslamodel 3 model: electronic expansion valves, electric pumps, oil coolers, water coolers, battery coolers, and so on. Model3 is the first low-priced electric vehicle to be launched by Tesla at a price of $35,000, and has been of interest since its launch, with over 500,000 orders, which we estimate are now being made by the company.
Model3 is worth about $200, which will lead to a further increase in sales of corporate products, which will provide a solid guarantee of profit for the three flowers, and the company is expected to obtain orders for new items, such as Tesla's electric truck. From the current volume of cooperation with the major car manufacturers, the share of the revenue from Tesla is around zero.
About 10% of future model3 emissions are expected to lead to a significant increase in the share of Tesla’s contribution, which will continue to rise in the company’s future, with the corresponding demand for spare parts rising in tandem. According to existing orders and production planning projections, it will boost the growth of performance and the expansion of new customers in the area of three new and zero energy vehicles.
Figure 28: Share of third flower cooperative producers in 2016 II. Good cash flow for household electricity operations, strong leadership and steady performance growth (i) Maintenance of leadership in the refrigeration sector
The company is a leading player in the global refrigeration control component, with more than 60% of the global market for multi-barrel products. The "3F" refrigeration self-control device has become one of the world's leading brands and a strategy for many of the world's and country's leading air conditioners.
Partners. After more than two decades of development, the company has established industry leadership in the global refrigeration and air conditioning self-control software market, and will continue to move towards industry leaders. Companies participate in and dominate the discussion and development of technical standards related to refrigeration and air conditioning products in some areas, taking advantage of market size and technological leadership to the world, making it “product”
Technology, technology patenting, patent standardization, globalization of standards, construction of a new platform for the development of the refrigeration and air-conditioning self-control units industry with high standards. As a leader in the refrigeration and control components industry, the company covers major refrigeration and air-conditioning control units products other than compressors, and the refrigeration business accounts for about 60% of the company’s total revenue.
In the future, the company will accelerate its expansion to areas such as commercial air conditioning, commercial refrigeration, and the continuous upgrading of trans-frequency control technologies and systems, based on the consolidation of the former domestic air conditioning and refrigerator components industries.
The rapid development of commercial air conditioning has given new impetus to the development of the air-conditioning control component industry, as our refrigeration and air-conditioning sector has expanded. Meanwhile, the growing global demand for air-conditioning, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly models, as well as the promotion and consumption of energy-efficient environmental policies by my Government, has contributed to the growth of the energy-efficient and environmentally friendly sector.
The development of FACs has also introduced a series of new requirements for the air conditioning control component market, which has led to new developments in the refrigeration sector, which is less affected by climate change and has a relatively stable demand compared to the air conditioning industry. As the economy develops and the standard of living of the population rises, the demand for refrigerators and freezers is increasing, especially in large-capacity, multi-temperature zones.
High-end refrigerators are becoming increasingly important, energy-efficient, environmentally friendly, low-noise refrigerators, freezers represent the way forward, and frozen cold-chain operations are fast growing. Currently, the world has the highest market share of products such as electronic expansion valves, four-way valves, and microchannel heat exchangers.
In addition, the company now has the shape of a system solution to heat-pump water heaters that improves energy efficiency and reduces overall costs for the entire plant. Companies have always been able to develop innovative technological pathways on their own, and to grow new products that are energy-efficient, green and environmentally friendly.
Two-year growth in three major products, two-year replacement space for electro-inflated valves, growing in the short and medium term, with a global market share of more than 16% of the three-inflated valve sales. It is the electronic-inflated valve products that companies capture.
The use of electro-inflated valves in air conditioners can help save energy, with the penetration rate of electronic-inflated valves in solar air conditioners approaching 100%, the penetration rate of domestic air-conditioning electro-inflated valves still having room for improvement, and the company’s business is still better growing in the short term.
As a corporate-led product, the e-inflated valve will further upgrade its products and continuously reduce its costs in order to gain a greater competitive advantage. This year, the company acquired the popular mqb platform, the cmp psa platform, the gm gem platform, etc., as well as a market breakthrough at the Japanese Car Department.
The new civic platform for the field, the newly acquired project platform, is expected to add 6.35 million new expansion valves per year in the future, and 2 million new receptacles per year. Moreover, the new electronic expansion valves with electromagnetic valves have been endorsed and supplied by new energy cars like Tesla.
Right to goods, and growth in the sale of new energy vehicles will also drive the growth of the company’s swelling valves. The company’s cooling valves are also new to generic items such as t1xx, Ford c 519, c 520, cd 539, and the new acquisitions are expected to generate 3.75 million more sales per year in the future, which will guarantee a rapid increase in future sales.
It is a component that automatically adjusts the flow according to the pressure of the system, the temperature of the system, and the electron expansion valve is active in controlling the flow of the system through a step-by-step motor, with greater accuracy and stability of the system, while the electron expansion valve has a clear energy-saving effect.3 Microchannel operations are efficient, creating core competitiveness.
Microchannel heat exchangers, i.e. heat exchangers with 10-1000 m in diameter, consisting mainly of a confluent pipe, multiple channels, flat tubes, and three parts of a shutter. There are dozens of small streams in the flat pipe of this heat changer, which are connected to the circular tubes at both ends of the flat pipe, with partitions in the tubes, separating the heat changer stream into several processes because of its size.
Smallness, size increase, surface increase, resulting in a significant increase in transmission effects, 2 to 3 orders of magnitude higher than the conventional scale, and when the current size is less than 3 mm, the two-phase flow of the air fluids and the mutation of heat will be different from the conventional size, the smaller the tunnels, the greater the effect of the size when the tube is small to 0.5 to 1 mm.
Microchannels are similar to the heat exchangers in cars, and for the three flowers, microchannel operations are co-ordinated with steam zero operations. In recent years, microchannel technologies have triggered traditional industrial cooling, car air conditioning, and air conditioning because of their excellent heat transfer properties.
Technological innovations to improve efficiency and reduce energy efficiency in areas such as household air conditioning. Experimental data show that, compared to conventional heat exchangers, the energy efficiency of microchannel heat exchangers can be increased by an average of more than 30% compared to the same refrigeration efficiency, with a volume reduction of 30%, material weight reduction of about 50% and refrigerant use reduction of more than 30%.
In 2014, China ' s heat exchange market reached $70.6 billion. In the area of heat exchange, companies already own traditional copper.
The tubes-to-flap-to-heating replacement product microchannels, which are reduced by 30 per cent, 50 per cent in weight and refrigerants, while the size, weight and refrigerant charge are reduced by half compared to the traditional copper caps-to-flap heater.
A 30% reduction can be achieved.) The rate of heat exchange efficiency has increased by 30% and has become more energy-efficient and environmentally friendly, with 45% of the world ' s cities now. By 2016, 6.4% of traditional products had been replaced by microchannel heaters, and there was still a wide range of alternative spaces.
In 2017, the company's micro-channel operations, which focused on doing big business, building on strong foundations, ensuring high growth, continued to consolidate and expand market shares, and highlighted its approach to “growth conservation, business grabs, efficiency, scaling up, risk prevention”.
To accelerate the development of new products, to further enrich the company's product lines, to continuously seek opportunities for microchannel applications in new areas such as special air conditioning and food cold chains, to seek new business growth points, to form core competitiveness and to continue to optimize the globalized production and operation of business.
In late 2012, the company acquired the German Avico Group, which expanded horizontally in the area of white domestic appliances such as dishwashers, washing machines, coffee machines, etc. As a result of the reorganization of assets, the profitability of Avico continued to improve.
To achieve a reversal of the boom in 2015, a positive growth momentum in 2016, stable income growth, substantial profit growth, a significant breakthrough in market expansion, further improvements in the efficiency of company operations, the advancement of the Omega Production Line Leap project at the Polish and Lake Shore plants, and the development of new products related to the layout of the R & D centre, sustained for enterprises
With the development of our economy and the improvement of people ' s living standards, the electricity and domestic sector has gradually moved from traditional products to intelligence,
Automation, environmental protection, and efficient products further improve living conditions and improve living standards. The dishwashing industry, compared to other household appliances, is a low-saturation household power source, with less than 80% of households in Western Europe, less than 50% in North America, less than 30% in Eastern Europe, and less than 1% in China, a huge untapped market.
The sales of dishwashers in China are expected to grow in the form of well blow-outs. The market sales of dishwashers in China will increase rapidly in the future, leading to rapid growth in company dishwasher operations.
The dominant product of Sanhua Yavico is the omega system, water softening systems, distributors, etc., which are the core parts of the dishwasher, the main clients of which are the international core white brands of Mino, Boze Siemens, and Ileks. As the famous home brands of America, Haile, Fang Tai, and others, are gradually adopted by consumers, dishwashers, etc.
In 2016, the domestic market for dishwashers reached 1.98 billion yuan, an increase of 104.8% over the same period; it is expected to reach 3.63 billion in 2017, an increase of 83.7% over the same period, depending on the dominant product, the moga system, and Avico is expected to become another important growth point for companies.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals.4 Tesla production fell short of expectations.5 The domestic electricity market was characterized by a decline.
Wang Fenghua: Master's degree at the People's University of China, currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.