\triangleright \triangleright 29/0304
7.59 per cent, mainly due to the second restriction on the production of electrolytic aluminium in Yunnan in February 2023, which resulted in a relatively late recovery date; Operating objective: 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide, 2.7 million tons of aluminium electrolytic and 800,000 tons of carbon.
The price of aluminium oxide is $3119 per ton compared to $1828 per ton. Although the price of aluminium has fallen considerably, the price of aluminum in Qiuzu is $2,800 per year, compared to the rate of $200 per ton.
2023q4 Performance: q4 output rebounded, with net return to the mother and ring ratio increasing. Volume: q3 Yunnan Sun 2 Spring \triangleright
Aluminium electrolysis is in the process of reproduction, the company has a low capacity for electrolytic aluminium production, and in November 2023, Yunnan lost water due to the extraction of aluminum from the sink during the chute period, increasing some of the production of electrolytic aluminium, and the company is expected to produce more than 700,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium, with a return on the ring. Price: q4 market price for aluminium +126 yuan per ton, aluminium oxide
Ring ratio + 124/t, pre-yang ring ratio = 113/t, Yunnan electricity price rises due to wear-off period
3. Aluminium shares in clouds (000807.sz) are reported in depth: "Cloud output of 2.21 million tons, relatively low costs and high productivity, and elastic company performance. 2)
Production and liabilities are optimized and performance is fully released. With improved profitability and the end of capital expansion, corporate asset and liability statements, profit statements, cash flow statements are optimized and impairments are largely eliminated, and the company ' s future performance is assured. Performance is slightly higher than expected, and asset quality continues to be optimized by 2023/03/
3) The value of green aluminum is highlighted under the goal of "better carbon." Europe has established a carbon tariff on imported goods. Under the European carbon tariff policy, green aluminum will be exempt from a carbon duty of $4,287 per tonne in the future, and in the context of domestic "biento" it is imperative that the electrolytic aluminium industry be included in the carbon trade. Green aluminum premium will reflect the fact that corporate electrolytic aluminum is located in Yunnan.
Investment proposal: The company has a high capacity for electrolysis aluminum equity and high performance elasticity, while the future value of green aluminum has a high potential, \triangleright billion yuan, which corresponds to 10, 9 and 8 times the current price, respectively, and maintains a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright 1 incident: company ' s 2023 annual report 22023 performance: a decline in electrolytic aluminium production resulting in performance pressure
On the revenue side, affected by the decline in the production of electrolytic aluminium and the weakening of aluminium prices, in 2023, the company ' s electrolytic aluminium contributed $3,854 million, an increase of 0.44 per cent, or 57.14 per cent, of the total; and on the aluminium-processed product contributed 2,865 million, a decrease of 15.29 per cent, or 15.29 per cent, of the total.
Price: Aluminium in 2023 at $18,700 per ton, corresponding to $1236 per ton. Premium alimentation at an average price of $5348 per ton, corresponding to $1828 per ton, aluminium oxide at $3119 per ton, corresponding to $139 per ton. Although aluminium prices have fallen considerably, aluminium oxide prices have declined as a result of the decline in promode costs, and companies are still more profitable.
In 2023, the company ' s T-ton of Aluminium increased by $20 per ton in the same year; the fee rate decreased by 0.13 pct in the same year; the Māori rate increased by 0.87 pct and the net interest rate increased by 0.19 pct, respectively; the assets of the sash business were invested at the higher end of the stock to the upper end of the medium aluminium business, with higher sale costs of the slab business; and the overhead cost was 6.21
Millions of yuan, or 3.03 per cent less in the same year; financial costs of 110 million yuan, or 52.68 per cent less in the same year, mainly due to the fact that the balance sheet continues to be repaired and the impairments are low. As profits continue to improve, companies continue to pay their debts, mainly because they pay their loans and their debts fall.
Performance of 32023q4: The net profit of the company from parent return rose by 2023q4 on average relative to the ring, and the net profit from parent return increased on average compared to the ring. By ring, the main gains were: Māori billion, and gains and losses for minority shareholders (-$97 million). By comparison, the main gains were: Māori (+1.144 billion).
q4 electrolytic aluminium production loops recovered and aluminium prices increased. Volume: q3 Yunnan is in the process of reproducing, the public division has low capacity for electrolytic aluminium production, and in November 2023, Yunnan had dry water production, and as a result of the sluice period, aluminum in the sink was pumped out and some of the electrolytic aluminium production was increased, and the company q4 is expected to produce more than 700,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium, with a ring comparison.
Prices: q4 market aluminium ring ratio + 126/t, aluminium oxide ring ratio + 124/t, precalculation anode ring ratio = 113/t, Yunnan electricity price increased by 0.09/t due to the water-dry period impact ratio. The triple fee rate ring ratio is flat. The cost rate of 2023q4 is essentially stable, with company sales costs.
The rate ring ratio was equal, the management cost ring was 0.1 pct higher, the financial cost was 0.07 pc lower. Electrolytic aluminium production rebounded and aluminium prices went up. 4 Performance was flexible, and green aluminum highlighted long-term values.
4.1 An integrated layout, with advantages in aluminium oxide procurement, with advantages in aluminium oxide procurement. The company has formed 1.6 million tons of bauxite mines, 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide, 3.05 million tons of green aluminium, 1.57 million tons of aluminium alloys and aluminium-processing products, and 820,000 tons of charcoal products.
The size of the production capacity, measured by 2.4 million tons of electrolytic aluminium and 1.43 million tons of aluminium oxide production last year, is about 31% self-sustaining for the company. Yunnan is close to Guangxi, has abundant resources, has very short years of development, and has a long coastline, has easier future imports of bauxite, and the company has an advantage in purchasing aluminium oxide from Yunnan.
The impact of the increase in demand and the increase in the base price of electricity traded was 228 yuan/mwh in 2023, an increase of 44 yuan/mwh compared to 2018, combined with network fees, government funds, etc., and the company ' s average cost of electricity in 2023 was about 400 yuan/mwh, with no tax value of 354 yuan/mwh at a low national level.
The water boom is expected to rise at q2. The water coming from our hydroelectric plants is seasonal and the amount of electricity generated changes are significant. It is high in June-September of each year. It is flat in May and October. It is dry in November-April. It is less than 60% of the water supply. The electricity supply drops significantly in the second quarter.
As a result, the probability of re-production of electrolytic aluminium increases, and companies are expected to rise. 4.2 Carbon deals are on the rise, green aluminium values are on the rise, and domestic carbon deals are on the rise.
In 2021, the national carbon trade started and the price of carbon began to rise, and it is now mainly in the electricity sector, where the price of carbon is about 60 yuan per tonne or more, where the scarcity of carbon emissions is gradually reflected, and the price of carbon may rise further in the future as energy-intensive industries such as electrolytic aluminium are included.
The cost of converting green aluminium into electrolytic aluminium is estimated to reduce carbon emissions by $765 per tonne. If green aluminium were to reduce carbon emissions by $4,287 per tonne at the European carbon exchange price, green aluminium would have had a wide range of potential for value in European carbon tariff agreements, and the era of green aluminum premium was set. 9 February 2023, European Parliament.
The Commission on Environment, Public Health and Food Safety (ENVI) formally adopted the European Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBM) agreement, which entered into force on 1 October 2023, requiring the imposition of carbon duties on iron, cement, aluminium, fertilizer, etc., which began in 2026, with the phasing out of the free quota until 2034.
The formula for allied carbon tariff collection is as follows: cbam = carbon content x (EU carbon-paying costs - exporting country carbon-paying costs) Our carbon trading mechanism was developed late, carbon quotas were issued more adequately, and carbon prices were much lower than those in Europe, with Europe
Carbon tariff policy falls, and domestic electrolytic aluminium is subject to high tariffs. According to the tariff formula, goods exported to Europe are equal to carbon-emission costs based on European carbon prices. At the current European and domestic carbon price differentials, Chinese electrolytic aluminium exports to Europe are about $4,287 per tonne of carbon tariffs, and electrolytic aluminium for fossil energy fuels.
In 2023, in Yunnan ' s power structure, hydropower accounted for 74.2%, while new energy sources such as wind and light accounted for 9.4% and renewable energy for 83.6%.
In the “double carbon” context, with future carbon trading in the electrolytic aluminium industry, the advantage of the Yunnan green aluminium will be highlighted. The domestic carbon price is now over $70/t, converted to the cost of electrolytic aluminum, reducing carbon emissions by more than $765/t (if one takes into account the share of renewable energy sources).
Reducing carbon emissions costs by about $640 per tonne, while green aluminium has an enormous advantage for exporting to European electrolysis aluminium, which can reduce carbon emissions by 4287 (and companies can reduce carbon emissions costs by about $3584 per tonne, taking into account the ratio of renewable energy) and the value of green aluminium, which may be further advanced, given the increasing carbon constraints in the future.
The company ' s electrolytic aluminium assets are in Yunnan and contain incalculable long-term values of green aluminium. Figure 25: Yunnan power supply structure 2023 Figure 26: Cost of carbon emissions from domestic electrolytic aluminium (in yuan/tons)
The company’s performance is more influenced by aluminium prices, and the demand for electrolytic aluminium is weak.
If the price falls, the company’s profits will be affected. 2) Yunnan’s production limit is higher than expected. The lack of electricity supply in Yunnan, coupled with the apparent expansion of the energy-intensive sector, may be higher than expected.
3) The inclusion of the electrolytic aluminium industry in carbon trading has not progressed as expected. In the “double carbon” context, the inclusion of the electrolytic aluminium industry in carbon trading is imperative, but limited to economic development, and progress may be very slow.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.