Low or current performance, first phase of Qingzhou base project or commissioning at Wallu Hisung Lt. (600426.sh) • Low or present performance, and new base or commissioning at Qingzhou, maintaining a “buy-in” rating
According to the Hubei daily, the company’s first phase of the project was well under way, or q1 . 2023, the price of coal remained high, the price of the main product was narrow, and the company’s performance was kept under pressure. According to the Hoshikawa moor data, the average cost of q1 power coal in 2023 was RMB 1,018/tonne, the ring ratio -459 per cent, the same ratio.
The difference between the prices of acetic acid, octanol, dmc, perineamide, adipic acid, etc. and the difference since 2016 of 2,423 (25%) yuan/tonne. The q1 coal price is still higher than the same price and the cost pressure is greater; the demand for major chemicals is weak, and the price difference for the company ' s main products is narrower and the company ' s performance is lower.
According to the Hubei daily, at the 2023 Congress on the Development of Quality in the Integration of the Coal Industry Industry and the New Energy Materials Industry Base of the State of Jinzhou, the chief executive of the State Administration reported on the first phase of the integration project, the 100,000-ton acetic anhydride project, the meth resin monomer project, the beam resin monolithic materials and other materials.
Litigation q4 performance, affiliates' proposed high-end product optimization projects, etc., is likely to grow in the future. We believe that the company’s main price differentials are now in a more historical period of activity growth - company information update report.
Low ranking, and companies still have excess returns as low-cost coal-chemicals taps, and the price differentials are expected to pick up in the future as the macroeconomy recovers, along with the progressive investment of new projects at the Texas and Tianzhou bases.
q1 or low performance of the company.