Some of the basic chemical industries are under pressure and the cost pressure is expected to decrease.
The pressure on the industry continued in the first quarter, with a slight impact on the sales of some products: the material pressure on the company remained, and coal prices, though slightly down from the fourth quarter, were relatively high, with relatively high cost pressures, with most products experiencing the second half of last year.
“Waluhing Up: Re-emerging Core Competitiveness, Recovering Growth Drive”, year-on-year price adjustments at relative position shocks, with further downs in products such as organochlorine, carbonate and the addition of new corporate materials and fertilizer sales during the quarter of the company
2. " Industry-led profits down, new projects will be phased out - up - but the overall harvest will lead to lower profits. " 3. " Cost control will once again have an advantage, and new projects will be phased out - [national goldization]
The carbonate, organochlorine and fertilizer industries remain under pressure and have risen since the beginning of January: while the public sector has a relatively large range of products and some degree of fragmentation in the profitability of a single product, in a quarterly operation, carbonate and organochlorine are typical coal-chemical products produced.
The price of the product is higher, leading to a breakdown of the industry's performance relative to the pressure, while the product sales of the company fertilizer, fine-chemical plates are about 10% and 4% below, leading to a decline in overall performance and profitability. But, based on our combined price differentials, the profit-making water is lower.
On average, with the fall in raw material prices in the first quarter, the level of profit on the base is gradually rising, and the base is in the process of being repaired. The base in Jinzhou is expected to be gradually operational in the second half of the year, and several projects are expected to contribute to the increase: before the company.
The phasing of the binary acid, methyl ester carbonate and diethylene carbonate projects are expected to contribute in the beginning of the second quarter, the Qingzhou I project is expected to contribute in the third quarter, the new project is expected to provide an increase in the company's performance, and the Qingzhou II project is under way.
The high-end solvent and the high-end new nylon 66 materials project have been started and the planning and construction of new materials projects at the company's two main bases are expected to drive on a continuous basis
The overall profitability of the company remained under pressure during the first quarter, with a degree of improvement, individually in terms of the one-month price differentials, and the company's performance was expected to follow the risk of significant fluctuations in the prices of raw materials and products as the prices of the raw materials continued to adjust at a later stage; the project was not progressing as expected, with new products.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market