On May 15th, the results of the 2017 ptn (new) collection project were published, and in 2017 ptn
At the end of the 4.18 million end of the scale of equipment purchases, there are two candidates from China. The specific share is not less than 70% of the winning share of the bid in the Mid-Emergency News (000063.ch/KWD 19.12, buy-in) and a large percentage of the winning mark is the bid at ptn, reflecting a substantial increase in the competitiveness of the company.
In recent years, there has been an increase in investment in the deployment of light networks, with a growing number of pre-purchases for access to networks, urban area networks, and ptn installations. The share of ptn collections in medium-sized moves has been concentrated, recalling that in 2017, ptn devices (enhanced) were collected at a total size of 201,000, with 57.66 per cent in China, 31.49 per cent in China, and 31.49 per cent in China.
The new ptn equipment was built with only two ptn plants, with no less than 70%, while China's bid results, not more than 30%, changed significantly compared to previous events, and the impeccable power of the center in the domestic gathering business, further confirming its combined competitiveness.
Domestic light networks have grown longer than the rest of the world, benefiting directly from local producers. The global market share of light networks exceeded $15 billion in 2016 and has remained above 5% in the last three years.
In recent years, real growth has been more than double-digit, making it a core driver in Asia and the Pacific. In the past year, the number of mobile fixed-net broadband subscribers outpaced connectivity, and the number of fixed-line competitions among operators will intensify.
In the medium-to-long term, the boom is in the larger cycle of increasing the benefits of network upgrades.
An excellent example of this time in the compilation of the combined results was a long-term technological and commercial build-up (8621) 20328313
Centralizes. Whether it's wireless, fixed network access, light network, or digital, it's now capable of autonomous R & D of core products. We believe that this share of advantage is expected to be reflected in more bids for products in the future. The network is in the broader context of long-term re-engineering and upgrading, the value of the industry chain.
The value of this cycle, which will be increasingly concentrated on major equipment suppliers, will grow in tandem, and will be increasingly visible and worthy of long-term attention. A large percentage of the winning mark at ptn will reflect a substantial increase in the competitiveness of firms.
In recent years, there has been an increase in investment in the deployment of light networks, and the purchase of ptn equipment for access to the network and urban area network has been increasing. The share of ptn collections has been concentrated.
The new ptn equipment was built with only two Ptn plants, with no less than 70%, while China's bid results, which were no more than 30%, changed significantly compared to the previous situation and showed absolute strength in the domestic gathering business, further confirming its combined competitiveness.
Domestic light networks have grown longer than the global, home-grown producers have benefited directly. The global market share of light networks, which exceeded $15 billion in 2016, has been growing by more than 5% over the past three years, and is expected to continue for the next three years, with China accounting for 25%, China 13%, and China accounting for 13%.
In recent years, real growth has been more than double-digit, becoming a core driver in Asia and the Pacific. In mid-year, mobile fixed-net broadband subscribers outpaced connectivity, and home-grown competition among operators will intensify.
In the medium-to-long term, mid- and long-term, middle-crowding is in a larger cycle of continuous benefits from network upgrades, and this time, communications is a long-term technological and business accumulation.
Centralizes. Whether it's wireless, fixed network access, light network, or digital, it's now capable of autonomous research and development of core products. We believe that this share of the advantage is expected to be reflected in more bids for products in the future. The network is in the broader context of long-term re-engineering and upgrading, the value of the industrial chain.
There will be an increasing concentration of major equipment suppliers, and a simultaneous growth in the cycle will be of increasing value and merit long-term focus. Operators will not invest as much as expected, technologically competitive risks.