Full participation in the national 5g pilot phase II test, exhibition 17 May 2017: news release from the network of corporate officials, company communications with a full series of 5g products
As the 4g network progresses to an advanced stage, 5g is becoming increasingly closed.
Investing in leading the delivery of 5g products; 2 national competition for future information products, high point of industry, accelerated 5g industrialization, and 5g test network competition; 3 network reality as the demand for broadband data and the need for interconnectivity continues to break out
The five-g countries that we are currently promoting are the largest regional five-g test project in the world, and this phase II test is now running out of embb (enhanced mobile broadband) after the completion of the first phase of work in the past year.
The prototype product of the platform has further increased its maturity. The company has completed a pre-sale validation of the fdd-based massivemimo product, and the Pre-Network has deployed more than 40 copies in 30 countries around the world.
Residency is driven by innovation, and sustained investment in 5g research and development will generate sustained momentum and strong returns for long-term development. Large-scale equity incentives boost morale and build firm confidence in the long-term: the US sanctions event
After that, the timing of the introduction of equity incentives has the effect of strongly stabilizing the military’s sense of confidence: 1 – full ownership. Long-term plans help to maintain core corporate team stability and make the corporate management team more focused on the medium- and long-term development of the company.
With 150 million models, more than 2,000 people, large groups and a large number of incentives, the incentive effect is more pronounced.
The number of credit and equipment providers has been reduced to four, and the emerging market has been expanding abroad with the advantages of technology, product maturity, programme value, etc., with more than 50 countries in a range of countries. 1. Communications: US sanctions impose pressure on performance.
The company's recent acquisition of shares in the Turkish telecommunications company Netas, the light-dressing of the m-ict journey, and the signing of the cooperation agreement with Pakistan mark the company's continued journey.
March 26th, 2017: Expediting to raise the market share and profitability of the overseas market.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: at the management level, leadership turnover and equity incentives within the company Business line R & D reserves are strong to raise future profits, to promote stability of morale and confidence, and at the business level, to be deployed and motivated along the way.
The company ' s overseas operations provide a sustained impetus; in the long run, the company ' s technology reserves, such as 5g, object networking, big data, will enable the company to move from a traditional telecommunication equipment provider to a combination of 18 April 2017.
Information service providers, with significant increases in future corporate operations and Māori rates.