The equity incentive scheme has shown confidence that there has been a steady increase in performance during the quarter, with 10,000 stock options expected to account for about 3.6 per cent of the total equity issued by the company.
The stock incentive scheme highlights long-term development confidence. The total number of incentives reached is 2013, accounting for about 3.5% of the company’s current staff, directors, senior managers, business cadres, and the planned share options are valued at $17.06 per stock.
On authorization, after a two-year waiting period, during the following three options periods, first, second, s0340115100
The third option has a right of one third of the options, provided the performance conditions are met. The following net profit growth is 30% after the company has excluded the associated loss in 2016. The equity incentive scheme establishes a long-term incentive restraint mechanism, benefits are tied to directors, executives, and
For the business backbone, the stability of the management team and the business cadre is maintained, and confidence in sound long-term development is strong. Fines are short-term drag on the company’s performance in 2016, with a steady increase in performance in the first quarter.
In the first quarter of 2017, the company achieved a steady growth rate of 17.78% and 27.81%, respectively. Focusing on three major markets to build core competitiveness.
Three major markets. Of these, the operator network accounted for 58.16 per cent of revenues in 2016, an increase of 2.90 per cent compared to the previous year, benefiting from the increase in revenues from domestic and foreign 4g system products and domestic and foreign light transmission products; and the user service accounted for 33.04 per cent compared to 3.02 per cent in 2016, benefiting from domestic mobile phone production.
The domestic market, which accounts for 57.8 per cent of the group's total operating income, will actively cooperate with the domestic network of operators to build demand; focus on key sectors such as government, transport, energy, finance, education, etc.
Research and development ensures competitiveness and is expected to be one of the five g’s core beneficiaries. The traditional telecommunications industry has increased its operational pressure, the pace of transformation has accelerated, and the promotion and application of pre-5g technologies is being actively pursued.
In 2016, firms increased their R & D inputs to products such as Pre-5g, 5g, high-end routers, sdn, otn, nuclear chip, etc. The R & D share of business income rose to 12.61%.
In this rating system, the “market index” refers to a depth 300 index. In the risk preference rating, products that do not refer to a specific variety of recommendations and ratings are rated according to the market studied in the product, i.e. studies on the credit and derivative markets, where the underlying risk rating is a high risk; studies on the market aspects of equity, equity-based funds, where the underlying risk rating is a general risk; studies on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, etc.
This report is presented independently, objectively and to the extent that you know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is independent of the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.