5g Launching a new era of communication, companies are looking forward to the development of a new opportunity - the mid-point news review (000063) gsa report shows that as of 2017, 25 q1 operators in 15 countries had demonstrated 5g technology or declaration.
5g tests and validations. In order to achieve the technological advantage of 5g, the 5g process is accelerating. In recent days, the Ministry of Information and Communications has collected 5g spectrum opinions: the 5g phase II test is under way: the IEC issued the White Paper on the Social Impact of 5g, which recommended that 5g be deployed ahead of schedule, and the 5g era is approaching.
5g pre-positioned in the country, leading to a trillion-dollar economy \triangleright 5g in-depth integration with cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, virtual enhancement of reality, etc., has become digitized
In order to achieve technological advantages in the area of 5g, the country will be able to move ahead with the technical follow-up strategy prior to the change of 4g by deploying 5g to create a new industrial ecological environment. The 5g network is characterized by high speed, low-time delay, large connectivity, etc., as opposed to 4g in the areas of carrying networks, base station density, antennas, core network architecture, etc.
There is a higher demand for direct investment in the network. And 5g will expand the area of communication to facilitate industrial integration by combining vertical applications such as car connectivity, mobile medicine, and the industrial Internet.
The White Paper on Economic and Social Impacts predicts that, by 2030, 5g is expected to drive the country ' s direct economic output of 6.3 trillion yuan, its economic value added of 2.9 trillion yuan and its employment opportunities of 8 million.
Countries, more than 40 networks are deployed. Recently, in the second phase of China's 5g national testing, the company performed excellent performance, mmtc field testing, increasing the number of access terminals by nearly 600%, achieving tens of thousands of levels of connection density; empty vents were low-frequency su-mimo at 70% of the bottom line.
The company has now worked with a number of domestic and international operators on 5g, and on 13 June again signed a 5g agreement with the Japanese Soft and Silver Group to launch a 5g field test based on the 4.5ghz frequency band in Tokyo to promote 5g technology as soon as possible.
Promoting the m-ict 2.0 strategy, benefiting from the 5g investment cycle Companies, building on the m-ict 2.0 strategy, have identified five strategic directions for the future: voice, expanding the market of operators, government, consumer markets, and strategic emerging markets.
For six years in a row, technological innovation and model innovation have been the top three international patent applications. Corporate governance has been restructured and equity incentives have been released, focusing on the main industry.
Research assistant: Masson 5g developed less than expected and the company market expanded less than expected. Yang Jian, Master ' s degree, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, etc., joined the public in August 2015
Masson, Assistant Research Assistant in the Communications Industry, Master of Business Administration, Graduated from the University of Hoyoji, joined the civil securities in 2016. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not to be influenced by any third party.