Quarterly performance, multi-line R & D reserve, April 18, 2017.
Currency, 17.78 per cent increase over the year; net profits attributable to general shareholders in listed companies are Sun Yungun. Capital expenditures in the communications sector remain relatively high, with corporate operators and consumers maintaining their operations.
Growth: Our telecommunications operators have experienced a decline in capital spending, but the market is still relatively happy: 1. The relative decline is slightly more than 10 per cent, with lower capital spending being higher than expected; 2. Considering the possibility of additional investment in electricity, towers, commingled connectivity, capital is opened this year.
This may be higher than planned; 3. Global 5g network competition is increasing, and a significant proportion of telecommunications operators may increase their input into the Pre-5g network. Thus, industry-wide capital spending is still in relative swings.
On the other hand, the Pre5g network has deployed more than 40 copies in 30 countries around the world, with cable products 10 gpon being the first in the world and light networks and fixed network access the second in the world as a whole; and consumer operations, where the United States market continues to have a Top4 ranking.
The top box has grown by more than 25 per cent over the same quarter; in politics and business, it drives the City of Wisdom 3.0 and creates a typical model of a complex City of Wisdom in the cities of Sinakawa, Chuhai, Shenyang and Shijia, as well as in the cities of many developed countries in Europe.
The company’s lines of operation are progressing in keeping with expectations, with the active deployment and accumulation of technology and products in the company’s pre-5g era, and the creation of an industrial fund to invest in the future: the telecommunications sector has undergone major restructuring and transformation in recent years and has entered the pre-5g era.
Technology capabilities have become the core competitiveness of firms. Firms are driven by innovation and continue to invest in research and development (R & D), such as 5g, and the Internet, with 12.94% R & D per quarter.
Extra-field pre-commercial validation of mimo products; wired area, leading the launch of 5gflexhaul, pip-based 5g carrier solution with light integration, issuing industry headline symmetry of 100gpon prototypes; heavy emphasis on self-research chip development, resulting in delivery of less in one quarter
Over 70% growth over the same period, pushing nb-iot networks, chips, modules, terminals to mature. Companies are involved in the establishment of the Middle and Autumn Fund to provide sanctions boots for future business development.
After a year of coordinated communication, the relevant government departments reached a settlement on the company's violation of the U.S. Government.
This means that there will be no further restrictions on the development and operation of new products. Consider that the settlement of fines will be counted in 2016, and that a strong figure, Ying Yien, will be elected as the company's new 2. Communications: currency exchange strategy will be put in place and speed up.
A Chairman of the Board, the company’s new year, leaving behind the backlog of the past, would facilitate a dedicated push for the m-ict 2.0 strategy and continue strong competition in the global market.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment proposals: In a relative climate of investment in communications networks, companies 3. Communications: United States penalties for performance pressure, light-loading for the m-ict journey
We gave an “enhanced” rating. Dong Wu Securities Company Limited has been accredited by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board and has had an investment advisory committee on securities.