On April 24, 2017, people were given an incentive to offer a stock stake of no more than 15 million shares.
Sun Yun-Shang, granted equity options at a price of 17.06 yuan per RMB. Super-long + large-scale + wide-covering + near-discounted equity incentives, followed by sanctions
Billions of dollars in losses, huge losses throughout the fiscal year, corporate development prospects and employee sentiment are being hit. At this point, the company has been able to promote equity incentives that can serve as a unifying firm, raising the morale and cohesion of its core team, and helping the company to abandon its history.
There are three features of corporate equity incentives: (a) a long period of equity incentives of up to five years, a two-year waiting period between the date of authorization and the date of authorization, with full rights in the next four years. A long-term plan is conducive to maintaining the core of the company.
Team stability also increases the focus of corporate management on the medium- and long-term development of the company.
The net profit is the basis of performance, while the net profit is the basis for taking the net profit from the United States sanctions only. The figure is $3.825 billion, which is much more than the company’s net profit.
The total profit is more than $1.37 billion, a rather demanding target. This reflects a firm’s confidence in future business development, a firm-wide effort to hit performance indicators, and a level of profitability guaranteed.
Looking ahead to 5g business development, the m-ict strategy is moving forward steadily: global 5g network competition is increasing, and a significant number of telecommunications operators are likely to increase their input into the Pre-5g network, which is expected to be deployed on a commercial 5g scale after 2018.
Business capital spending is still in relative swings, and the level of spending will increase from 2017 onwards.
For the core competitiveness of firms. Companies develop a core strategy of m-ict, driven by innovation, new and emerging areas, with continuous investment in 5g R & D, with 12.94% R & D per quarter.
High-tech 5g. The company has completed its fdd-based message 2. U.S. penalties for performance pressure, field pre-commercial validation of mimo products, Pre5g network in 30 countries around the world.
More than 40 are deployed. We believe that with the expansion of the Pre-5g and 5g networks and the heavy deployment of light clothes on the m-ict journey, the company will continue to improve and the level of profitability will increase steadily.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: In a relative investment climate in communications networks, companies 3. Communications: a quarter of performance, a large business line R & D reserve to boost future profits
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board