Mid-Hing News Report 2016: Qualified for portfolio investment consulting, stable business, 5g proactive
The financial impact of U Yu Wen*’s sanctions on China’s communications (000063.ch/RMB 16.96, with no rating) has been eliminated, and business continuity has been stable and positive. China’s growth in R & D investment has been positive, and financial indicators suggest an upturn.
The first 5g structural opportunities are identified, and 5g will raise corporate value in a comprehensive manner. The Chinese newsletter published in 2016, which generated revenues of $101.23 billion, an increase of 1.0 per cent, over the reporting period; hundreds of millions of yuan; if losses are eliminated, the net profit of shareholders in the general stock of listed companies is RMB 3.83 billion.
The US Department of Commerce has fully responded to the financial impact in 2016, with $6.99 billion in future events and $1.933 billion in net out-of-pocket payments. Revenues are almost equal to those in 2015, both for operators and consumers.
The significant increase in operating profits is mainly due to effective management of foreign exchange exposure risks, optimization of liabilities Structures to reduce interest expenditure and equity investment returns by 85.48% to $208 million on the same basis Financial costs are reduced by 85.48% to $208 million on a year-on-year basis.
Domestic operators continue to contribute to the recovery, with 585.5 per cent of the country's investment in R & D actively increasing, and financial indicators suggesting an upswing. Companies invest heavily in strategic directions such as Pre5g, 5g, high end routers, sdn, otn, and core chips.
For R & D, R & D personnel have been reduced by 5.1 per cent to 30,000, but the amount invested has risen to $12,762 million, with a fine-affected net cash flow of $5.26 billion, a decrease of 28.96 per cent compared to the previous year; the disposal of shares such as PEI, good and unfavored, has had an impact on operations.
An increase of $4,057 million in advance receipts, potential revenue recognition, and an overall increase in corporate value by 5g before the 5g structural opportunity is determined. Operators ' capital expenditure, though reduced, is cut off from the towers, leading to higher concentration of investment in equipment.
Model telecom inputs focused on 4g, low-frequency re-cultivation and new features will continue to benefit the middle-surge. Wireless re-entry, light access, and light transmission still have a strong need for full coverage and continuous upscaling over the next two years, with companies leading the business nationally and globally.
With high-end router breakthroughs and national production replacements, the share of domestic markets is expected to rise significantly. Domestic dci programmes are lagging across the board and are at the starting point of renewal, generating huge non-operator market demand.
As a challenger who will move beyond North and Samsung across the board, the company will be at the top of the global ict supplier landscape, starting with the ncr implementation programme, which will be available at the end of 2018, raising corporate value and market expectations across the board and suggesting a sustained focus.