The low valuation has a security margin and there is room for improvement in the share price of the performance of Martin Ting, whose net profit was 54.419 billion, an increase of 3.5 per cent over the same period; the negative rate of 1.51 per cent was the same as at the end of June.
• Income growth has increased at a seasonal rate, with net interest income rising at a similar rate, with a sharper drop in interest income, fees and commissions. Business income of $14,97.16 billion was achieved in the first three quarters, an increase of 1.64 per cent, and q3, an increase of $4,602 million in business income of 4.7 per cent in the first three quarters.
q2 up by 1.54 percentage points. Structurally, q3 net interest income fell by 1.49% over the same period, and future net interest income performance is expected to continue to improve. Charges and commission net revenue performance was impressive, reaching $9,347 million in the first quarter of q3, an increase of 17.81% over the same quarter. q3 net profit growth declined at a flat rate, with a cut.
The net profit from the previous three quarters increased by 3.5 per cent compared to the previous quarter, with a 3.53 per cent increase from the previous quarter, with a slightly lower rate of q2, mainly as a result of the higher level of the provision and the higher cost of insurance operations.
With a small increase in loan interest rates, interest rate fluctuations in the peer market have stabilized and interest spreads have increased, and the net interest differentials are expected to continue to rise.
▪ Assets have been compressed and end-of-life deposits are increasing in size. Total assets are stable: loans have been growing steadily and the scale of assets of peers has been significantly reduced: the total assets of the Transport Bank at the end of September was 894 trillion, roughly the same as at the end of June.
Investments have increased. The balance of deposits at the end of the period has decreased net, but the scale of current deposits is increasing. The size of deposits at the end of September was 4.87 trillion, a net decrease of $71.85 billion (a decrease of 1.45 per cent) compared to the end of June. Structurally, the surplus of current deposits has decreased the cost of deposits.
This represents an increase of $23.4 billion from the end of June, but the share of “co-operator statements plus corporate liabilities” is less than 23.3 per cent, far below the rate of poor quality of assets and stable quality of assets at the end of June. The rate of bad luck at the end of September was 1.51 per cent, the same as at the end of June; the balance of non-performing loans was $66.818 billion, an increase of only $865 million, compared to the end of June.
In the last three quarters, a total of $21.91 billion was raised, of which q3 accounted for approximately $7 billion, compared to last year's medium-term performance of the Transport Bank (601328).
Launch of a summary of the exchange: Net Interest Differences Steady, Quality of Assets —  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Transport Banks operating robustly and Revenue Growth increasing seasonally; Bank-wide attention
Interest differential management, optimized liability structure, raised net interest differential level ring ratio; low rate stability, non-performing loan balances; good macro-environment, where improved quality of bank assets is sustained and performance is expected to improve continuously.
Figure 6: Structure of transport bank deposits Figure 8: Capital adequacy of transport bank Figure 7: Quality of transport bank assets
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board