Passenger transport recovery, recovery, demand recovery drive down losses, March 28, 2025 South Air.
The recovery in passenger transport is driven by growth, and the losses are narrow but still stressful. 1) End of income: recovery in domestic and foreign demand and growth in transport efficiency are driven by growth in revenues. In 2024, the company generated $174.224 billion in operating revenue, successively, in Rhodesnan.
Two years of growth, with passenger traffic equal to +15.84 per cent as a result of a rebound in business and tourist flows, an increase in passenger traffic to 84.38 per cent as a result of flight optimization and flight encryption, and a passenger transport revenue of $14.645 billion, representing 86.96 per cent of the income of the group ' s main business, became a central driver of growth in revenue.
Billion dollars, +8.12 per cent, of which the cost of fuel was 54,989 million yuan, + 5.65 per cent, and the cost of cost escalation was mainly due to an increase in business volume; unit ask cost was 0.44 yuan, +5.7 per cent, for the year as a whole, of which unit combustion cost: four major costs showed an overall increase. In 2024, company sales costs, management costs, finance
Demand rebounds and optimizes the supply, and business data are expected to continue to grow. 1) At the demand side: Demand recovers. In 2024, domestic, international, and regional ask/rpk annual public-business demand will recover further in 2019 and add up to tourism demand.
Thanks to the “one-way” initiative, the policy of waivers, and the policy of subsidies for international routes, accelerated recovery of international demand, deepening regional trade and economic cooperation in the rcep region in 2025, demand for South-East/North-East Asia routes will continue to rise. Demand recovery, combined with continued low international oil prices, is expected to continue to grow in passenger transport performance.
In the context of fleet restructuring, South Air rationally deploys broad-body passenger aircraft and narrow-body passenger aircraft into hot-gate routes, increases the volume of transport, reduces the cost of the narrow-body passenger aircraft in the feeder routes and improves the overall profitability of the aircraft.
At the airline level, the South Air has been investing in the Guangzhou, Beijing, Urumqi hub, the Australasia Bay region, the new additional routes in 2024, and the formation of a network-type airline. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
There is a long-term focus on transport research, with a solid foundation for research and industry. This report is provided to its customers by China’s Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.