On March 26, 2025, South Air issued its annual report for 2024.
Operating income was $174.22 billion, an increase of 8.9 per cent over the same period; the net return to mothers was $170.0 billion, offset by an increase in passenger traffic volume and a significant increase in freight revenue.
Revenue from passenger and related services increased by $14.97 billion over the same period.
3. Southern Airlines Review: The same-year performance was a significant loss in the recovery of international shipping routes, and the value of the company ' s cargo operations rose by 18.7 billion yuan, a 22 per cent increase over the same period.
A 7% decline, a build-up of flat fixed costs, a 24 billion yuan per unit per year, an increase of 1.9 billion yuan on the same year, mainly in compensation for aircraft operations. Some of the company’s controlling subsidiaries performed well, with a minority shareholder gain or loss of 1.9 billion yuan, an increase of 700 million yuan on the same year.
South China has a net profit of $4.2 billion and a net profit of $700 million (all in 55%). Overall, in 2024, the company lost $2.51 billion on a year-on-year basis.
With the production capacity constraints of upstream suppliers of spare parts, it is expected that the air industry will slow down to a small number of digits, while the number of civilian passengers is expected to continue to grow at a high level, with the Civil Aviation Authority expecting 780 million passengers for the entire year at the beginning of the year, an increase of about 7 per cent over the previous year, a historic increase.
International routes grew faster in 2025, and domestic international transport structures improved, and domestic fare pressures will be eased. The airline industry beta is strong, future supply and demand will accelerate, supply and demand will increase significantly, and corporate profit elasticity will be released.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Analysis of related report rating ratios in the market