South Air (600029.sh) reported in 2024: fare prices, increased profits in passenger and cargo operations: South Air 2024. In 2024, companies achieved 17.42 billion yuan in operating revenue,
In 2024, the company achieved $174.2 billion in net profits from the company’s South Air logistics, an increase of $1.76 billion over the same period. Domestic lines have increased significantly, and guest and utilization rates have largely recovered to their 19-year levels.
1) Movement: 24 years of total South China ask year-on-year +14.7 per cent, of which the domestic line ask year-on-year +2.4 per cent recovered to 82.4 per cent in 19 and the international and regional lines ask returned to 83.3 per cent in 19 years.
Seating rates: combined/domestic/international/international and regional passenger rates of 84.4 per cent/84.7 per cent/83.3 per cent, 4) fleet and utilization: the company fleet reached 917 aircraft (including 18 cargo aircraft) at the end of the 24-year period, with a net increase of 9 aircraft throughout the year, with fleet utilization returning to 9.62 hours, compared to +0.69 hours,
\triangleright \rpk \$0.48, corresponding to 12.7%, which is almost the same as in 19 years; \triangleright \trpk
South Air (600029.sh) 3-quarter report 2024: spot rate over the same period in 2019, fare price 2) cost: Average cost of oil in 2024 - 7%. South Air cost 0.44 US dollars per unit ask for the year.
South Air (600029.sh) reported mid-2024.
912 million yuan, an increase of 225 million dollars in losses over the same period, and supply constraints, which are seen as a elasticity of fares resulting from increased demand for travel. \triangleright three weeks before March
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. (cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.) is or is still restricted, and the company ' s seating and utilization rates are close to 19 years old; with the increase in demand for travel,
It is hoped that fare prices will be sustained in Beijing’s west-city district, the Golden House No. 127 A. on Wumenxi Streetb, and that the oil sink factor will be good, and that the Division will be expected to achieve high profit margins. It is proposed to focus on opportunities at the bottom of the air plate stage.
Looking at the company’s continued improvement in future profits, the company’s “growth” rating is maintained. Risk factors: demand for travel is not as high as expected, fare increases are not as high as expected, and oil prices are at a high risk of rising significantly.
In the areas of logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, and maritime transport, a number of provinces have been referred to external review boards, which have not been, have not been or will not be, directly or indirectly, linked to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.