Global clean energy development pole, integrated camp transformation, re-engineering values, 19/05/2023
Keywords: # Second Curve# Product Structural Changes Increase Profitability  Lead in Global Clean Energy and Water Resources Development: Companies are part of the Electric Group, undertaking the construction of more than 80% of large hydropower stations in the country, and more than 65% of wind and photovoltaic power planning
The mission, which is responsible for more than 50 per cent of the world's large and medium-sized hydropower markets, achieved business growth in 2022, seized “double carbon” opportunities and expanded the new energy construction landscape: (1) hydro, electricity is the company's traditional advantage, with new contracts for water and environment operations in 2022 amounting to $17,6.7 billion, the same ratio.
+36.4% The General Institute of Water Regulations, co-managed by the Electric Group, is responsible for the review, standardization management, receipt and inspection of technologies such as hydropower/wind/photovoltaic power nationwide, providing synergies for companies; (2) the company provides integrated solutions in infrastructure areas such as roads, municipalities and new contracts for infrastructure operations in 2022
At the end of the year, 22 mining rights were acquired, with a resource reserve of 8,568 million tons, the 14th Five-Year Project was achieved ahead of schedule, extending from energy construction to the operational area, and the restructuring of assets to accelerate the strategic transformation of “construction camps” integration: (1) the company accelerated the promotion of clean energy-centred electricity investment and operations, up to 2022
End wind/PV installation 7644/2724mw, with a Māori rate of more than 50 per cent for new energy investments. (2) During the 14th Five-Year Plan, the target for the company's additional wind-optic installed capacity was 30gw, the company consolidated its new energy source assets, set up a new power generation group and positioned itself as the only company to engage in new energy investment development.
A business investment platform will facilitate the acceleration of electricity investment and operations. The “double carbon” target will provide medium- and long-term growth space for pumping capacity, and companies will take the lead in benefiting from this: (1) new energy sources will absorb the demand for generating storage energy, and extraction technologies will mature until the end of 2022.
With 77.1 per cent of pumped energy in the project, the recent acceleration in the pricing of pumped energy has contributed to increased market motivation. (2) The company has a share of about 90 per cent in the design of pumped energy planning in the country, and 46/202,24.3 billion yuan will be the first to benefit from the incremental market as the backbone of the country’s pumping capacity.
▪ The “145” blueprint for refinancing aids: the company has successfully completed a fixed increase, which will be used mainly for the contracting of fine engineering projects, investment operations in strategic development areas, offshore wind and power survey and construction operations, and the preparation of procurement projects, which will provide strong support for the company's integrated transition to “construction camps”.
The daily valuation level is higher than the average of the construction firm and lower than the average of two new energy power operators. Investment in construction has increased at a slower rate than expected; reforms in State enterprises have not advanced as expected.
The company has been positioned as a mega-integrated engineering consortium, with over 80 per cent of the country's large water power plants, over 65 per cent of the planned design tasks for wind and solar photovoltaic power generation, representing about 50 per cent of the world's large, medium- and medium-sized hydropower construction market, and has accelerated the integration into “construction camps” in recent years.
Company Limited, established in November 2009 by the China Hydropower Construction Group Ltd., in association with China Hydroelectric Engineering Consultants Group Ltd., with the objective of creating the “China Hydropower First Brand”; and in 2011, China Hydropower Group implemented the electricity grid owner separation reform and reorganized the China Electricity Construction Group, which was handed over in the same year (601669.sh).
City; in 2014, the company changed its name from “China hydropower” to “China electricity”, and in 2015 it injected hydropower and wind and wind survey design assets under the Corporation's flag, resulting in asset restructuring; in 2021, the Corporation formed the China Power and New Energy Group, integrating new energy assets under its banner and creating a new energy brand; in 2022, the company will hold real estate assets and electricity from the Group.
The network's assets were replaced and a 15 billion yuan fixed increase plan was released in the same year, with funds directed to wind power and water-pumping storage projects. As the power conglomerate injects the remaining power-auxiliary assets into listed companies, it will gradually resolve competition among its counterparts and achieve electricity figure 1: the electricity conglomerates and the history of the development of electricity in China.
By the end of 2022, the company had 73 major subsidiaries, including China Water.
The first to sixteenth Directorate of Engineering for Hydropower and Electricity, the New Energy Group for China and Electricity, the Water and Power Engineering Advisory Group and others, whose operations cover engineering and survey design, electricity investment and operation, equipment manufacturing and leasing, and other operations, form the core of “water-cooled power” and the capacity of industry-wide chain services such as planning, surveying, design, construction, operation, equipment manufacturing and financing.
The company's strategic focus is “Aquatic City Sands”, which are related to aquaculture, new energy industries, integrated urban development, green sand chains, integrated into “construction camps.” The company's development strategy during the 14th Five-Year Period focused on five main areas of water-energy sand cities, good energy power, strong water resources environmental operations, large green sandstone operations, fine cities and infrastructure operations,
Specially digitized engineering, with five major industrial linkages, promotes “aquatic city sand” and digitally integrated development and business model innovations; companies will shape integrated camp development for precision, good construction, efficient operation and exit from fluid flow, promoting high-quality, sustainable development.
Figure 2: China's power-building equity structure (annual report up to 2023)
According to the network of corporate officials, the company ranked first among the top 150 engineering companies in 2022 and first in three consecutive years; fifth and sixth among the top 250 contractors in 2022 and the top 250 international contractors, and the top two in the electricity sector; and the global electricity industry.
The company ' s capacity and performance has always been the highest, with 260 projects receiving national awards for excellence in engineering, including 55 national prizes for quality engineering, 62 for Ruban awards and 143 national prizes for quality engineering.
In recent years, the level of corporate operating income has been robust and the level of profit has fluctuated slightly. In 2022, the company achieved a net return of 11.44 billion yuan, i.e. 32.5 per cent of the year, minus 15.9 per cent of the year's impact.
Real estate development blocks achieve asset divestiture and drive profits back to high-growth paths. Figure 5: Corporate net profit return and equal rate of increase. Power investment and operations are more profitable and traditional masters have a lower overall Māori ratio.
Contracted and surveyed design, with a ratio of more than 80 per cent in all years, is the company ' s core business, with current operating income of $50,436 billion in 2022, or +35.2 per cent in comparison; the company takes full advantage of its brand in the field of hydropower and is active in investing in and operating electricity with clean energy, such as wind power, photovoltaic power, hydropower, etc., achieved in 2022
In addition, the company speeded up the construction of the entire green sandstone chain, and by the end of 2022 it had acquired 22 mining rights for the green sandstone project. With regard to the Maori rate, the Māori ratio for engineering contracting and surveying the design masters was stable at around 10 per cent, while the Māori ratio for electricity investment and operations was over 40 per cent, contributing to the company by 4 per cent.
Figure 6: Māori rates per company ' s business, Figure 7: Per cent of company ' s business, Table 1: Operating income and Māori rates for China ' s electricity and electricity industries
The company ' s cost level has been stable in recent years, and the net cash flow of its operations has been positive for several years. During the company ' s 2022 period, the division achieved a net cash flow of $30.830 billion for its operations. Cash levels of its operations, though volatile in a cyclical manner, have remained positive for several consecutive years and have been more stable than the pay-as-you-go ratio; the company ' s power operations have gradually been scaled up and are expected to be in progress.
In 2023, the State Finance Committee of the State Council began piloting a system of “one-for-five” indicators to increase net asset yields and cash flows, with an overall goal of “one increase, one increase, one increase, four increases.”
The “one-size-fits-all” approach is to adjust the “asset-liability ratio to below 65 per cent” to “stable at about 65 per cent”, while the next step in the Commission's control of the debt ratio will be to adhere to the principle of “tenancy, overall stability”, which allows a reasonable increase in the debt ratio for enterprises that are in a period of strategic commitment and that have low debt ratios and have a manageable risk of allowing a reasonable increase in the debt ratio, but that is higher than the alert level and that of the contingent.
Control lines, and investment directions that do not meet the business requirements of the main industry, and enterprises that are poorly managed to invest remain firm in their debt reduction rates; the fourth upscaling refers to the net asset rate of return, the intensity of investment in research and development, full labour productivity, operating cash ratios to achieve further increases.
Strengthened, company-related strategies are expected to generate efficiency gains and further improve the quality and efficiency of their operations. 2. Traditional operations are growing robustly, seizing “double carbon” opportunities to expand the new energy construction landscape. Engineering contracting and mapping are the core business of the company, with infrastructure and urban development, energy power, water capital.
Billion yuan, +29.3 per cent, with more than 10 per cent growth in new contracts in recent years; infrastructure and urban construction as the main business of engineering contracting blocks, companies participating fully in urbanization, participating actively in the opening of infrastructure markets and project competition, and continuously promoting healthy development of infrastructure operations; energy power operations as the company's traditional advantage
(b) Water resources and environmental operations are important components of the company's operations, and companies are fully involved in planning for “water-informed” planning excellence.
The company’s share of energy and electricity-related contracts increased from year to year.
Billion dollars, or 35/18/45 per cent of the total number of new contracts, of which wind/photovoltaic operations, or 245.2 per cent increase in other power engineering contracting operations on a year-on-year basis (after deduction and impact + 23.7 per cent). Figure 12: Ratio of new contracts to sub-project types (internal to external, respectively)
The company's new contracts are growing faster than the rest of the buildings. By calculating the four-quarterly rolling revenues of the eight major buildings, the growth rate/orders increases have shown that the company's revenues and orders have increased at a higher rate and that, against a background of industry growth and decline, public orders and revenues have continued to grow at a higher rate, which we expect to be due to new capital areas such as corporate wind and light volts, which have continued to be issued in recent years.
Figure 15: Four quarterly revenue/order increases in eight buildings; Hydropower is a corporate niche, with synergies in planning and design; Hydropower is a corporate traditional advantage.
Operational areas such as water use, ecological restoration and management of the aquatic environment, water services, port navigation, desalination and other environmental management projects with a wealth of engineering capacity and construction experience involved in the construction of the six-sea silting project in Beijing, the Chan Pond, sewage treatment of the river basins, the integrated rehabilitation of the East Pacific Lake, water quality improvement in the Huang Pu River, the integrated management of the Xi An Xiangdong River Road,
The Kunming City Water Supply Project and the Chengdu River Lake Integrated Management Project for Integrated Management of the Urban Water Environment; in the field of hydropower operations, the former China Hydropower Construction Group, the largest leading state-owned enterprise in the field of hydropower construction in the country, were involved in the construction of landmarks such as the Yangtze Three Gorge Water Station, the North South Water Exchange Project and the Yellow River Small Wave Bottom Hydroelectric Station.
The combined China Electricity Consortium continued and continued its advantages in the field of hydroelectric engineering, with the construction of a number of new nationally visible hydroelectric projects, such as the White Crane Beach hydroelectric power station, the Utunde hydroelectric power station and the billion yuan, an increase of 36.4 per cent over the same period; and water and electricity contracting operations generated $89,622 million, an increase of 15.9 per cent over the same period.
The company has a clear competitive advantage in surveying the design business. The company has built over 80% of the country’s large hydropower stations, and over 65% of the planned design tasks for wind and solar photovoltaic power, with complete hydropower, fire power, and solar power.
For the third year in a row, Wind and Solar Power Engineering was ranked first on the “enr Global Design Company 150” list, ranking fifth in 2022 as the International Engineering Design Enterprise 225th.
China East, North West, South Central, Chengdu, Guiyang, Kunming, all have comprehensive design qualifications to carry out survey design operations in the operational areas of hydropower, new energy, transport, municipal, architectural, environmental and geotechnical engineering. (1) Beijing House: the first technical unit in the country to carry out pumping energy research has been responsible for more than 80 pumping energy.
(b) Thousands of kilowatts, representing 21 per cent of the total installed capacity of the country's hydroelectric power plants, and the first enterprises in the country to carry out wind survey designs.
65 per cent of the market share of wind power; (3) Northwestern House: successful branding of “NWW” “nwh” “nwe” and completion of surveying and design of more than 300 large- and medium-sized hydropower projects;
(iv) Central and South House: over 160 projects have been carried out for the design of hydro and water surveys at home and abroad, with a total installed capacity of more than 1,000 works in the autonomous regions of provinces and cities, with a total capacity of about 200 gw; (5) Chengdu House: complete the survey and review of hydro resources in more than 100 large and medium rivers in the south-west and Tibet region;
Census of the theoretical reserves of hydro-energy resources, 54.4 per cent of the country; acceptance of the Yaru Tibetan River, the Jinsha River, the Great River, the Yakwan River, and the hundreds of thousands of kilowatts, representing about 39 per cent of the country's available hydropower resources, with the highest level of activity in the industry; (6) Guiyang House: engineering and processing techniques, crushing concrete damming techniques, high piles of stones, etc.
(b) Integrated management techniques at the international level: (7) Kunming House: construction of high dams, high-dwelling floods, large underground caves, high-margin slopes, emergency disposal of squeamish dams,
Hydropower lifters, engineering safety, and wind resource development in the highlands have achieved more than 30 key international-leading nuclear-heart technologies. The Hydropower Planning General Institute, managed by the Electric Group, is responsible for national hydropower, wind power, and solar photovoltaic power.
Technical review, standardization management, completion of safety facilities, etc., provides a synergy for companies. The history of the General Water Regulations Board dates back to 1950, when the Ministry of Fuel Industry and the Hydroelectric Engineering Department was placed under the Ministry of Fuel Industry, the Ministry of Energy, the Ministry of Water, the Ministry of Electricity, the National Electricity Company, and the China Electricity Group, the first sixteen of which were established by the National Energy Agency.
One of the advisory bases for energy research and one of the 15 regulatory bodies for the standardization of the country's energy sector is responsible for the management of the country's 6 hydroelectric, 6 hydroelectric and 2 wind and electricity sub-producers.
Preparation of medium- and long-term development planning for planning, extraction and storage of water, participation in the preparation of special programmes such as the 14th Energy Development Plan, the Electricity Development Plan, the Energy Science and Technology Development Plan, etc.
Technical review of major projects, such as the compressed air storage power plant, the Shanxi Manpower Storage Power Station, and the major demonstration of offshore wind power in the far-reaching waters of Shanghai.
2. The company provides an integrated solution to the infrastructure development of the backbone enterprises.
The company takes full advantage of “water and electricity literacy” and plays a role in industrial linkages and actively participates in the development of infrastructure markets and in competition for projects. The company provides integrated, integrated, whole-of-industry solutions in infrastructure areas such as roads, municipalities, rail, housing construction, and the water environment, and has built the Wuqing New Town Development Project, Kunming.
Large-scale national infrastructure projects, such as municipal sewage treatment plants, are actively involved in investment in and operation of water and environmental engineering, desalination, mining resource development, etc. New contracts for company infrastructure operations of $356.6 billion were made in 2022, a slight decline compared with the previous year; corporate infrastructure projects were contracted in 2021 to house construction/municipal construction/road construction/rail construction
Figure 19: Introduction to various areas of corporate infrastructure operations and typical projects Figure 20: Number of new contracts for infrastructure operations and rate of increase over the same period Figure 21: Ratio of type of sub-operation for infrastructure engineering in 2021
2.3. Active expansion of the green sandstone industry, completion of beach raiding, creation of China's “green sandstone” brand and high resource reserves. In recent years, the country has accelerated the construction of eco-civilization, the construction materials industry has accelerated the transformation of green, environmentally friendly and scalding markets, and the green sand industry has become a balance between environmental protection and economic development
By the end of 2022, the company had acquired 22 mining rights for the Green Sand Project, seven green sand projects for the operational period, with a total of 8,568 million green sand resources.
In addition, based on the sandstone bone network, the company has set up a green platform for construction, which has been applied to seven projects, such as the largest green construction site in the world; the construction of integrated sand and dry production systems through full-scale production of dust.
Closed and dust-sourced, isolated and independent operations, etc., provide for the transportation of bone materials and the production and processing of the entire process. 2.4. Retarding of new energy and water storage and development resources, with wind, light, and savings, and a single increase in the signing of new contracts, China East House has had a pre-eminence in the new energy sector.
Project survey design, which entered the field of photovoltaic design in 2007, cumulatively completed the survey design of 100 land wind farms of all types of geogeological conditions, master epc contracting, with many successful implementation experiences and performances along the beaches, islands and high mountains, and the tri-northern region, with sea wind undertaking survey design and master-contracted offshore wind electrical items
With a combined network capacity of about 65 per cent of the domestic market for offshore wind power, the design theory and technical standards of our offshore wind power infrastructure were created, and a complete technical system of engineering applications was developed. In the area of photovoltaic power generation, the total capacity of photovoltaic engineering and consultancy projects was about 5 million kilowatts (kW) and the total contracted (including investment) photovoltaic projects were about 3 million kW.
The company responded positively to the national double carbon strategy, seized energy power, actively promoted new energy-related construction operations, and signed a single increase in the value of the new contract for the company ' s energy and electricity operations in 2022 at $452.9 billion, or +88.7 per cent, as compared with +88.7 per cent for the public sector.
While consolidating traditional major industries such as hydropower construction, the Division actively sought new energy and extraction energy construction tasks, with new contracts signed in 2022 for wind and power operations amounting to $145.5 billion, or +68.2 per cent, and for photovoltaic operations amounting to $193.6 billion, or +409.9 per cent, and for pumping and energy projects amounting to $24.3 billion, or +20.3 per cent, for conventional utilities.
Figure 24: Structure of newly signed contracts for energy and electricity operations (2021 and 2022) 3. Extension from energy construction to operational areas, and accelerated “construction” integration of recapitalization
3.1. The State strongly supports clean energy construction, and the trend of new wind-loaders during the 14th Five-Year Period is clear. The domestic power supply structure has changed and the capacity of new energy sources has increased rapidly.
The goal of “Medium-neutral” and “Building new power systems with new energy sources” is to drive the energy and electricity industry towards a sustainable green low-carbon orientation, and the “3060 Plan” further requires that the share of non-fossil energy consumption be increased in 2025, 2030 and that a standard system of renewable energy standards, based on photovoltaic and wind power, be developed, with policies linked.
According to the National Energy Agency, in 2022, 87.4gw light voltage and 37.6gw wind power will be added to the country.
In October 2021, the State Council proposed to accelerate the planning of large-scale wind-voltage bases in the desert, Gobi, and desert areas. In February 2022, the National Development Commission and the Energy Agency issued a plan layout programme, which sets out a clear road map for the construction of the wind-storm base.
Construction of a new energy base on seven continents, two integrated water and wind development bases and five major offshore wind and wind power bases. The first wave of large wind and photovoltaic bases is now fully operational, the second batch of projects are on the list, and the third batch of projects are on the list.
Seven of the company’s major design schools have extensive experience in new energy projects, laying the foundation for the integration of new energy sources into “construction camps.” In addition to the previously mentioned ones, the others have extensive experience in new energy operations in their respective regions, such as Chengdu, which completed the preparation and successful development of a new energy development plan for Sichuan Province and Tibet Autonomous Region’s 13th Five-Year Energy Plan.
With the construction of the first wind power project in Sichuan, the Northwestern House undertook the mapping of wind farms such as the Gansu Spring wind power base of 6.8 million kW, the Xinjiang wind power base of 8 million kW, the Uranchab wind power base of one phase of the 6 million kW demonstration project, and the Beijing House completed the first nationwide demonstration of the 1 million kW wind power base planning project in the country — Hebei
The company’s vast experience in mapping design and engineering aspects of new energy projects has laid the foundation for a company to move from a single project to an integrated whole-of-industry service provider. Electricity investment and operations are an important part of the company’s business, and the company has accelerated its promotion of wind power and light hair.
At the end of the year, the company held a 20.4gw installed capacity, of which the wind and grid were 7644mw, an increase of 21.64 per cent compared to the previous year, water, 6855mw, an increase of 5.75 per cent compared to the previous year, fire and power, 3160mw, a flat ratio, photovoltaic power and 2724mw.
The share of clean energy increased by 87.63 per cent over the same period, reaching 84.5 per cent. Figure 27: Cumulative installed capacity of electricity investment and operations and the same rate of increase. Figure 28: Cumulative installed capacity of power investment and operation sub-blocks (gw)
▪ Accumulated load capacity (gw) – year-on-year (%, right) Māori rates and net interest rates for the higher contribution of electricity investment and operations, with Māori rates of more than 50% for new energy investments. 23.81 billion yuan was collected in 2022 for the company's electricity investment and operations, an increase of 17.1%, and Māori rates/net interest rates
4.2 per cent of the revenue ratio contributed 13.6 per cent of the gross margin and 20.9 per cent of the net profit; further split, new energy operations, such as wind and photovoltaic power, have remained above 50 per cent for nearly three years, significantly higher than the non-new energy category.
Figure 32: Revenue and profit-sharing from electricity investment and operation operations 3.3. Integration of the New Energy Group for Electricity and the promotion of “input” integration.
New energy industry. In order to promote a shift in corporate energy investment towards a greener low-carbon approach, to take full advantage of the company’s outstanding advantages in investing in, planning, designing, and operating integration in new energy sectors, and to motivate relevant sectors and sub-enterprises, the company issued a new energy investment business guide for China’s Electricity Construction Group (CG), Ltd., and made a major effort to develop new ones.
(1) Overall objective: During the “145” period, the document requires the Group (stocking) company to produce a new holding capacity of 30 gw wind and light power installed, but with a total of 48.5 gw in accordance with the new energy development target for 28 sub-enterprises; sub-enterprises are required to report to the Group by the end of February each year on the development of new energy projects in the previous year
Moreover, sub-enterprises that have not received a mandate or authorization to develop may, upon approval, participate in the development of new energy projects; the company will reward sub-enterprises that have completed or exceeded their targets accordingly. (2) Subject area of investment: the document indicates further liberalization of the group ' s portfolio of new energy projects.
(c) A document that allows sub-enterprises such as new energy investment finance, investment control and risk-resistant design, construction, regional investment companies (excluding other platform-type enterprises) to participate in investments in new energy projects within the country in order to broaden project resources (3) provides for rates of return on investment for various types of projects, and for subsidized projects, the rate of return on capital money.
An adjustment of ~8 per cent from the original ~10 per cent, or ~7 per cent for parity or low-cost projects; projects that are not satisfied with the return on investment and that meet China's electricity control requirements can be developed on the basis of locking in the intended purchasers of the projects and building an external transfer project to boost group epc operations; for new energy projects that are asset service-driven, pc, the group can be satisfied.
New energy investment projects require a shift from high-quality resources to long-term holdings. (4) In the case of offshore investments, companies will concentrate on country-driven “one-way” risk-controlled, country- and region-driven investments in new energy projects abroad.
The creation of a new energy consortium to integrate the “construction camps” will facilitate the rapid and high-quality development of new energy operations. The new energy consortium was established by the company as the only new energy source under the company’s flag, as a result of the restructuring of the China Hydro-Engineering Consultants Group Limited, a subsidiary of the company, and other new energy projects owned by the holding company.
Investment Platforms for Investment in Development Business, which focuses on investment development and management of clean, low-carbon energy projects with a focus on new sources of energy, is committed to becoming a first-class energy investment operator for high-quality, high-quality energy. The formation of a new energy consortium for electricity has the potential to maximize the benefits of integrated investment in construction and to accelerate the growth of corporate electricity investment and operations.
The “double carbon” target provides a medium- and long-term growth space for pumping water energy, and companies will take the lead in setting market increases in medium- and long-term planning and improving price formation mechanisms for high-quality industrial development.
With the introduction of the “double carbon” target, renewable energy, dominated by wind power, photovoltaic power generation, has gradually become an important component of the new energy system: wind power, photovoltaic power generation is volatile, intermittent and random.
The net load of power systems varies in short, long and very long periods, and the new energy mix will be the dominant mode of solving the problem of new energy consumption and maintaining grid stability. In all types of technologies, the extraction energy storage technology is well developed and reliable, and is the backbone of the current storage capacity, and our pumping capacity was up to 42.2gw in August 2022, up from 2021.
15.9%, according to the Cnesa Global Repository Project Bank, by the end of 2022, the share of pumping capacity in the energy storage project was 77.1%.
The medium- and long-term development plan for pumping capacity (2021-2035) sets out the medium- and long-term development objectives for pumping capacity: by 2025, the country's total capacity for pumping capacity will have doubled to 62gw in 2025, and then doubled to 124gw in 2030.
The economic development needs of the central urban population, and the China-China regional priorities in the provinces of Henan, Hunan and Hubei for the large-scale development of new energy sources and electricity evacuation needs, with a focus on the rational layout of the new energy bases and load centres, with a focus on the “Three Norths”
In the “3-north” region, the pricing policy for pumping capacity has been further improved, contributing to market motivation. The rapid roll-out of our pumping capacity has been accompanied by problems with the pricing policy, which, in the context of the 2015 electricity system reform, provided for pumping energy.
Costs, which are not related to transmission and distribution operations, cannot be included in the pricing costs of transmission and distribution, and which, to some extent, discourages non-grid enterprises and social capital from developing pumping storage plants, but also makes it difficult to obtain marketable investments in pumping and storage operations.
In May 2023, the Commission issued a circular on the price of the capacity of the pumping power plant and related matters, which was approved for delivery by the end of 2025.
Cost of the capacity of the 48 pumping power plants transported, with a clear breakdown of the capacity of the pumping power stations serving the regional grid