On October 21, 2019, the Eastern Wealth Report published a three-quarterly report, which collected $3.10 billion in the first three quarters of the year.
The performance of retail securities continued to be high: in the first three quarters of 2019, companies achieved a 22.5 per cent increase in the value of securities. The high performance of retail securities was mainly due to capital markets, with a relative depth of 300 indexes.
On the one hand, a stock base day in the previous three quarters increased the income of the Fund and the non-fund base ratio increased: the company achieved $1.06 billion in income from non-portfolio services in the previous three quarters, up by 3.3 per cent from the same period last year.
Six months a year - 3.25% negative growth. In terms of trends, corporate fund sales in the first half of the year amounted to $309.00 billion, a small increase of 2.1% over the same year, of which current treasure (currency fund) sales were rated as good and slightly ahead of schedule.
Shows that companies have taken the initiative to restructure their products, and that the increase in the non-base ratio has led to an increase in revenue. Continuing to build-up research and development, with good cost controls: companies continue to build-up research and development, and last three quarters report aaaa retail rebounds, with net gains of 28%
With investment of up to $231 million, a significant increase of 77.3 per cent over the same year, the upgrading and optimization of Internet-based financial services platform is continuously advanced, and users’ online experience is expected to increase. In addition, coverage of _aaa_ flows creates advantages and financial-driven growth.
The company also had a bright spot in cost control, with the completion of the debt-transferable conversion during the reporting period leading to a decrease in interest costs and a significant 91.7 per cent reduction in financial costs, corresponding to the total for the previous three quarters.
Cost increases ranged from 1.1 per cent to $1.12 billion in the same year, and cost control over-expected higher profits for the company
The first publicly-owned product was declared, and the wealth management was developed for a long time: the company quickly promoted the operation of the fund after obtaining a public fund (a futures licence for securities) and the first TDR 50 index fund was officially declared to the CSRC in September 2019.
In the context of the heat of competition, companies are integrating the production and sale of their funds’ services. On the other hand, they are also simultaneously building private fund-raising platforms under the umbrella of which private fund-raising managers and investors are expected to offer online private fund-raising and transactional services solutions.
Investment proposals and profit projections: 2019 to date, market transactions and large changes in the same size, good practices, expansion of corporate retail securities, and optimization of the fund’s marketing structure.
In addition, companies are working on additional research and development and are actively setting up public funds, private platforms, etc., and integrated financial eco-development is time-bound. Companies are expected to be compressed at the start of their operations; and corporate brokerage and market penetration has not increased as much as expected.