Issued with approval for debt swaps and continued expansion of power 19 December 2019: company announcement today: applications for public release of convertable corporate bonds from the 2019 business board are in progress
The National Securities Supervisory Board has approved a six-year period. 7 billion yuan in face value is approved for debt transfer, and the equity capital is expected to increase further: 1) The CMS has approved the public release of $7.3 billion worth of debt transferable to society, and the collection of funds will be used to supplement the East
Operating funds for wealth securities to support their business development and enhance their resilience to risk. 2) Raising of portfolio investment operations to scale up (up to 500 million yuan); replenishment of Eastern wealth innovation capital to speed up alternative investment business development (up to 300 million yuan). 3) Securities operations are the company's main revenue.
One of the sources (contribution of 66 per cent in the first half of the year 2019), both traditional and innovative business development requires capital-scale support, and firms are in the midst of rapid growth in the number of clients and the size of their operations, and the expansion of securities is expected to accelerate further as they gain strength.
▪ Passive investment is gaining ground, and the flow of capital will continue to benefit from long-term wealth management space. 1) After new regulation, managed products are subject to the requirements of net value management, active management of product rates, index funds/etf invests as a value for money when high and difficult to sustain excess returns
Carriers, characterized by high risk returns, easy transactions, transparent operations, low costs, etc., were popular. Index fund net assets exceeded trillions in the first half of 2019, accounting for 7% of the total market, up from 4% in the same period last year, with intense competition, and the cost of lowering the market battles.
The initial treasury fund was set up (the 50 index fund above) at a rate of 20 bp (management fee of 0.15 per cent per year, maintenance fee of 0.05 per cent per year), well below market levels (e.g., 50etf connection rate of 40 bp at Boding Time, 50etf rate of 60 bp at summer). Companies build core competitions with high flow + low cost + excellent services.
In the future, there will be much more to be done in the creation of the Fund’s products, investment advisers, and the allocation of customer’s assets, looking at the long-term scope for wealth management. The company’s platform has grown steadily, the securities business has continued to grow, and the build-up will continue to expand.
The efficiency of the Internet financial platform continues to improve, and the Sky Fund Network has an outstanding flow advantage on user sticky and product distribution channels, and the Fund ' s sales operations have grown steadily and its revenue structure has been further optimized. The share of revenue from commissions and sales services as a result of financial e-commerce services operations has been increased from 2016 to 2016.
1. Eastern Wealth (300059): The first fund is released, pending the management of wealth, further capital strength in the future, optimal business structure, integrated competitiveness, number of clients and
Three-quarterly reviews: performance continues to be excessive, business size expands, and securities are expected to continue to grow.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: companies can transfer debt, capital strength will further expand the number of households and the size of their operations, superimposition of the third tier of fund flows to accelerate start-up, with a strong focus on retailing mid-year: performance over expectations, flows
Business prospects for wealth management. In the short and medium term, it is expected that the performance of the stockholders will continue to increase.
Figure 7: Net profit and increase in Tibet Eastern wealth securities 2015-2019h1 Figure 8: Sales and revenues from Eastern Wealth Fund 2013-2019h1