During the three-quarter period, the performance of the securities operations and the sales of the funds continued to grow and the performance of the first three quarters exceeded expectations, resulting in a net profit increase of 70.97 per cent over the previous three quarters. The company issued an announcement on the evening of 21 October 2019: $3.09 billion in revenue for the first three quarters.
30.19 per cent over the same period; 1.395 billion yuan in net return profit, 74.13 per cent over the same period; and a sustained increase in net profit from non-repatriation and sales of Māori, with a significant improvement in net operating cash flows on a year-on-year basis, with a 41.28 per cent increase in sales costs in the third quarter over the same period, mainly due to further increases by companies
72.69 per cent, up continuously on a quarterly basis. Net operating cash flows increased by 1090.12 per cent over the year, mainly as a result of a net inflow of securities traded by securities brokers.
According to the announcement, the capital market was active in the first three quarters of 2019, with a significant increase in the same turnover, a rapid growth in corporate securities and a significant increase in portfolio-related revenues. We believe that the opening of corporate clients has continued to grow considerably and that the stock market has been steadily rising in the last three quarters.
This has provided the basis for a high increase in income from portfolio operations. From the first half of 2019, companies focused on the quantity and quality of fund sales, the base sales ratio of low commissions gradually decreased, and non-monetary fund sales outpaced the IMF, making the Fund's sales operations in the first three quarters of the year.
• Reporting of the first publicly funded product, future growth of the financial management business
The CSRC officially announced the first TDR 50 index fund on a monthly basis. The company continues to make a substantial increase in wealth management. 2019-07-27.
"Performance is over-expected, securities business is up-swinging." Corporate performance is over-supplies in the third quarter, securities business is continuing to grow, and fund sales are continuing to grow.
Continued expansion and diversification of operations, $2019-05-30,408 million, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.