14 November 2019: The first foundation of the Tibetan Eastern Monetary Fund, the TDR 50 index-based equity investment
The Fund has been licensed by the CVM, and its contracts and recruitment instructions are announced and published immediately.  The first index fund is published at a rate of 20bp below market level. 1) The first foundation of the Tibetan Eastern Fiscal Fund, the TDR 50 index-based Portfolio Investment Fund, was launched on 29 October 2019
The CSRC document allows for registration for sale from 18 November to 29 November 2019. The launch fund for the second product, the TNTAC thematic index, is in the process of being reviewed.
Fund rates of 20bp (management fee of 0.15 per cent per year and hosting fee of 0.05 per cent per year) are well below market levels. 40bp (management fee of 0.30 per cent per year and hosting fee of 0.10 per cent per year) for 50etf (management fee of 0.50 per year) for 50etf (management fee of 0.50 per year and hosting fee of 0.10 per cent per year) and for Tian Hong.
The 50 indexa rate of 60 bp (management fee of 0.50 per cent per year, hosting fee of 0.10 per cent per year) and the 50 indexa rate of 140 bp (1.20 per cent per year, hosting fee of 0.20 per cent per year) will be followed up by passive investment and the flow will continue to benefit. 1) New regulations and rules will be in place.
Since then, managed products have been subject to the requirements of net value management, with a high and unsustainably high rate of management of products, marked returns, ease of transaction, transparency, low cost, high instrument attributes, etc. The annual index fund ' s net asset value has increased from 4 per cent to 7 per cent of the market over the same period last year.
Competition tends to get warmer, and the price falls on the market. 3) Eastern wealth builds core competitiveness with high flows + low-cost + excellent services, with branding resources superior, or will continue to benefit.
Corporate equity performance continued to increase, driven by two factors, namely, a boom in market growth and an increase in market participation, the continued increase in the efficiency of Internet finance platforms, the outstanding flow advantages of the Sky Fund Network in terms of user stickyness and product distribution channels, the smooth growth of fund sales and the further optimization of the revenue structure,
Quarterly reviews: Performance continues to be over-predicted into wealth management markets, flow realization level 3 is accelerated, and companies demonstrate three natural core advantages of customer resources, platform systems, operating costs in the area of wealth management.
Financial resources, which will have much to offer in the future in terms of the creation of Fund products, investment advisers, and the allocation of customer assets. Mid-year review: performance over expectations, flow projections and investment ratings: EDF products are about to be online and flow realization level 3 accelerated.
3. Eastern Wealth (300059): Public fund-raising, combined with a recapitalization that further expands the number of clients and the size of their businesses, firmly sees retail finance as coming online, and flows are accelerating.
In the short and medium term, it is expected that the performance of the financial securities will continue to increase, and the company is expected to advance 2019-07-04.
Figure 5: Net profit and increase in Tibet Eastern Wealth Securities 2014 - 2019q3
Figure 8: Sales and revenues from Eastern Wealth Fund 2013~2019h1