Eastern wealth (300059) reported a three-quarter review in 2019, and three-quarters performance turned against market growth. In the third-quarter quarter of 2019, stock turnover was down, Lilonghai.
In the context of the marginal deterioration, the company ' s performance was counter-marketed with a single-season net profit transfer (S034051012000613) and a significant fall in the company ' s interest costs during the second and third quarters of 2019, respectively.
In the first three quarters of 2019, stock exchanges grew by 39.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, as a result of an increase in market turnover, and companies achieved net revenue from fees and commissions of $1,456 million, an increase of 65.8 per cent over the same period.
3.7%, as can be seen from the second quarter, the net revenue from corporate brokerage activities grew at a much faster rate than market equities, and the effect of the flow transformation was particularly significant, driving the growth in corporate-market ownership.
But the balance of corporate financing and the city’s share have risen significantly over the same period, so that in the first three quarters of 2019, the company’s net interest income grew by 22.5% over the same period. On the margins, the company melted at the end of the third quarter of 2019, and the net interest income ring grew by 10.6% in the first quarter of the year.
The debt-distribution programme, which seeks to raise up to $7.3 billion and spend up to $6.5 billion of that amount on two-fold operations, has helped to raise the market share of the company’s two-fold business. The fund’s sales operations have been growing steadily in the price wars.
The company reported in its 2019 report that the sales revenue of the fund represented 81.4 per cent of the income of the parent department, so that the sales income of the fund could be observed through the parent company, which collected $380 million in a single quarter, a 5.4 per cent increase in the ring.
Major market price wars have led to lower revenue from front-end recognition and requisitioning fees, and companies have maintained income stability through the advantages of fund retention and optimization of the fund ' s income structure (upgrade of tail fund and sales service fees as a share of the fund ' s sales proceeds).
On 4 July 2019, the company issued an announcement that the PGF-affiliated Eastern Financial Fund had obtained a certificate issued by the China CSRC for the operation of securities futures. The PGF products are expected to be indexed in the first half of the year.
In May of that year, the company completed the acquisition and replenishment of 100% of the equity of the public insurance broker and obtained the insurance submissive licence plate. In May 2019, the subsidiary, the Eastern Wealth Securities Company, set up an alternative investment subsidiary, the Eastern Capital for Innovation. In June 2019, the subsidiary, Shanghai Yuyu Wealth Investment Management Company Limited, was in China.
In June 2019, the Corporate Division of Technology and Technology Limited, a subsidiary of the Shanghai Eastern Wealth Network, obtained a “auction approval certificate” issued by the Shanghai City Business Council.
The exhibition revolved around the needs of platform users, such as Eastern Wealth, and was well targeted, with high user transformation success rates, and the platform entered a virtuous cycle of cross-breeding. Investment advice: companies expanded financial services around the needs of platform users, contributing to the increased stickyness of platform clients.
Strong companies and corporate growth have entered a virtuous cycle of anti-breeding, and companies are now ready to issue their own public fund-raising for new liquidity. In the third quarter of 2019, in the context of a decline in the turnover ratio, corporate revenue and net profits have increased on average, and the platform ' s user flow advantage has been highlighted.
On the basis of this, the company is expected to grow at a high depth of 300 indexes from 2019 to 2020, the rating system's “market index” reference point.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.