Shanghai Medicine (601607) Pharmaceutical biology multiplies good business development and the pharmaceutical industry re-engages at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Summary of performance: Gross operating income of $14.33 billion (-0.21 per cent) was achieved in the first three quarters of 2020, resulting in net profit of $3.6 billion (+6 per cent) for mothers and $3.28 billion (+6.8 per cent) for non-returning mothers. Total operating income of $53.16 billion (+10.6 per cent) and net profit of $1.16 billion (+4.1 per cent) for the first three quarters of the single quarter.
(a) Medical commerce: accelerating import access, warehousing logistics, etc... Medicine business income is $122.75 billion, medicine business income is $47.460 billion, an increase of 12.7 per cent over the same period, and performance is accelerating. 1) In the case of imported medicines, 12 import-generation varieties are introduced, salami, saturation, anti-injection fluid, injection with kafizomi.
In the case of vaccine imports, the vaccine business now earns $3.97 billion (+62.6 per cent). The agent's gsk heavy-pound recombinant herpe vaccine (Sing Antique) was officially opened in 7 and was sold in the third quarter of the year in the order of $550 million.
In September, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement for the storage, distribution and supply chain services of vaccine products throughout the country. It agreed to commission production cooperation and began work on the construction of a new crown vaccine production site. In addition, the Shanghai Medical Safety Base “Zwed Road Two Project” was launched and intensified.
4) Internet+: 65 Internet hospitals have been docked (including in the process of being docked) and have entered into an exclusive distribution commission with many of them. The financing of Healthy Packard B is currently under way, with the introduction of competitive industrial resources and development funds to promote companies into the future.
Billion yuan (1.8 per cent) contributed 1.63 billion yuan (+6 per cent) of profits, with a Māori rate of 58.7 per cent, an increase of 1.2 pp. One (19 regulations) is in the forefront of the industry. 1) Research and development: establishing subsidiaries in collaboration with the Kyushu pharmaceutical industry, working together on high-end preparations, 2) raw materials: in-depth strategic collaboration with high-quality suppliers of upstream raw materials.
The project is under way, and is not expected to be completed in the near future.
To effectively guarantee the company's demand for raw materials. 3) Formulation production: Launch of the “Supreme Medicine Super Plant Project” to integrate high-end pharmaceutical formulation products in the interior and to create multi-agent, multi-species, high-yield industrial parks, the project is expected to officially land during the year.
Increased R & D input, new type 1 drug line in the harvest period. R & D in the first three quarters amounted to $1.18 billion, representing 6.8 per cent of industrial sales earnings.
The new generation of recombinant herpes soluble virus t3011, introduced in the month, is currently undergoing clinical trials in the erbb2 inhibitor.
The application for the clinical test for the "sph3261 capsule" was accepted. The first case of the clinical trial for the "sph3348" of the new anticancer c-met selective inhibitor (2020-04-29) was placed in the group.
2. Shanghai Medicines (601607), Industrial and Commercial Tables. Clinical trials against rheumatological arthritis adaptive periods were completed.
Car-t Joint Targeting Research to promote the acceleration and industrialization of cutting-edge innovative projects. (2020-04-02). 13 times, 11 times, 10 times.
The pharmaceutical industry has won core competitiveness in generic pharmaceuticals by guaranteeing the supply of raw materials and production capacity, and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.