Lumpstone of the integration of lithium electric materials: through the cycle, growing up, growing up, 20 years of deep-farming through the cycle, moving into growth, covering for the first time a “buy-in” rating.
The company is on the path of transition from a domestic leader in the cobalt industry to a global leader in the lithium electric material industry, and as the construction of the nickel project in Indonesia accelerates and the production of lithium materials in the downstream is expanding, the integration of the lithium electric material industry has become increasingly effective. The company is expected to use “upstream resources to increase profits, downstream material performance” to weaken prices.
• Industrial chain integration layouts are largely in place: nickel resources and tripod materials are at the core of future performance growth Upstream resources: cobalt and copper smelting can currently produce 39,000 and 111,000 tons annually, and cobalt and copper as traditional business will continue to provide a steady supply of raw materials for the transformation of corporate integration.
The main position, with capacity planning totalling 225,000 tons of metal (up to 90,000 tons of metal in equity), the Chinese Wetting Method project has been successfully tested, and the Waco Fire Project will follow closely and will be one of the core points of performance growth in the future, and the key to the company's transition to the lithium chain.
With an annual capacity of 100,000 tons, we expect it to reach 22.5.32 million tons by 2022/2023. And the company, in association with the head of the three-dollar high nickel and phosphate lithium industry, has made full access to the last ring of the downstream lithium power layout, leading to a triple plus phosphorus two-way flow.
• Integrated industrial chain layout + production and manufacturing parks build low-cost core advantages Industrial chain integration: the corporate integration strategy has been deployed for six years and has largely completed the construction of a closed ecosystem in the whole industry chain.
The company’s nickel project in Indonesia has a clear competitive advantage in terms of the pace of production, the size of capacity, and the amount of investment in tons. With the successful piloting of China’s wetting program, the project is followed closely, and we expect to contribute about 30,000 tons of metal by 2022.
Production and manufacturing parks are more profitable. Through gardening, the company achieves “resource sharing, walling” by simplifying the process and significantly reducing the cost of production of ex-drives while optimizing the management of the goods.
1.1, 10 years of sedimentation, 2 years of flying, 10 years of deep farming, and a leap of re-creation of the Chinese Friends. The company is undergoing a transition from a national cobalt leader to a leader in new energy materials for lithium, and has developed two major cross-cutting developments in the last two decades, on its path to growth.
Ten years of sediments (2002-2017): the resource base is so deep that the country’s cobalt industry has become a leader. Since its establishment in 2002, the company has been mainly engaged in the development of copper and cobalt resources, while the country’s cobalt resources are scarcer than the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
After a field trip to the Democratic Republic of the Congo in 2003, the company completed the acquisition of the mining companies Mikas, Commus and Weso in 2008 through its subsidiary cdm, so that the three mines were included in the bag. After more than a decade of business development, the company’s cobalt capacity expanded to 39,000 tons, making a leap.
The world’s largest producer of cobalt smelting has created a pre-emptive advantage at the end of the resource base, building a solid resource base for companies to follow the industry chain and expand their land. After the company’s successful listing in 2015, investment funds were focused on the development of the Pe527 copper and cobalt mining rights area, and two years later, the company became operational on the Pe257 mining project.
With an annual capacity of 10,000 tons of cobalt smelting and 20,000 tons of pre-drives, operations have gradually begun to extend to the area of lithium electric materials and to launch a forward-looking resource recovery operation outside the country.
Since its listing, the company has been focusing on the development of the industry of new energy lithium electric materials, following the transition path of “upward control of capital, lower market, medium capacity”, fully implementing the strategy of “two new triads” and accelerating the transformation from global cobalt leaders to global leaders in the industry of new energy lithium electric materials, while the company has been in the Democratic Republic of the Congo for more than a decade.
The build-up laid the foundation for the next trip to Indonesia to “secondary entrepreneurship.” The extension was accelerated downward: in 2018, at a high rate of growth in the new energy-sourced car market, the company accelerated the layout of the new energy-based lithium-electric material downstream, setting up a joint venture with lig chemistry, posco, and then moving into the triad material field.
In the process, pre-exploitation excavating capacity is accelerating. Upward grab of resources: starting in 2018, in order to make up for the lack of self-sufficiency in nickel resources, the company has actively deployed red-earth nickel resources in Indonesia, working with the Qingshan Group to develop the annual production of the Indonesian Wayan Project (which produces 60,000 tons of red-earth nickel wet smelting) and 450,000 tons of high ice.
In June 2021, the company signed a co-operation agreement with the Indonesian Cobalt Cobalt Cobalt Project to add new energy to the main battleground for the continued advancement of “second entrepreneurship.” Since the second half of 2021, the company has been strongly associated with various companies, such as Science and Technology, the Heating Group, and others, in the field of phosphate lithium.
Together, high nickel head, such as Y2K, is working together in deep cooperation in the areas of upstream resources and trinity. While intensive inter-industry cooperation has further deepened the company’s layout of two routes: lfp and trinity materials, it is also evidence of a side-by-side demonstration that the competitive advantage of integrating lithium electric materials in the company is being highlighted and recognized by the industry in the recent past.
The successful piloting of the Indonesia-China project was a milestone in the development of Indonesia’s nickel resource map, and an important node for the company’s leader in the integration of lithium and electrical materials. Figure 1: The strategic transition from the Chinese-American cobalt industry to the integration of lithium and electrical materials
1.2 Three business blocks construct the operational matrix of lithium electric materials. Three business blocks construct the matrix of lithium electrical materials. The company now forms a space layout of the resource, smelting, and new energy materials, with its headquarters in Kiryu, its resources outside China, its manufacturing base in China, and its markets around the world.
Three business blocks form a more complete business matrix of lithium electric materials. The company’s main products include cobalt copper mining products, trinity materials, nickel mining products, etc.
Cobalt-based copper production, with the expansion of lithium-electric materials. The implementation of lithium-based electricity is a strategic objective of the company, and can also be verified from the production-capability layout. In terms of resources: Cobalt-based copper production is based on sound development, and in the future or at the right time, it will strengthen the cobalt-based resource layout: nickel resources are the core raw material of lithium-triple, and the company has three nickels in Indonesia.
Resources projects: Lithium resources are distributed mainly as equity participation, and projects are promoted in due course, drawing on the expertise and experience of partners. On lithium electric materials: rapid expansion of the three-dollar pre-drive and positive material production capacity through joint ventures, self-construction and acquisitions, in order to meet the high demand for a new energy car market.
We believe that the company is accelerating the construction of the resource to secure the performance of lithium-based materials. The business model, with the accelerated landing of Indonesian projects and lithium-based materials, will show cost advantages, hopefully.
It's the driving force behind the company's rapid growth from cycle to cycle. In terms of product-specific capacity splits: Smelting ends of the business: accelerating the launch of the Indonesian nickel project and the realization of the “second start-up” (cobalt) (1): 39,000 tons of smelting capacity in the country (30,000 tons in the state and 0.9 million tons in the village of Kiryu); abroad.
Ten thousand tons); copper: 111,000 tons of capacity, domestic smelting of 15,000 tons of copper, mostly overseas in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) cdm 66,000 tons and mikas 30,000 tons. (2) Nickel: currently 10,000 tons of smelting capacity, mainly of nickel sulfate, is the product that is produced, accompanied by
In Indonesia, the company currently has three nickel resource projects (2 wet + 1 fire). (a) China Viet project (wet ): 60,000 tons of nickel hydroxide per year, which has been successfully tested; and (b) high-ice nickel.
(c) Hua Fei is the second Indonesian wet-law project to plan products with an annual capacity of 120,000 tons of nickel and 15,000 tons of cobalt.
According to the construction cycle of the existing project, the project is expected to be completed in the first half of 2023. Lithium power supply end: the three-dollar lithium technology route is moving in tandem, with a target of at least 300,000 tons of annual capacity and 500,000 tons of tri-dollar material.
(1) Pre-triple drive: The company ' s pre-triple drive is based on joint ventures + self-construction and has built tons of built-up assets (Hawkin 40,000 tons + Waapou 0.5 million tons). In addition, in 2020, 50,000 tons of material was produced: the company ' s positive materials were based on joint ventures and owned built-up assets.
45,000 tonnes (40000 tonnes + 0.5000 tonnes in Puhua, with a total annual capacity of 70,000 tonnes). According to company announcements, BAM technology acquired by companies has an annual positive material capacity of 5.65 million tonnes (135,000 tonnes of cobalt acid + 43,000 tonnes) and is expected to produce by the end of 2021.
Expanding to 780,000 tons. In November, the company worked with high nickel head companies, such as Yon-chul and Dian-Technology, to work in depth on pre-trillion drivers and upstream lithium power sources, with a total procurement volume of 715,000-765,000 tons of pre-public drivers projected for 2022-2025.
(3) Lithium phosphate: The company works actively with phosphorus industry chain head companies to extend the route of the lithium technology so as to improve the layout of the lithium electric material industry and consolidate the positive material head advantage. Among these, the company plans to build 500,000 tonnes/year of iron phosphate and 500,000 tonnes/year of lithium phosphate in partnership with the Heating Group.
Projects such as the acquisition of sturgeon technology for the expansion of lithium phosphate operations. 1.3. Performance is being reduced by product cyclicality, with record-highing performance. Past performance is more volatile by product price cyclicality, with 2021q3 seasons showing record performance over the same period.
High. The pick-up end has grown steadily in recent years as the company’s cobalt-copper business continues to be released, but has been subject to periodic fluctuations in metal prices, such as cobalt-copper, which have affected profits more. But since 2021, the prices of metals, such as cobalt-copper, have benefited from the maintenance of high levels and increased production, and the copper-cobalt business has remained the dominant force in the company’s performance growth.
With demand driven by the combined impact of triple material production on BAM, the lithium electricity industry is accelerating to become a new growth pole in its performance. In the first three quarters of 2021, net profits from corporate collections and repatriations were 22.796 billion yuan and 23.69 billion yuan, respectively, in figure 3: the company ' s revenues increased significantly in the first three quarters of 2021
Figure 5: Cobalt historical prices are highly volatile, maintaining high levels for a single quarter of 2021q3, and cobalt copper operations are the main driving force behind the company’s past performance growth. Cobalt copper operations are the backbone of the company and continue to be a growing green tree along the path of corporate business expansion. Companies have benefited from an upturn in cobalt prices in the early days of their listing. Cobalt
As the company ' s strategy for integration of lithium electric materials has advanced in recent years and new projects have been put into production, the structure of the company ' s operations has become more diversified. It is worth noting that, due to the cyclical nature of metal varieties, the company ' s performance has been influenced by weekly fluctuations in product prices, which have fluctuated significantly over the past few years, resulting in higher levels of cobalt prices, which have contributed to corporate income and Maori.
But, benefiting from a steady expansion in copper production, the performance of copper products has increased steadily in recent years, with the contribution of the Māori Gonn rising by about 40% over the past two years, while the ratio of cobalt products has fallen to about 30%. Lithium electricity is fast becoming a new growth pole in performance contributions.
The transition to the lithium electric material industrial chain has been upgraded, with the rapid growth of pre-K3 drive products and a rapid upturn in performance in recent years. The production of ex-H221 pre-D4 products has been the best in history, with production volumes of 30982 tons and 29180 per cent (2021h1), respectively, and as the production capacity continues to expand with the continued upswing of downstream demand, the operations of lithium electric materials have continued to grow.
The growth is on the rise, and the Māori share is expected to rise, opening up new opportunities for growth in corporate performance. The profitability of copper products is high, and the integrated layout of the industrial chain is expected to weaken the volatility of profit cycles.
The Māori rate is similar, with copper products rising in volume in recent years, contributing to a sustained increase in profitability, with a 51.7% Māori rate of 2021h1 and a 51.7% Māori ratio, which is expected to cross the cobalt price cycle as the three-dimensional material output expands and the industrial chain is integrated in the future.
The Division’s exposure to price volatility is also expected to increase. The company’s Māori ratio, parent net interest rate, and source securities in the first three quarters of 2021, figure 8: corporate profitability has accelerated since the bottom of cobalt prices in 2019.
Figure 9: A sustained increase in the Māori rate of copper products, a steady upward trend in the three-dollar pre-drilling profit, the imperative and ambition of full-scale integration of the lithium electric material industry chain, and the new energy revolution's special Express vehicle, the company's commitment to the integration of the lithium electrical material industry chain
We're at the beginning of a new energy revolution, where the new energy automobile sector has become a central strategic track for the world's major players, and the demand for lithium battery materials is growing in a “well blow-out” fashion, taking advantage of the new energy age's “special fast train” playhouse, which is expected to breed a world class of businesses around the new energy automobile industry chain, and so on.
The imperative of the strategic transition is that companies are in a difficult macroeconomic environment at the time of their listing, with cobalt price fluctuations and resource endowments affecting the company’s ability to stabilize and grow. At the time of the emergence of a new energy car, the company moved into a new energy lithium electric power-editorship based on the company’s position as a leader in the cobalt industry.
And the domain is “necessary.” The ambition of strategic transformation: in the early years of the company's growth, the company realized that “it can't control the source, it can't control the end.” And we stand at this point in the future and that the technological dividends of the links will be weakened as the industry matures, that the search for efficiency gains will end in the end, and that controlling the supply of upstream resources will become a necessity.
After five years of successful graduation from the “Three Ones” transition, during the beginning of the “14th Five-Year” exercise, the company's full effort to build a personalized picture of the lithium electricity industry chain highlighted the strategy of “ambientness”.
Figure 10: Strategic layout for the integration of the lithium electric material industrial chain, transitioning from cobalt to an upgraded path to lithium electric material leaders
Huayoubusinscope Summing up: 10 years of saturation and a second surge in the company's “up-and-down” resources.
The strategic approach of improving markets, capacity-building in China is well advanced, and is currently at a turning point in accelerating the transition to a new energy package for lithium electricity. Advanced advances have been made in Indonesia’s nickel resources to provide a good start to the integration of the entire industrial chain.
It will be the core growth pole for the company’s future rapid growth. We will then give a detailed description of the whole industry chain layout of the company and an analysis of its strategic update.
2.1. Cobalt copper: the foundation for development, the starting point for the company’s operations, the feeder point for the expansion of mineral resources, provides a strong guarantee for the supply of raw materials made from domestic smelting.
Half a wall. The company, which is working in the Democratic Republic of the Congo for more than ten years, has now developed its own mines, supported by a business model of local mining and mining company procurement, a system of resource protection from harvesting, selecting and smelting, while providing a stable and reliable supply of low-cost raw materials for the company ' s domestic refining chain.
A solid foundation has been laid for the future deployment of other mineral resources. Of these, mine ownership is concentrated in the hands of subsidiaries such as Misas and cdm. Cobalt copper reserves contain 7.04 and 8.39 million tons of metal, respectively, with an annual capacity of 2.140,000 tons of cobalt and 96,000 tons of electrical copper.
Figure 11: Cobalt resources rooted in the Democratic Republic of the Congo for more than a decade, with an annual smelting capacity of 96,000 tons of copper and 21,400 tons of cobalt, respectively
Currently, Mikas has an annual capacity of 7,000 tons of cobalt and 30,000 tons of copper, and the main products produced are mainly cobalt hydroxide and copper produced by hydrometallurgical smelting. (2) cdm: the wholly-owned subsidiary cdm has a cobalt reserve of 5.41 million tons of metals and a copper reserve of 36.37 million tons.
Metal volume, which currently has an annual capacity of 144,000 tons of rough hydroxide and 66,000 tons of electrical copper. In 2016, the company launched a project for the acquisition and development of the cdm pe 527 copper cobalt mine, which includes two copper cobalt deposits in Rus Susie and Rukuni, as well as surface deposits of minerals, mainly copper and cobalt concentrates and anti-smelting liquids (containing copper and cobalt concentrates).
In 2018, the company launched a 30,000-ton electric copper project and completed its production in 219-h1, with an increase in the annual production of copper to 66,000 tons, while the other products were sold to the smelting plant of cdm.
The increase in cobalt production is due to technological changes in the cdm wet smelting production line. 2.2, Lithium Nickel: the layout of energy metal resources with coded energy, the opening of a “second-starter” main position, and the strategic security of nickel resources in line with the trend of new energy cars. Since 2018, there has been a consensus.
New energy cars are moving into the "fast lanes," and the three-dollar power cell has become the main engine of the new car. In a three-dollar trend of nickel nickel is increasing in power cells, with nickel sulphate accounting for 31-66% of the three-dollar pre-drives of different models, especially in high nickel ncm 811. The cost of new energy vehicles is up to 60%.
The demand for nickel resources is expected to grow “well blow-out,” but there is a consensus within the industry to guarantee strategic safety of nickel resources, given the declining supply of high-quality nickel resources in the future, and the high concentration of resources abroad. The company’s forward-looking deployment of the Indonesian red-earth nickel mine will fill the energy-metal resource short-line.
With the wealth of operational experience and a clear strategic development focus embedded in cobalt copper resources, attempts are being made to open up the main “second-in-kind” battleground, with the new energy lithium electric material industry as the central focus of development, contributing to the company's “second-growth curve”. To this end, the company is actively adding to the business of cobalt copper products and lithium electric materials in Indonesia.
The nickel resource project has been laid out and the mining of the overseas lithium resources has accelerated the refinement of the lithium power upstream resource map, and has continued to strengthen controls over the triad of solid raw materials. On a time line, it is taking place in the context of Indonesia’s tightening export of nickel-origin stones, and in June of June of this year (Indonesia’s Chinese flight project), three times the coded Indonesian nickel resource layout, involving an annual capacity of 225,000 tons of metal.
During this period, the company also held shares in the company avaz and Hanaq for lithium resources.
From the point of view of the strategic transformation of One, in October 2018, China-China, China-China, China-China, China-China, China-China, China-China, China-China and other joint ventures, Mip, Longsincere and others, established China-China companies to implement the 60,000 tons of nickel-based nickel-metals project, with a total investment of $1.28 billion, of which China-China has an interest in the project.
The original equity structure of the project was 58% of the company, 20% of the organization, 11% of the company's shareholding, 10% of the metal, and 1% of the longsincere.
The latter acquires 100% of the shares in the Volcanic stock through the Hong Kong fully-owned cmoc and 10% of the shares in the Mip, while increasing the equity share to 30%.
/longsince, 57 per cent.30 per cent/10 per cent per 1 per cent, respectively. Project planning: 60,000 tons of nickel metal per year + 0.78 million tons of cobalt metal per year (morowali Industrial Park, Indonesia), two phases of construction planning, one to 30,000 tons of metal per year, and two to 6 per year
Probability of production: The most advanced international third-generation high-pressure acid leaching process, with low-cost, green and environmentally sound raw material security: Creative International, iimp, etc., has nickel resources and China buys them at market prices;
Within 10 years of the project ' s implementation, SRI and Mip, through their affiliated Indonesian Mining Corporation, are required to provide priority to the supply of red-earth nickel in China, with a nickel metal content of more than 1.0 per cent and a guaranteed supply of no less than 60,000 tons of nickel annually.
Subscribe model: 68 per cent Chinese, 32 per cent Voluntary Holdings, and the sale of all of China's products by two chartered companies. Figure 13: The Wagaya (Indonesia) project was successfully tested at the beginning of December 2021, with production capacity in place, if the integrated mining business model developed by the company for more than a decade in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in Africa is a friend of China
In the main battleground, the distribution of Indonesia’s red-earth nickel project is based on a second-time entrepreneurial move to take off, and on the basis that China’s project is the company’s first battle to move forward with the second entrepreneurship strategy, taking root in Indonesia, and taking a crucial step towards the integration of the lithium-materials industry chain from the resource-melting-materials.
After the announcement by the Indonesian government on 1 January 2020 of a ban on the export of all grade nickel, the scarcity of nickel resources became even more acute, as the company continued to consolidate its strategic orientation of “Zegen Indonesia, run Indonesia” through a second build-up of Indonesian nickel resources in October 2020, and continued to refine the map of Chinese friends' nickel resources in Indonesia.
The announcement indicates that the installation of the equipment was completed at the Chinese border project line, and that the first batch of products was successfully produced after a test run in recent days. The company tested that the main performance indicators of the product were met. Indonesia’s high-ice nickel project (2020, fire method): a second-coded nickel resource layout.
In October 2020, the company issued a program of targeted increases for nickel resources and pre-drive projects. Of these, the $45,000 annual nickel-rich nickel-metal-rich project, with an investment of $3 billion, was built at the iwip industrial park in Indonesia, which is one of the world’s richest areas in the world’s red-earth nickel-mining resources.
The cooperative Qingshan Group, which has been working for many years in the field of nickel resources in Indonesia, has extensive project experience. As a priority industrial park in Indonesia, the park has a better model of industrial concentration and integration of minerals, while the company, after buying 40% of the Indonesian Wiston shares in August 2019, is indirectly involved in the power generation project for Indonesia's Lat Dabé energy sources.
In March 2021, the 6-250-mw thermal power project in Dalbe, Indonesia, began to be suspended from the 6-# first root pillar of the Huaco nickel industry, marking the start of the installation phase of the plant boiler steel structure.
Equity structure: Establishment of the Huaco Nickel Industry (Indonesia) Corporation. 70% of the company's shareholdings, Siaosan Group flag, project planning: treatment of 1.8443 million tonnes/year (wet base) of nickel from the red earth, 1.85% nickel content, high output of 5.77 million tonnes/year of ice nickel and 450,000 tonnes of nickel-containing metals.
Construction of 4 dry kilns, 4 boiling kilns, 4 mining heat furnaces, 4 p-s switching furnaces and ancillary facilities to build 250mw coal-fired power plants.
The Indonesian Huafeng Project (2021, Wet Law): “The cap trick” of the resource layout to strengthen the supply of Indonesian nickel. At the end of May 2021, the company set up the Hua Woo Corporation through other joint ventures such as the All-China Sun Company, China's Friends International Cobalt Industry and Young-sweet, Glaucous, Billion Asians, and Lindo, to implement the Huhua Nico Redsweet Smelting Project in Indonesia.
Building on its previous development experience in China, and building local channels, the company expects that the construction cycle of the Indonesian Chinese flight project will be faster than the Chinese project, further locking in the “control” of future nickel resources, and competing for the cost advantage of war-neutral raw materials for future high nickel dollars.
(a) Equity structure: 20 per cent, Yong-seo, 31 per cent, glaucous 30 per cent, 100 per cent and Asia 17 per cent of latitudes: within three working days of the authorized capital of Yong-seo, Glaucous and China-Friends International Cobalt industry under the terms of the agreement, hundreds of millions of latitudes in Asia provided a one-time amount of $214.2 million to the joint venture;
The loan period is seven years, with an annual interest rate of 5%, and the shareholders of the joint venture, with the exception of the billion latitudes in Asia, are expected to pledge their shares in the joint venture to the billion latitudes in Asia.
Figure 15: Medium- and long-term strategy of Indonesia's “Second Enterprise” — an annual production of 120,000 tons of nickel and 15,000 tons of cobalt metallic — participation in the lithium resources of the avz and Hanao layouts, long-term consideration of the lithium resource layout. In August 2017, the company, through the full-owned subsidiary, HSM (Hong Kong), acquired an additional equity stake of 186 million shares in the avz International Mining (Hong Kong) stock, was publicly owned.
In January 2018, the company acquired 70% of the shares of the Argentine company Hanari to co-develop the Argentin Salt Lake project.
vz: avz, who originally owned 60% of the manono project and subsequently acquired 15% of its holdings from the Dasomir mining resources, now holds 75% of the shares in the manono project and 25% in the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, while the company is currently the second largest shareholder in the avz and holds avz 7.55% of the shares.
The manono project, located in the south of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and occupying 188 square kilometres of land, is a mine of open-air ore, hard rock ore, with an estimated storage of 400 million tons, 1.65 per cent, and 93 million tons of lily2o (lithium lithite) resources (explored + possible), is expected to produce 46,000 tons of lithium sulphate primary, with the surrounding power system relying mainly on local diesel generators and solar power generation systems.
Figure 18: The Manono project is expected to start producing 2023q1 kilometres of lithium magnified crystal rock, while avz had conducted the initial phase of due diligence drilling in 2017, including seven diamond boreholes (1,739 metres in length) containing four large magnificent crystals, all of which contain lithium quartz.
The excellent findings of the timpete and carrieredel'este mines confirm the contours of the lithium resources of the manono project: the company's schematic nickel resources by 2018 perfected the upstream resource map of the lithium electric materials, and the breakthrough of the recent Huaiyan project gave new impetus to the resource end, from zero to one, and also to the integration of the company.
As Indonesia’s nickel resource project follows up on production, the progress of the nickel resource project will be a core concern that has not yet reached the end-of-the-source business. The middle-stream smelting chain is at the heart of manufacturing capacity in an integrated strategy.
Two major bases carry the smelting pillar, which is at the heart of the company’s integrated manufacturing capacity. The company’s colour-plate operations, which carry the function of medium-smelting, are at the heart of the company’s integrated manufacturing capacity for new energy lithium electric materials, playing an important role in securing the raw materials from the resources, ensuring a steady supply of new energy materials.
The plant's two main bases, as pillars of the smelting chain, are responsible mainly for the deep processing of raw materials required for downstream pre-drivers and positive materials, and the product packages cover products such as cobalt trioxide, cobalt sulphate, nickel sulphate, etc. The company's currently smelting capacity: Figure 19: HWAYA is one of the company's important smelting manufacturing bases and is responsible for the deep processing of raw materials required downstream.
Electricity, water production, compressed air, low pressure, high pressure steam, oxygen (from public support centres) Platinum input
Aluminium alloy workshop Crude chromium hydroxide
Leaching workshop, copper extraction, oxygen pressure workshop.
Copper, sewage, sulphuric acid, manganese workshop.
Manganese sulfate Cobalt fluid sulfate extraction workshop
Cobalt chloride workshop  Cobalt chloride workshop 2 Sewage workshop
Magnesium oxide workshop. Magnesium oxide workshop. Cobalt sulphuric acid workshop.
Iron phosphate workshop, nickel sulfate workshop, lithium carbonate workshop
Cobalt trioxide Cobalt trioxide Lithium carbonate
Cobalt products: the largest producer of cobalt products in the country. With respect to cobalt products, the company is one of the largest suppliers of cobalt products in the country and is the world's leading producer, mainly from the factory in Kiyosu and two production bases in Huatsu County, with a total capacity of 39,000 tons/year (metal volume).
A total of 9,000 tonnes/year, which has remained stable in recent years. HWAYA is the more important production base for the company ' s cobalt products, which in recent years have been the source of expansion in smelting capacity, and which has been expanded from 18,000 tonnes/year in 2019 to 30,000 tonnes/year in 2019 (metal volume). With the continued release of pre-downstream production capacity, future cobalt production will continue.
Production capacity is expected to be further upgraded to match downstream demand. Copper products: The main production force is in Africa, growing steadily and steadily.
Zhang, with a well-developed model for the integration of minerals and a rich cobalt-cobalt mineral resource, currently has an electric copper production capacity of 111,000 tonnes/year. Of this, cdm originally had an electric copper production capacity of 36,000 tonnes/year, and in 2019 Pe527, Rkuni, the mine produced an electric copper project of 30,000 tonnes per year and expanded its production capacity to 66,000 tonnes/year: mikas ' electric copper production capacity
With the completion of the third phase of the wet-law plant extension project, 30,000 tons of current capacity are available. In the country, the factory of the village headquarters has 15,000 tons of annual capacity in electric copper, nickel sulfate: the core of the smelting capacity expansion, accelerating the completion of the downstream production panel. The company currently owns nickel.
Smelting capacity of 10,000 tonnes/year, with the rapid growth of the new energy car market, the three-dollar high nickel material has become a three-dollar power, battery power, and nickel sulphate is one of the important raw materials of the three-dollar drive, at a cost of over 60% in the ncm 811 model. In response to the trend of high nickelization of the three-dollar material, the company has been able to meet the capabilities of the three-dollar drive downstream.
In addition, in June 2021, the company issued a debt transfer plan, in which the Guangxi Bamo integration project plans to build a two-year construction cycle of 50,000 tons of metal-grade high-purity battery-grade nickel, which is expected to be released in 2023. The company has been expanding its co-operative capacity for nickel sulfate for nearly two years, leaving two major co-operative projects in the future.
The annual production capacity of nickel sulphate will reach 90,000 tons of metal and will further enhance the strategic manufacturing capacity for integration, upgrading the synthesizing capacity: it is at the heart of the integrated manufacturing capacity of the company ' s lithium electric materials and plays an important role in securing the supply of raw materials from the top up, ensuring the stability of the supply of lithium raw materials for new energy sources and the quality of the products.
4. Downstream extension: the core of industrial chain integration, a “cross-the-board” source of growth Building an ambitious blueprint for the integration of the lithium electric material industrial chain and accelerating the deployment of the new energy material industrial chain. The source plate, as a key link in the company’s strategic transition to the lithium electric material industry, is the driver of the company’s “14-5” period
The most important link to growth is the company’s last map of the integration of the upstream and downstream industrial chains. The company is now entering the core industrial chain of the lig chemical, ssk, Ninder, Biadey, etc., global power cell poles, with the growth of the production capacity of the major core clients accelerating, the supply gap of the company’s current pre-removable capacity is large, in order to keep pace with the expansion of its production.
Rationale, seize market opportunities, strengthen the supply chain core by giving priority to downstream and head-carrying customers, strengthen the partnership with a large downstream client base, launch several three-dollar pre-drill and positive material extension projects since 2020, and accelerate the refinement of the layout of the new energy materials industrial chain.
Plan: By 2025, 300,000 tons of pre-thirties, 500,000 tons of trimesters, 1 million tons of pre-thirties, 1 million tons of trimesters and 30,000 tons of cobalt-acid lithium.
4.1. Pre-removement: accelerated expansion, followed by a strong future, leading to an annual production capacity of 300,000 tons per year in the three-dollar period. The pre-removement business started mainly with the company ' s own + joint venture model to expand the pre-removement business with downstream clients posco and lg chemically.
In January 2018, China-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Y
The build-up of pre-trinity excavated capacity increased to 150,000 tonnes/year, the combined assets increased to 130,000 tonnes/year and the raw materials required for self-owned and joint-venture excavated capacity were mainly provided by the company, which would require more than 100,000 tonnes/year of nickel metal, and we expect the company to have 175,000 tonnes per year per year by 2022, with total equity capacity.
4.2. Positive materials: Three dollars + phosphorus, parallel to the last ring of the whole chain of lithium electric materials, buys increased production of barcuda, and in the last municipal collection of positive materials. In the positive materials area, the company has been mainly based on joint ventures, and since 2018 has been active in expanding pre-trio-removement capacity along the path of the joint venture model.
Posco and lg chemistry jointly formed the Peng Xianghuatsu (40% of the company, 60% of the company) and the Music Xiaotao Division (49% of the state's share in Xinhua Xinhua) to further improve the layout of the tri-dollar positive materials business, of which Po Xianghuatsu planned an annual production capacity of 30,000 tons, one of 5,000 tons was certified as products and production lines in 2019;
In order to speed up the improvement of the map in the positive material area, the company began and began its campaign in August of its “last city” bag in 2021. BAM is currently producing 55,000 tons of raw materials per year, which is expected to expand to 80,000 by the end of 2021.
At the same time, in June 2021, the company issued a debt-transferable project, with Guangxi Bamo, a fully-owned subsidiary responsible for producing 50,000 tons of material per year, 3 tons of material for high nickel power cells, and 100,000 tons of material for trio-pre-discharges, with the aim of creating a world-leading industrial base for the integration of nickel-triple nickel-pre-diverse materials for lithium-reciprocal materials.
The benefits of integration are becoming apparent by joining forces with high nickel leaders. At the end of November, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Yon-Yon-chung and Kwang-chung-chung, aimed at deepening the use of tri-chul material, upstream resources, recycling, etc.
In the future, the company will provide partners with a competitive approach to valuing metal raw materials and pre-discharge processing fees, and in 2022-2025 technology will purchase 41.50 million tons of pre-triple drivers and 300,000 to 350,000 tons, respectively, for a total of 71.5 to 765,000 tons.
The material market is expected to reach 56.6%, of which 100% (15%) for technology and 12% for technology promotion (10%) are among the top three. The high nickel market has been dominated by the top of the technology sector, such as Y2K and T2P, with the country’s high nickel market accounting for 55% of the market in January-October 2021 (33%) and Tianzimpamo (23%).
Nickel heads work together not only to reflect the low-cost advantage of bringing resources to positive materials under an integrated corporate strategy, but also to recognize the stability of the company’s supply chain and the quality of its products. As China’s project capacity is released, the low-cost advantage of integration is expected to become apparent.
The company has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Synchronized Technology Development Group to actively cooperate in the field of phosphate lithium. In the near future, the company’s controlling subsidiary, Bamo Technology, plans to buy 100% of its share of intra-Mongolian phosphorus technology to expand its operations in phosphate lithium.
KWAC works in the area of the full-scale operation of lithium electric and polar materials through the layout of the technical route of lithium phosphate and the full-line layout of the triple + phosphorus iron. (1) In cooperation with the Episode Group, it works to build 500,000 tons of iron phosphate and 500,000 tons of lithium phosphate-related production lines, based on the advantages of the phosphorus mineral resources and industrial chains of the Torogen Group. (2): Acquisition of St. Vincent ' s Science and Technology.
The annual production of 75,000 tons of lithium phosphate, with an annual production capacity of 75,000 tons, is now in production in one instalment, 25,000 tons in two instalments are expected to be in production by the end of 2021 and 3 tons in three instalments are expected to be in production by mid-2022.
The business of regenerative resources is the “last kilometre” of a company’s strategy for integrating lithium-based electrical materials into the whole industry, thus building a closed cyclic ecology of lithium-based electrical materials. Although the current recycling market for lithium batteries is still at an early stage, it will be new in the coming years.
Energy motor batteries are concentrated in end-of-life recovery, and recycling markets are expected to grow rapidly. Given the low barriers to entering the used battery recycling industry, the card edge will be an important factor in the future business race, and as the scarcity of upstream resources increases, efficient recycling of used batteries will also be effective in strengthening itself.
In 2017, the company acquired 70% of the tmc share of the Korean lithium battery recycling company, and 100% of Beylen's upgraded life skills in the same year.
As a result of the developments of recent years, the RE business has established partnerships with a number of well-known downstream clients. At present, the state of Hua Yu, a subsidiary of the Ministry of Finance, and the resource regeneration have entered the first and second tranches of the list of companies that meet the requirements of the New Energy Automobile Integrated Use Industry, respectively, and have joined many well-known cars.
Through the development of a division and integration into the regenerative treatment of decommissioned batteries, a strategic model of cooperation in waste-for-material exchange with a number of well-known battery companies has been developed, and recycling of decommissioned batteries has been established with a number of domestic and international whole-of-carrying companies. Since used and end-of-life batteries are more in the hands of the entire garage, companies have taken advantage of the pre-emptive advantage of actively developing and downstream batteries/reclamation.
The company’s cooperative relationship is expected to take advantage of the emerging markets where used batteries are recycled. Spills: The layout of lithium downstream as the core of the company’s industrial chain integration is a source of “cross-cutting” growth after the nickel industry.
It is hoped that the low-cost advantages of integration and the ability to stabilize supply will be fully enjoyed. The company’s recent strong association with high nickel head, such as Yon-Hon-Hung-Hu-Technology, is evidence of the competitive advantage of pre-diversion products from corporate integration and provides a strong guarantee for the long-term sustainability of the company’s lithium power industry.
At the same time, the company is actively cooperating in the expansion of lithium phosphate to achieve full coverage of the Trinity + Phosphate technology. This will lead to further analysis of the low-cost core advantages built by the company’s integration strategy.
5.1. The trend towards positive material decline is 5.1.1, positive material is driving the rapid spread of new energy vehicles. Positive material is a key factor.
In August 2021, the number of vehicles sold broke for the first time, rising to 17.8%, and the cumulative penetration rate in January-August to nearly 11%. In addition to benefiting from the ongoing improvement of the new-energy car industry, the continuous improvement of vehicle quality and driving experience, and rising consumption, prices are also rapidly being explored.
One of the key factors that stimulates the acceleration of new energy cars into thousands of homes. With new power cell technology, the battery system has become the biggest cost of the whole vehicle (43%), and its price has been significantly reduced by nearly 90% over a decade, making it the key to the whole vehicle.
High nickel drives trinity material decline. As the three-dollar high nickel battery continues to spread, consumer concerns about “mile” are reduced not only by high energy density and fast capacity, but also by reducing the amount of “mile” anxiety.
The cost of batteries is reduced by a high-cost cobalt raw material match. The high-end car is now widely represented by a high nickel trio battery of ncm811. Although the current nccm811 price is more expensive than the mainstream ncm523, the combined three nickel trio advantage will gradually be highlighted as the high nickel batteries rise in technological processes and volume scale.
At present, the trinity material is accelerating its penetration from nickel to high nickel levels such as ncm523, 622 etc. The ratio of ncm811 to trinity material rose from 1% (2018.1) to 38% (2021.9).
In the era of high nickel, it is more likely to test cost-control capabilities when the high nickel trio is more important than the cost of raw materials. At present, the industry of the three-dollar orthodox material in the country has a multidirectional pattern, with cr3 at 35%, cr at 52%, and industry competition at 52%.
With the release of high nickel positive/pre-removable material in the industry in or around 2023, we expect high nickel batteries (ncm8 and above/nca/ncma, etc.) to become the dominant model of three-dollar power cells in 2023, when low- and medium-nico products will either be phased out of the historical arena, and high nickel “fields” competition will grow stronger and better.
The cost of raw materials is currently as high as 80%, and the high dependence on raw materials, be it high nickel 9 or quadruple batteries, cannot be avoided until there is a disruptive innovation, which makes it all the more necessary to focus on the power of raw materials to lower their end.
Enterprises need to deploy upstream, especially to achieve control over nickel ore resources, and build an advantage in industrial chain integration. Figure 30: Domestic triads of positive materials are moving in parallel, with future competition or will continue to do so. Figure 31: Even high nickel or positive materials still cost 80% of raw materials
On September 17, 2021, Bloomberg reported that Indonesia would either impose a ban or tax on nickel, limiting its low content.
Whatever the future measures the Indonesian government will take to export nickel, the strategy for the development of nickel resources will be consistent: achieve full chain coverage of the nickel industry and increase the value added of the nickel mineral resources. And today, the strategic security of new energy metals has become a consensus in industry, while seeking raw materials to drop domestic lithium electric materials.
How industry can guarantee a stable supply of core resources is imminent. The chain of operations is now being extended from the battery plant to the resource plant, while the Chinese-American cobalt industry has six deployment strategies, both top-down and top-down, which are at the forefront of the industry, and it is expected to accelerate the construction of a low-reduce core advantage in the future.
5.2. Full-scale access to the lithium electric material industrial chain, building low-cost core advantages 5.2.1. Integration of the industrial chain: resource forward-looking layouts will be effective, leading the three-dollar material expansion campaign “hot fires” and “nitro-fiction wars” are taking place.
In addition to this, the major three-dollar manufacturers are accelerating their expansion to respond to the high-speed downstream demand for high-speed expansions, such as Yon-chul technology, China-Wei, and the planned generation by 2025 of more than 300,000 tons of high-nose trinity material and 500,000 tons of pre-removable capacity.
With increased supply concentration releasing, the market share of the “war” will become more intense, when the tri-dollar material factory in the middle of the country will be “competing” with the battery factory, its counterparts, and profit levels will be constrained by upstream resources and downstream customers. The industry is now accelerating into the era of high nickelization, with the “nitro-nitro” playing out.
At this point in time, the company's strategic deployment has been six-loaded, and has largely completed the entire industry chain of resources, central smelting, materials, and recycling.
As the project in China, Indonesia, has been successfully tested, the company is expected to take the lead in achieving a full-scale chain layout, and the integration of lithium-based positive materials is expected to accelerate the release. Figure 32: Looking at those who enter the chain of lithium-based positive-polar materials industry, HWAYO has already taken the lead in the full-industry chain layout.
In Indonesia, the nickel resource project is now in operation, and the fire-plus-wet approach has complementary advantages and is expected to result in a fire-like approach in 2022. Of this, the 60,000-ton hydroxide nickel-cobalt project is expected to be successfully operational by the end of 2021, and will be gradually completed by the second half of 2022.
The fire is expected to be completed in June 2022, and due to the maturity of the process and the speed of the slopes, it will be better able to compensate for the wet method project. The first half of the year, the Chinese project is expected to accelerate the short slope period, depending on the experience of the mature project team and the full-process project. We expect that, by the first half of 2022, China will have contributed more than 50% of its capacity, with the combined rights.
The company’s Indonesian project has a clear competitive advantage in terms of the pace of production, the size of its capacity, the amount of investment in tons, and similar projects. We have a comparative analysis of the distribution of the entire industrial chain of lithium-electric materials in comparison with listed companies.
In addition to the fact that the Ningbo team project has been in production for almost a month, the Green States nickel project in Indonesia is expected to be operational by early 2022, with clear advantages for the company in terms of the construction cycle and the timing of the launch; the fire project is expected to be operational in September 2020, and the mining fires project in Shantang was launched in September 2020.
On the whole, China's projects are taking the lead, and China's projects are accelerating their replenishment, and it is hoped that the company will take the lead in a “war fight” over nickel resources and rapidly increase its performance.
Ninety thousand tonnes/year of metal. In comparison with other counterparts, the total capacity of Green America is about 50,000 tonnes/year of metal, and the total capacity of the corresponding interest is about 36,000 tonnes/year; the total capacity of the Chinese share is 30,000 tonnes/year, and the total yield of the corresponding interest is 21 million tonnes/year; and the total capacity of the associated mine is also 34,000 tonnes/year.
Against the background of the trend toward tighter control of nickel resources by the Indonesian government, the nickel resource investment track is expected to become more crowded, with a strong corporate resource card position, a significant yield and capacity that is expected to effectively secure raw materials while producing on a scale.
Tons of investment: by collating the total investment in the world ' s major nickel projects in the red-earth, we can roughly estimate the average ton investment in the industry at around $460 million per ton, while the cost of investment in the China-Viet Nam project is $210 million per ton, and the cost of investment in the Chinese-flying project is as low as $170 million per ton, well below industry.
We believe that the company’s investment cost in Indonesia leads the industry by two major factors: on the one hand, the use of industrial support facilities already available in local parks; and, on the other hand, the use of mature processes and extensive operating experience from previous smelting wood projects.
The project, the difference in the average ton of investment in the industry, took the lead in determining the low-cost advantage of the raw materials and was expected to contribute to a higher level of profit from pre-drilling operations.
In recent years, the scale of drive-through production has expanded in an orderly manner, with a Māori rate of 2021h1 operating at 19.7% and a profit level at the top of the industry. We expect that the total cost of nickel intermediates produced by the Huaiwak project will be 15-20% lower than in the industry (including offsetting the cobalt gains), and that the company will take the lead in laying the raw cost advantage of the three-dollar material in the future, using Indonesia's “gammons” as the starting point.
In our view, the integration of industrial parks will take full advantage of the industrial clustering effect and of corporate production.
While the integrated layout of the industrial chain guarantees a stable supply of raw materials and low-cost advantages for lithium electric materials, industrial parkization will maximize the industrial clustering effect, unleashing the potential for resource-sharing, scale production, synergetic reduction, etc., to establish a “product-leading, cost-leading” basis for the downstream lithium operation, thus creating competitive advantages in corporate production.
Over the years, a cluster of industries has been set up in the park for recycling from smelting-pre-dismantling-making, with a full range of facilities. This is reflected in three aspects: process simplification, cost reduction: park integration for “resource sharing, wall supply”, e.g., sulphur.
Raw materials, such as acids, may be transported without crystallization and repackaging to the production of pre-drilled materials, and directly through pipelines to the next stage, thus significantly reducing the cost of producing raw materials, such as sulphate.
The chain can be controlled uniformly, and the superimposed material can be supplied from the inside, contributing to greater consistency and stability of the pre-drilled product and meeting the high quality requirements of the product for large clients. (3) Improving production efficiency: increasing the production of resources in and around the park through the intensification of the land used for production in the park.
An output rate that reduces the operating costs of the company and also promotes “green production.” Figure 36: The integration of production in the park will effectively serve as a clustering effect, creating an advantage in manufacturing production, providing a full-scale chain of production of lithium electric materials, integrating + gardening with low-cost core advantages.
The trend is clear that “nicking nickel” is either a competition or inevitable, and companies rely on the integration of the industrial chain and the production of manufacturing parks to develop the whole chain of lithium electric materials. By building upstream resource power (especially nickel), companies create a cost advantage for raw materials; and park-based production not only reduces the cost of manufacturing but also guarantees the quality of the product and establishes the production system.
To create an advantage and achieve a "product lead, cost lead." 6. Profit predictions and investment proposals 10,000 yuan per ton. In the first half of 2021, there was a strong demand in the positive material market, with about 26 million tons of goods delivered during the Tsimbamor period.
At the end of the year, 25,000 tons of high nickel production capacity and the subsequent expansion of high nickel positive and extreme capacity, respectively, sales are expected to be successfully completed in the second half of 2022 for the French project in 2021-2023, with optimism due to the maturity of the fire process and the speed of the climb.
The Chinese-American cobalt industry is committed to the transformation and upgrading of lithium electric materials to cover not only mineral resources such as cobalt, copper, nickel, and the corresponding smelting capacity, but also to the layout of the positive material field downstream, and we have selected Greenmill, Shenton Mining, China Weiwei, and Ying-Hu-Tian as comparable companies for valuation purposes.
Given that the company is expected to take the lead in achieving an integrated whole industry layout of lithium electric materials, the competitive advantage of downstream lithium electric materials will be strengthened, and the profit margin will be expected to increase the risk of price volatility in products, increased competition in the positive materials market, and new projects less than expected.