The company published its annual 2017 report of operating revenues of $19,982 million, an increase of 18.82 per cent over the previous year, and net profits attributable to shareholders in the parent company of $1,443 million, an increase of 5.16 per cent over the same period.
Allocating the total equity value of the stock registration days designated for the implementation of the bulletin is based on the discovery of a gold dividend of $1.1 (including taxes) per 10 shares to all shareholders.
Construction projects, automation upgrade of trans-shipment hubs and aviation energy upgrading projects. Short-term adverse factors improved, resulting in a single-season recovery of revenue. 5.64 billion items completed by companies in 2017, an increase of 17.04 per cent compared to the same year, with an increase of less than the national express delivery.
The short-term negative impact on the company’s operations was caused by the restructuring of individual networks at the beginning of 2017. The company was adjusted in a timely manner, and business growth was gradually rising. On a quarterly basis, 2017 billed income costs were restructured, and Māori fell.
In terms of express ticket revenue, there has been an increase in bills of lading and dispatch fees, but as a result of a certain downward adjustment in the company’s rates of transit fees, the cost of single ticket transfers ($1.41) fell by 9.95 per cent over the same period, resulting in a 1.87 per cent decrease in single ticket income ($3.68). The cost of single fare ($3.29) has increased slightly.
0.5% of this, due to increased volume of business and higher labour costs, the cost of the highest distribution services ($1.37) increased by 5.04% over the same period. Income and cost changes in both directions, M$0.39 per single ticket, Round Express: q2
The acquisition started in November 2017 with an international build-up and a new high in international operations, and the pace of growth picked up slightly less than expected.
As freight forwarders for air and sea transport, thereby providing the company with $669 million in freight forwarding revenue for the year as a whole, the annual international report shows a total revenue of HK$ 3,671 million (US$ 3,094 million) in 2017, an increase of 28,85 per cent, resulting in a net profit of HK$ 82 million, a significant increase of 18,62,98 per cent.
(ii) Wages and wages are reduced: 3) e-commerce operations are sold. Cross-border purses are companies that invested in business development in 2017, are subject to the growth of cross-border e-commerce and work with rookies In-depth, cross-border purses earn HK$93 million, an increase of 211.0%.
After that, international freight forwarders will be helped to further expand international freight forwarders and leverage global cross-border power suppliers, and the demand for international couriers and parcels will grow considerably. The proposed $3.65 billion in convertable corporate debt will strengthen core hub node control.
The company plans to release $3.65 billion in debt-transferable funds that will be invested in multi-purpose trans-shipment and warehouse integration construction projects, transit hub automation upgrade projects, and aviation capacity upgrading projects. Following the implementation of the project, the company will further strengthen core hub node control, enhance the stability of the express delivery network and achieve hub transformation.
The Centre's automation has been upgraded to improve its operating efficiency and quality of service. The volume of express service has declined, the unit price has fallen, the number of points of membership has been adjusted, and the fund-raising project has not been built as fast as possible. Wang Fenghua: Master's degree at the Chinese People's University and currently President of the Associated Securities Institute.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.