The Sino-Thai Portfolio (600918.sh) Reported Reason: Periodic Report
21q3 financing, brokerage performance, attention to progress in North Passage business 29 October 2021, first three quarters of 2021, companies achieved business income of $9.03 billion, compared with 19.58 per cent; and repatriation
During the last three quarters, operations grew with the exception of net revenue from interest. Revenue from managed operations increased by up to 40 per cent for brokering operations and 21 per cent, 17 per cent, 13 per cent and 5 per cent for self-employment, interest, investment and net revenue.
In the third quarter, there was a significant increase in the equity and wealth management business ring. (1) Asset management net revenue market data: 29 October 2021, the company ' s license plate layout was relatively well developed, and the subsidiary ' s central Thai banker held a public fund-raising license and was also linked to it.
According to Wind, at the end of the third quarter, the size of the Central Thai Fund for Non-Commodity Funds was 16.66 billion yuan, and the size of the non-monetary funds was 13.667 billion yuan.
By the end of the third quarter, the clients had deposited $38,278 million to focus on the company’s new three-board advantages. By the end of the third quarter, the company had accumulated a recommendation for a new three-board listing business \triangleright
Five hundred and fifty-six businesses, ranked third: continued supervision of 272 new three-board listings, ranked fifth: cumulatively, completed 486 targeted issuances of new three-board stocks, ranked third. Companies have a large stock of new three-board projects and are concerned about the growth potential of their investments.
28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City City, and 28th South China China, Pb, 1.78th, 1.67th and 1.47th West Side Street, Beijing City, respectively, are given an “enhanced” rating.
7th floor of the intercentre, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd., has experienced a significant decline in the secondary market; there are large risk events for companies; and capital market reforms have fallen short of expectations.
Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. provides this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I will not be compensated, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report. I promise not to use my identity, status or practice.
The information available is self-serving for himself or another person.