A steady improvement in the quality of business and a smooth progress in the central enabling business of the company (002230.sz) incident: on 22 April, the company issued its annual performance report for 2024 and its performance report for the first quarter of 2025.
The company achieved business income of $23,343 million throughout the year, an increase of 18.79 per cent over the same year, a return to double-digit growth in two years after the harvest, and a steady improvement in the quality of its operations.
Refund work mechanism, 24 years of operating net cash flows to record highs: 24 years of operating activity. Good business: 4024 won $8,494 million in a single quarter, an increase of 20.72 per cent over the same period; 9004 million net profit returns, an increase of 62 per cent over the same period; 3,316 million net cash flows from operating activities.
The same-year growth rate of 118 per cent; the 1q25 company generated 4,658 million yuan, an increase of 27.74 per cent, the same-year increase of 27.74 per cent, the parent net profit of $193 million, a decrease of $107 million, the sales return of $4,995 million, a further restructuring of the business, and the i-enabling core of business progressing well.
(a) Catalysing work; resulting in a better cash flow of the gbc business architecture and an increase in the timeliness of the g end-of-course payments through preferred client and government-specific debt, with better progress in core operations: 1) Smart education: $7,229 million, an increase of 29.94 per cent over the previous three years, with a C end-of-school machine running for three years;
The top sales of the United Nations high-end learning machines are the top sales, b-side smart blackboards, smart classrooms, big data-precision teaching, extensive application, smart approval machines that reduce teachers' loads, g-end integrated solutions for "learning for materiality" that continue to be set at a relatively deep 300-degree level.
ii) Smart medicine: 692 million yuan, an increase of 28.18 per cent in the same year, over 70,000 primary health care institutions had been covered by mental health assistants by the end of the 24th year, 20 million downloads by Xiaoqing doctors, and over 140,000 smart hardware hearing aids had been sold cumulatively;
3) Smart car: 989 million yuan, an increase of 42.16 per cent from the previous year, new and intelligent pre-loaded products, more than 9 million packages, more innovative and cumulatively more than 63 million units; Focus over 802 million team of developers, developing more than 2.94 million production-level ai applications, adding a new one.
The sender team exceeded 2.24 million and the large model api daily calls increased by more than 763 per cent on the same day; hardware products such as smart office books, translators, audio pens and so forth performed well in the electric market, and the gmv grew by more than five times.) Corporate solutions and smart cities: $643 million, with 122,56 per cent, were raised on the same date.
China Oil, China Sea Oil, National Energy, Huayun, Green Development, Handover, Human Security, etc.
In May of that year, the satellite fire model was officially released and continuously upgraded, ranking in the first echelon of the model in China, which has now been updated to the version of v4.0turbo; in October 2023, on the base of the national production capacity, the science bulge flew together to launch the first large model supporting the trillion-dollar parameter.
In January 2024, the hundreds of billions of parameter models based on the "Flying Star One" nationwide production platform were launched. We believe that as the Chinese team and pillar of the artificial intelligence industry, technology innovation, industrial empowerment, and ecology are being developed.
The investment proposal is that the company is the country’s leading smart voice and artificial intelligence enterprise, running a continuous upgrading in quality, and that the lines of operations are well under way for 24 years, as a national production numeracy team, building autonomous numeracy.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities do not need to be treated as a customer by the recipient for receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment in order to ensure quality of service, control investment risks, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy Securities Agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.