Starfire model continues to be upgraded, the commercialization of ai accelerates landings Events: Science Chase released its annual report for 2024, and the company collected $23,343 million in 2024.
Realization of net non-profit gain of $656 million, an increase of 48.38 per cent over the same period. At 2025q1, the company achieved income of $4.75 billion, an increase of 27.74 per cent over the same year; net profit return of $193 million, a growth rate of $193 million over the same period; core business continued to grow faster, with multiple factors affecting short-term profits. At the end of revenue: 2024, public
\triangleright's core business has been growing faster. Of this, smart education has generated $7,229 million, compared to $1 billion, an increase of 25.07%, and smart cars and business-ai solutions have grown.
Investment returns on financial assets, such as discipline, decreased by $112 million from 2023, and gains and losses on fair value changes, mainly as a result of the company ' s optimized repayment work mechanism, the company ' s sales return of 229.09 in 2024, the deeper integration of the ai with the main business, and the commercialization of the ai landing system.
Industry applications (intellectual education, smart medicine, smart cars, business-ai solutions, smart cities, etc.), i Open platform and i consumer products are three main local systems of commercialization. As the scale of applications continues to expand, the data-driven “model algorithms - product value - business growth”
Commercial flying wheel effects are emerging. 1) Smart education: Science education products have been applied in 32 provincial administrations across the country, as well as overseas markets such as Japan and Singapore: companies have introduced a new upgrade of the ai learning machine t30ultra, which includes ai1 to 1 question tutoring function. 2) Wise medicine
Medical treatment: The company has introduced the ai clinic assistant product group and the i health assistant product group, of which the mental health assistant has reached more than 70,000 primary health-care institutions in more than 30 provinces and municipalities across the country
Applying, cumulatively, about 910 million coi consultations. 3) Smart cars: products are upgraded in smart seats, cindsecuritiesco., ltd module, smart interaction, smart sound, smart driving, etc. 4) Enterprise solutions
In Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
In addition, according to the company ' s annual report, in 2024, the number of hits and the amount of the winning bid for the Science Major Flight Model was the number one, covering access to the Internet.
On April 20, 2025, the deep reasoning model was significantly upgraded to match the model's parameters with the industry model.
In a small order of magnitude, generic tasks such as reasoning, text generation, language understanding, etc. The current effect on the punaio1 and deepseekr1 became the first industry model for a universal long-thinking chain of depth based on a national production power platform.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: companies are leading domestic AI firms, adhering to the ownership and control of core technologies; at the same time, the Great Star Fire model continues to be upgraded to deepen the ai-business integration risk factors: one large model applications fall short of expectations; commercialization drives do not go as fast as expected; row
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.