On 17st of 2024, a high-yield defense and a high-resilient attack was created, with natural advantages, to the resource acquisition of high-quality power coal taps on the back of a coal-coal group, which will expand its capacity in the future.
In addition, the company has increased the capacity of seven mines, including the Red Willows and the Lemon Towers, by adding 12 million tons of capacity (the small estates and the Mon village mines) and the Trench Rabbit 1 (the design capacity of 8 million tons) to the west in 2022.
The group also has a coal resource reserve of 11,687 million tons, with a capacity of 9,703 million tons and an authorized capacity of 44 million tons. Based on the “Common undertaking to avoid competition”, corporate coal assets are expected to gradually be injected into the public sector, with future expansion of the company’s capacity.
In addition, the company’s simple and large geological structure, combined with the intelligentization of the mine, makes the cost of mining low. In 22 years, the cost of home-grown coal units was $238 per ton, the third lowest in the industry, with high premiums increasing the company’s profitability at low cost.
Coal sales have increased, and profits have been stabilized to enhance risk resistance. The Coal Coal Coal Coal Group, as a whole, has been signed by the Coal Group for about 80% over 23 years, corresponding to about 160 million tonnes, and the Public Co-Governor has increased by about 60% according to the assets of the mining companies, compared to about 30% previously.
At the same time, the company’s cash flow is now sufficiently stable, and the Sãoxi Coal Industry (601225): a single-quarter profit.
There will be no significant increase in capital spending, no high demand for debt servicing in the short term, and there will be a further increase in the future in the cash fractions, the growth and value attributes of historical heights — the profitability projections and investment ratings: corporate resource endowments lead the industry, and high coal premiums create their core competitive advantages at low cost.
In addition, the company has significantly increased its resource reserves through “nuclear build-up + acquisition” to give the public a high performance elasticity in the context of the price of coal, which is historically high. The company’s coal master industry, which has a steady increase in prices, operates smoothly and has a steady red feature.
From the perspective of giving value to the company: from the point of view of the pe valuation, we expect the company to modify its accounting methods again in 2024, thereby reducing the non-recurring loss by 2,471 million yuan compared to 23 years, bringing about a substantial equal ratio of 24 years of performance, gradual realization of logic and high costs.
On the right, there is still almost 33% of the price of the company's stock. Moreover, taking into account the company's combination of stable growth and high dividends avoidance properties, it covers the first time a “buy-in” rating is given.
Xiangxi is the only listed coal company in Xinxi province and is controlled by the Xinxi State Finance Committee. Xiangxi Coal is financed by the Xiangxi Coal Industries Group, which is funded by the coal mains assets of the tri-gorges group, the China Energy Development Group, the coloured coal industry, and the drum group.
The competitive advantage of co-initiated joint-incorporated companies on 23 December 2008 and submitted to the listed company on 28 January 2014 has been highlighted by the abundance of coal reserves and excellent coal quality. As of June 2023, the company had 18,367 million tons of coal and 10,606 million tons of recoverable coal. In addition, more than 97 per cent of the company ' s coal resources were superior.
Quality coal mining areas, good coal quality, well-positioned coal layers, mostly uncoated coal, long coal, weak coal and gas, characterized by low ash, low sulphur, low phosphorus, high heat, etc., as high-quality power coal, gas-chemical coal, and ideal chemical coal.
The city of Elklin, one of the leading players in our energy industry, is known as “China’s Kuwait” and has the advantage of a rich energy resource. More than 95% of the capacity of the company’s mines is located in the country’s “13th Five” major coal bases: the Shinto-Tungbei base, the Huang-Tung base, and the rational distribution and development of capacity.
From the downstream sales market, corporate coal sales revolve around the “six-line four” areas, i.e.: consolidation of the intra-provincial market along the Bauxi line, increasing the volume of the coastal market along the observant line, the Wajian line, the large “one-lake” market along the Hoji railway line, expansion of the south-west market along the line between the two sides, and full coverage of the company's products along the Yangtze economic belt and the eastern coast.
In the most economically developed regions, a strategic pattern of “coal can be seen in the coastal countries and in the centre.” 1.2. Focusing on coal masters, there is a steady increase in profits. Coal operations are prominent and contribute to major performances.
In the company ' s railways, the Yellow Bay Railway (18 million tons per year), the Copper River Railway (10 million tons per year) and the Red lemon Railway (45 million tons per year) together have their own annual capacity of 73 million tons per year. In 2016-2022, coal plates received an average of 96 per cent per year and Maori 97 per cent per year.
The performance of the plate is mainly related to freight costs associated with the sale of coal, which support the sale of the plate within and out of the coal plate, so that it is relatively low, with the average annual share of the railway plate at around 1% in 2016-2022. Firms operate robustly, and their performance continues to increase.
In the context of the supply-side reforms, coal production has accelerated towards a new concentration of power.
With the comprehensive implementation of the coal supply side reform, the coal industry has continued to optimize and the production capacity has become more concentrated. In February 2016, the State Council issued an Opinion on the Coal Industry’s Capacity to Dismantling Overflows, which states clearly that “the coal production will be reduced by about 500 million tons over a period of three to five years, with a reduction of about 500 million tons, with a significant reduction in coal production.
The objective of the project is “to halt, in principle, the approval of new coal mining projects, new energy-generating technological adaptation projects and capacity-building projects over a period of three years; where new coal-mining projects are required, reductions are applied.” With the comprehensive implementation of the coal supply side reform and capacity-exchange policy, the backward production capacity has been phased out, and coal development has continued.
The policy has led to a marked decline in coal production in provinces dominated by small-scale mines, and a significant increase in production in new regions with both resource and cost advantages, a gradual increase in coal production to a new concentration, and the importance of coal-producing areas in the central and western parts of the country.
From 2015 to 2022, the original coal production in Shaanxi province reached 8%, ranking fourth in the country. By 2022, the share of coal production in Shinjong Meng has exceeded 80%. As a large coal company in Shaanxi province, companies have benefited fully from the process of concentration of capacity.
After the policy, the company’s own coal production rose steadily, rising from 92 million tons in 2016 to 157 million tons in 2022, with an annual compound growth rate of 9 per cent and leading the industry. Meanwhile, during this period, Tianbei's production accounted for 2.2 per cent of the company’s total output, with resources leading the industry, adding up to a solid resource reserve.
As of December 2023, the company had 18,367 million tons of coal and 10,606 million tons of recoverable coal. According to the Chinese coal industry, 10,606 million tons of coal reserves and 2022.
By comparison, the amount of corporate resources and production are among the top listed companies. As of June 2023, the amount of corporate coal resources was the third highest in China’s Shunhua and China’s coal energy sources.
In terms of volume, the company achieved 157 million tons of coal production in 2022, ranking second in a listed company, after China, to acquire high-quality assets from major shareholders, and to consolidate its coal resource reserves. According to the announcement of 28 October 2022, the company intends to buy in cash, by means of a private agreement, 99.6% of the shares of the controlling shareholders of the coal asset group, the Shunnan Mine Group, and 99.6% of the shares and the Shunnan Mine Group.
The Bing Gang has two active mines (small and Mon village) with an approved capacity of 6 million tonnes/year, while the South Minerals has prospecting rights for the Pit Rabbit I and the West, with a capacity of 657 million tonnes and 976 million tonnes, respectively. In the month, the Sannan Minerals have been cut off, and the company ' s future resource reserves are expected to increase significantly.
In addition to the combined increase of 12 million tons of annual capacity in M & As mentioned above, in 2022 the company increased the capacity of seven mines, including the Sorbean Willows, the Lemon Towers, and the Mines, with a total additional capacity of 17 million tonnes/year. The increased storage capacity gave the company sustainable development energy. By the end of 2023, the company had 21 mines, with a total capacity of 162 million tons and an equity capacity of 99 million.
Tons. In the future, as the company accelerates the recovery of mines associated with the Trench Rabbit I and the Western Trench Survey Area, the forward production capacity is 2.3. Relying on the coal conglomerate, the coal conglomerate has a natural advantage in resource acquisition as an important vehicle for coal resource integration in Xinxi Province.
Coal is the only major state-owned coal consortium in Shaanxi province. It is an important vehicle for the strategic intent of the Xinxi Provincial Council and the provincial government to “make full use of the power of Xiangxi coal resources, integrate coal resources throughout the province, restructure the coal industry, and strengthen the energy-chemical industry.”
According to the company’s strategic planning and development claims, the company has gradually removed the coal mine, which is available for short years, high mining costs, and low coal quality, from the group, while the group injects good-quality coal resources into the public market since 2015.
The power of the group over coal resources is evident from the sole developer in the southern part of the capital. The Shaanxi provincial government has clearly designated the salami group as the sole developer in the southern part of the Ordos basin. According to the Central Integrity International Follow-up Report 2023, the total coal reserves in the southern part of the capital are expected to reach 30-40 billion tons, so that in the future, they are expected to rise to 30-40 billion tons.
As of the end of June 2023, the company had 3045 million tons of coal reserves, 20.309 billion tons of recoverable coal, and the mine has a residual capacity of approximately 98.59 years, with an authorized capacity of 206 million tons/year. After the removal of the coal industry, the group still owns coal.
Coal reserves of 11,687 million tons with a capacity of 9,703 million tons and an authorized capacity of 44 million tons. In the construction of mines, tons of tons/year. As the largest coal company in Shaanxi Province, the advantages of the group coal resources were highlighted.
On March 26, 2011, the Group issued a letter of commitment to avoid competition between communities, which includes, inter alia, the following: “In the case of the Group, the company will not engage in direct or indirect competition with the company's main business, and will give the company the option of acquiring its reserved business and its new business from the company.
The production of mines other than mines, where the production of such mines is still controlled by the thorium coalification group, does not develop any competitive business on the scale of the present production and, in strict compliance with the agreement between the thorium coalification group and the thorean coal industry, entrusts all the coal produced by such mines to be sold exclusively to the thorean coal industry.”
The group changed its original commitment to avoid competition, and the sales model of the coal conglomerate group was changed from a proxy sale in the former coal industry to a buyout. The company, as the only marketable platform for the group ' s coal block, is expected to expand its capacity as the group ' s coal mines are gradually completed and stabilized.
3. Coal resource endowments are leading the industry and low-cost COIA enhances profitability 3.1. The advantages of coal resource location are highlighted by the high quality of the high premium given to products The mining conditions in the North are complex, and the backward production capacity is gradually dissipated. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In 2015-2016, the company concentrated its coal resources in the high-quality coal mining areas of Xiangxi Province, with high-quality premium on products.
The coal resources are located in high-quality coal mining areas such as the Xinbei mine (the temple, the mackerel), the ping-yeon mine (the bingang, the mary) and are of good quality and well-positioned coal. The company ' s coals consist mainly of sticky coal, long-coal, weak sticky coal, and gas, with low ash, low sulfur, low phosphorus, high heat, etc., combined with oil-rich, highly chemically active high volatilisation properties, are high-quality power coal,
Gasification coal and ideal chemical coal have a significant competitive advantage. The company’s main production area, yellow mausoleums, elms, etc., is above 5,800 calories, higher than in the same coal-powered, Ordos mine. In the past, the mining area was dominated by the exploitation of the Jurassic coal layer, with the main coal heat being 5,000-5,500 calories, but the production of old mines is shrinking and new ones are being built, for example.
The primary coal heat is around 4,300 kilocalories in the Taliban, and it is difficult to exceed 5,000 kilocalories after washing. In addition, the company’s yellow masonry products are based on gas and are characterized by low sulphur and high wash-out rates. They are well cokered with coal because of the high premium on the company’s coal products, for example, in the areas of yellow may and silviculture, where there is a tax on commercial coal pits.
Prices ranged mostly between $805-840 per ton, higher than the price of merchandise coal in the Ordos mining area. 3.2. Large-scale wells are smartened and have a ton-coal advantage.
Good, simple geological formations and the low gas content of most coal layers (almost zero for most coal layers in the Toyako mining areas), the need to build modern large mines, the size of single wells, the size and low cost of investment in and operation of mines, the amount of mining deposits per ton, an increase of 8.26 per cent over the same period, but the cost of tons of coal in the Xanxi coal industry remains in the large number of coal-producing enterprises listed in a stock market.
The cost per unit of self-produced coal transport costs has increased considerably, as a result of operating costs.) The cost of coal is kept low, except for the old mine.
The company announced that by the end of June 2023, 99% of the company's intelligent production capacity had been achieved, with its mine production support system being fully “unattended, intelligent” and the system building a “digital integration control smart hub”, with coordinated and intelligent management.
Intelligentization of coal mining, excavation, aiding, robotics, surveillance and surveillance, and intelligent management has made it possible for companies to have low mining costs. In 2022, the cost of coal labour for companies was 45.1 ton, slightly higher than the cost of coal labour for industry leaders in China, 44.8 ton, but far below the cost of coal energy for China, 58 to 92 ton, and ton coal labour.
Coal prices have been rising steadily since 2015, benefiting from high premiums from the company ' s high-quality coal, low costs of collating well-established, acquired intelligence and support costs, a single ton of self-produced coal tolling back into the ground, and 3.3. Coal sales have been optimized and profitability has increased significantly
As the supply chain company shows, the volume of coal sold in trade has declined significantly. The coal in the company’s trading coal sales, partly on behalf of large shares, the coal in the storage pits of the Eastern Coalification Group (in order to avoid competition among partners), and the coal in the remainder for the joint venture between the company and Ramón. In 2021, the company’s subsidiary, Xiaoxi, was limited in its management of the supply chain of coal.
In 2021, the company purchased 96 million tons of coal, a decline of 18 per cent compared to the previous year; in 2022, the foreign sales fell further to 69 million tons.
After the supply side reform and the reduction policy, the company’s own coal production rose steadily, from 92 million tons in 2016 to 157 million tons in 2022, and from the company’s optimal coal marketing structure to a significant increase in profitability.
The cost of coal is determined by the market price of coal, so that the ton of home-grown coal is significantly higher than the ton of foreign coal, and in 2022, the ton of home-grown coal is 464 gross Litt. This is much higher than the ton of foreign coal. Since 2020, the price of coal has fluctuated sharply as the distribution of home-grown coal has increased as a result of micro-variant patterns of demand and supply of coal.
Curbing the global willingness to invest in the coal sector has led to a tightening of supply margins and a steady increase in downstream demand, ultimately leading to an imbalance in supply and demand in the coal industry. The imbalance in supply and demand in the sector has magnified the impact of micro-changes, and extreme weather and conflict in Russia have further exacerbated demand and demand tensions since 2021, causing coal prices to surge in the short term.
As of 31 December 2023, coal prices in the port of Qin island stood at $936 per ton, or 85.4 per cent since 2010, and policies have led coal power companies to implement the Coal Association ' s price mechanism to smooth coal price cycles.
In February 2022, the National Development Reform Commission issued the Circular on Further Improvement of the Coal Market Price-Forcing Mechanism (No. [2022]303), which identified mining links in key areas such as Qin Island Port, Shanxi, Shaanxi, Monci, Monton, etc.
Euros/tonnes with a base price of $675/t (5500 kcal power coal), 26% higher than the 535 kcal/tonne that has been used since 2017. In 2023, while continuing the previous long-term agreement price mechanism, the medium- and long-term contracts for electricity and coal also provided comprehensive guidance on the subject, requirements, compliance supervision, etc., for the long- and medium-term contracts, November 2023, Electric Coal 2024.
Notices of performance for medium- and long-term contracts have been issued, as compared to the 2022 document. The long-term contract for electricity and coal is intended to ensure the effective implementation of the contract, guarantee the stability of the supply of electricity and coal, and curb the volatility of the price cycle.
The group signed for the group as a whole in 2023 at about 80%, corresponding to 160 million tonnes, which is about 60% of the share of the owner of each mining company, compared to the previous 30% share of coal. In addition, the chairman of the consortium, who sold coal, was dominated by pits, with no annual and monthly differences, and the price of the sale rose by the country.
In response to the likely future rise or fall in coal prices, we have made coal prices more expensive.
The spot price is about $970 per ton, and the counterpart company's own-produced coal is estimated to be $618 per ton. Assuming that the cost of the home-grown coal ton remains the same at 257 ton, we calculate that the company's performance is supported by the assumption that the average port spot price will increase by 50 to 1020 dollars in 2024, even if coal prices fall in a pessimistic future scenario.
50 to 920 tons, with a total annual net return on the coal plate still expected to reach $23.3 billion; port current average prices are substantial 4. Multi-channel investments to broaden the development path, profit increases to build a second growth curve 4.1. Focus on high-quality assets, and multiple investments to increase profitability
Since 2017, companies have actively promoted capital operations based on the country's 30/60 carbon peaks, carbon neutrality and target orientations, ahead of the deployment of new energy sources, new materials, new economic paths, high-quality assets, and new and mutually supportive investment cycles that combine “financial investment + strategic investment + industrial investment”
Indirect investment: In July 2017, the company, in cooperation with the Western Trust, signed the West Trust Sing Coal-Search Industries Investment Single Fund Trust Fund (SWF) Trust Fund Contract (service management category) for investment.
In September of that year, the “Single Carrow Trust Project” was liquidated, resulting in the first closed round of corporate equity investment operations, which yielded 186 per cent of the return on single-project investment, benefiting from this trust project, Shaanxi 2020. In the first half of the year, the company launched the Open-source Eagle Equity Investment Fund partnership, focusing on the proposed listings for the North.
In the area of direct investment, the company holds shares in the Lungi green energy, new materials, smart manufacturing, high-end equipment, and industrial goods networking, with a total of $1 billion to expand the course for corporate equity investments.
Reduction from 3.79 per cent to 2.7 per cent, and the build-up of accounting for Lungi Green Energy from long-term equity investment equity to fair value accounting, which resulted in fair value fluctuations for companies, resulting in -2.16 billion non-recurring gains and losses, resulting in larger net return profits for companies.
The impact of low stock price volatility on company performance. Based on this assumption, we expect a reduction in capital operations in 2024 to contribute substantial investment returns. Corporate investment returns have steadily increased since foreign investment in 2017.
Both Roe are at the forefront of the industry, with companies in 2022 accounting for 27 per cent, ranked first in the industry, and Roe 34 per cent, followed only by Mountain Coal International, ranked second, with strong corporate profitability. Figure 27: Comparison of the analysis of listed coal companies in 2022 (%)
Figure 26: Comparison of the analysis of coal companies listed in 2022 (%) High score of red cash cows, laying the value of long-term investments, which have benefited from rising coal prices in recent years, and a significant increase in corporate profitability. Economic growth slowed in 2014 - 2015
In 2016, the industry experienced supply-side changes, the acceleration of the exit of the Middle East tribes’ post-production capacity, a significant increase in the profitability of coal companies, along the road to energy prices, and the initial appearance of corporate performance. But corporate performance slowed down owing to the downside of major commodity prices in 2018-2019.
Since then, extreme weather, the Russian-Ukrainian war, among other things, have fuelled the tension between supply and demand, and the price of coal has risen sharply. In 2022, the company achieved a net return profit of $31,523 million, an increase of 64 per cent from the previous year, a historic increase. In the first half of 2023, the fall in coal prices led to an equal decline in the net return profit of the company, but still stands at $11.6 billion, with far higher profitability than the historical average.
One hundred million yuan, of which 1,811 million yuan was planned for capital expenditure in 2023, was spent mainly on the Small Pawdang well and coal-picking plant projects, the Red Lillenn Three Wind well project, the extension of the line dedicated to the coal mine in the village of Hujiang, and the Li Jia Chiu well project, which is a significant decrease from 4,548 million yuan in 2022. Furthermore, as of 30 September 2023, company statements showed,
No new bonds have been issued in the open market since their listing in 2014, i.e., no new demand for debt servicing, and short-term liabilities have had less impact on the company ' s current overall cash flow. As of the first half of 2023, net corporate cash was 16,978 million yuan, far more than short-term liabilities.
In addition, we expect to reduce non-recurring losses by 2,471 million yuan in 2024, which will further increase the company’s capacity.
In summary, the company currently has sufficient and stable cash flows, and there are no major new projects in the short term, i.e., no significant capital expenditures, no large debt-servicing needs in the short term, and no potential and space for further increases in the cash-sharing ratio. Our model predicts a net return in 2023 in the coal industry.
With a profit of approximately $21,949 million, based on a profit projection for 2023, which maintains a 22-year bonus of 60 per cent, we now forecast the performance of the Xiangxi Coal industry for 2023-2025 under the following conditions: Coal production: 99.6 per cent of the company ' s shareholding and 100 per cent of the Shunnan Mining Group in 2022, adding capacity
12 million tons (6 million tons of small-scale mines, 6 million tons of Maung village mines); in addition, seven mining sites, such as the company Red Willowlin and the lemon tower mines, have increased their capacity to produce 17 million tons. The company has now acquired only about 80% of the production capacity of Bing Long and Meng Estates, thus taking into account the increased capacity of the mining sector and the increased capacity of the nuclear mine.
Coal prices: From an industry perspective, “carbon neutral” policies stifle the global willingness to invest in the coal industry, resulting in competing supply levels, while demand for electricity at the end of demand is growing steadily, and coal supply and demand are increasing to support prices. From a corporate perspective, coal and coal prices have increased the proportion of coal that has been co-opted by companies in recent years, making the price of coal sold by companies more stable than the market.
Domestic investment in coal production capacity is slow, coal production is limited, and adding back-heating downstream demand will form the bottom of the price of coal Coal cost: taking into account good storage conditions, simple geological formations, large-scale single wells, corporate resource endowments leading the industry, and high coal premiums are low-cost in their core competitive advantage.
The company’s coal master industry, with a steady increase in prices, has a steady increase in its operations and a steady red mark. From two angles, we give the company an assessment of its value: from the point of view of the pe valuation method, we expect it to be in 2024.
Or we'll re-modify the accounting methods, thereby reducing the non-recurring loss by 2,471 million yuan over 23 years, which should be 10.14/9.07/8.82 times more than in 24 years. We have chosen the Chinese god that is close to the size of the coal industry and its operations, and, again, in terms of dividends, the current cash flow of the company is sufficiently stable and there are no large new projects in the short term, i.e., in the short term.
There will be no significant increase in capital spending, no high demand for debt servicing in the short term, and there will be potential and scope for a further increase in the ratio of cash dividends in the future. Our model predicts a net profit of about $21,949 million to the mother in 2023 in the Sanxi Coal industry. Based on the foregoing, we cover the first time we have “buy-in” given the stable growth of the company and the high equity risk-free nature of the company.
The domestic economy has experienced a sharp decline in economic growth: domestic economic growth has declined significantly and demand has fallen, resulting in insufficient demand for electricity. 2. Lower demand for coal is not as high as expected: there is a risk of falling demand downstream of coal, as a result of the macroeconomic downturn, and coal prices may fall short of expectations if supply policies continue to be scaled up.
3. Safety-producing accidents result in less than expected coal production: safety-producing accidents in the production of coal mines are occasional and, if they occur, will result in less than expected coal production by companies.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.