On September 12th, 2019, the company won the reputation of "The King of Africa" in the mobile phone industry.
Cellular terminals are at the core, with three major brands of tecno, itel, and infinix mobile phones under the banner, and sales are concentrated in global emerging markets such as Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and South America.
Digital accessories, home appliances and mobile Internet services were developed. In 2018, company cellular output reached 48.71 per cent in the African market, ranking first and enjoying the reputation of the King of Africa.
The report, “Step of Science and Communication Series II: Key Financial Indicators of the Company and Prospections for Profit”, released on 15 April 2019. The company achieved business income of $22.65 billion in 2018, an increase of 13.0 per cent, and a net return of $657 million to the mother, the same amount.
Millions of yuan, resulting in a net return to the mother 818 million yuan; the company's current operating income is expected to be $16.377-17.25 billion in January-September 2019, an increase of about 3.68-9.24 per cent over the same period; and the company's valuations and requests for quotations are recommended. We predict the company using the historical valuation reference method.
At a higher threshold than a, institutional investors have a higher voice than a share, initial market sentiment is higher, the market is expected to be more rational in the long run, and valuations may gradually converge towards the Hong Kong stock.
The average value of the dcf valuation method is a reasonable valuation for the company, that is, the company's reasonable valuation, the decline, the inability of emerging markets to exploit expectations, the risk of trade friction, the market system, and the company's experience of multiple rounds of financing since its inception. The last round of financing took place in June 2017, with limited sounding from the company's predecessor.
The third replenishment, valued at $20.65 billion after investment, 1. Assumptions and profit projections 1) steady growth in the emerging market mobile phone sector and further expansion of the company over the next few years with cost advantages
2) Other major operations (sales of products such as digital accessories, household appliances, mobile Internet services, etc.) 3. As the size of the company ' s income expands, the effect of scale gradually becomes apparent, with a steady decrease in cost rates; 4) Other corporate income and other influences, such as profits, tax rates, remain stable;
5. According to the idc data, the top five manufacturers ranked in 2018 in the global full-product mobile market were Samsung (Korean listing), Apple (United States listing), Hua (unlisted) and Mi (port listing).
Stars are the world’s leading mobile market, and in addition to the mobile business, Sam has a variety of consumer electronics, t, and other end-products. Three stars are also important in upstream areas such as chips, screens, and storage. Apple is a global market for high-end mobile phones, building deep moats based on ios’ ecology, and developing content industries.
Unlike international giants, companies focus on emerging markets such as Africa. The market for mobile phones is highly competitive, with brands and slogans becoming the most important factor for consumers.
On the basis of big cellular brands, companies have created digital component brands oraimo, after-sale service brands carlcare and home appliances syinix, among others, and have developed autonomous software platforms for smart terminal operating systems such as hios, itelos, and Xos, and stand-alone applications. Companies are based on localizing innovation and user-oriented product positioning.
The commercial eco-model “Mobular Internet Services + Households, Digital Parts” is already in its initial shape. Since there are no comparable companies in listed companies that have product positioning and business models that are identical, we have chosen three stars, apples, millet, etc. as comparable companies.
By contrast, although there are some differences in business models, medium- and low-end mobile phones are more closely connected to sound transmission operations. If they are calculated as 17.4 times the size of the Mi Group in 2019, the sound holding is valued at $39.18/info (after ipo).
In the dcf model, the core assumptions are as follows: assuming a company beta coefficient of 1.30, a target equity ratio of 85 per cent, a no-risk rate of 3.04 per cent, wacc, etc.
An average capital cost of 9.1 per cent is a constant growth rate of 1 per cent.The core assumption in figure 4dcf's valuation is that we get a reasonable valuation of $50.51 per share of the company using the cash flow discount method.
Given the higher threshold than a, the institutional investor has a higher voice than a share, the initial market sentiment is higher, the market is expected to be more rational in the long term, and valuations may gradually converge towards the Hong Kong stock. On top of this, we use the averages of historical valuation references, pe and dcf valuations as a reason for the company.
We believe that the main risk factors are: lower demand for mobile phones, lower profitability as a result of increased competition, under-exploitation of emerging markets, trade friction risk, market systemic risk, etc.
Xu Peng: Master of Engineering, June 2013 added to the Hong Kong Bonds. For the six months following the reporting date, the securities have increased or decreased in relation to the 300 index. Qualifications. This report is produced by Hua Peng Securities and is intended only for customers of Chinese securities.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.