We took part in a retail bank opening day in Shenzhen last week.
In the second half of 2016, the Bank officially launched the Retail Transformation Programme, with the primary objective of expanding the retail population (about 40.5 million people at the end of 2016) and increasing retail sales.
Sun Ming, cfa ' s share (30.6% in 2016). As of 2018, the Bank of Peace ' s retail customers entered the second phase of its retail transition (see figure 1) with the main objective
Xiaomeng Xiaomeng is a major measure to enhance the profitability of retail operations, mainly through the vigorous development of private banking and wealth management.
It consists of three main components: three main business modules, namely, basic retailing, consumer finance and private banking; two core competencies, namely, cost management and risk control; and one endogenously driven, namely, artificial intelligence (ai). Basic retailing brings growth in customer base and volume, while consumer finance and private banking are profitable.
The market is generally regarded as China's best retail bank (600036ch, unrated). So we compare the retail business of two banks in the following dimensions: 1)
Contribution to operating income and profits, 2) structure and pricing of loans and deposits, 3) non-performing loan rate, 4) retail customers and average customer aum, and 5) cost ratio. Results show that the collection and asset ratio of the Bank of Peace in retail operations is comparable to the recruitment, while operating efficiently, asset quality and profitability.
A summary of the performance of the fourth quarter of 2018. One of the bright spots is the expansion of the net difference, with the fourth quarter single-season ring rising by 13 basis points, generating an increase of 15.8 per cent over the same period, and a 41 per cent increase in the provision for impairment over the same period.
In addition, there has been a marked increase in the coverage of the Bank’s non-performing loans over 90 days, with a 22 percentage point to 103% increase; this indicator has been consistently below 100% over the past few years.
The main weakness is that the Bank’s capital level remains weak, with a core-level capital adequacy rate of 8.54% at the end of the fourth quarter of 2018 (75% on the regulatory red line).
In January this year, the Bank of Peace successfully released 26 billion yuan in debt transfers, raising the capital adequacy rate by 110 basis points after a full transfer of equity. The average number of registered banks is 0.87 times, and the average rate of registered banks is 1.34 times.
A transformation strategy that will lead to higher financial performance will also provide room for upwards in their valuations. At the same time, the bank will be the main beneficiary of targeted de-escalation by small and medium-sized banks.
Company website: Bank.pingan.com Overview of the Peace Bank Retail Strategy
Summary of performance for the fourth quarter of 2018 Figure 5: Ratio of non-performing loans to overdue loans for more than 90 days Figure 7: Contribution of retail loans and deposits
Figure 6: Retail operations contribution Figure 8: Medium-term retail loan interest rate and retail deposit cost, 2018 Figure 9: Non-performing retail lending rate
Figure 10: Number of Retail Clients and Aum Figure 11: Ratio of Retail Cost Income to Retail Operations in the First semester of 2018