Leung Kae Annual Report: Retail sales are on the rise and asset quality is recognized in the market
Pre-disclosed fast-track performance is largely consistent. The retail transformation of companies has achieved remarkable results, with real asset quality. Looking at the company’s dynamism in retailing, financial science and technology, and the driving force of customer numbers in the context of the Peace Group, we look forward to the company’s future development and to maintaining the “buy-in” investment proposal.
Net annual gain of 7.0 per cent: The Bank of Peace earned $11.67 billion in 2018, while yoy increased 10.3 per cent, resulting in a net gain of $24.8 billion and yoy increased 7.0 per cent, which is consistent with the performance report.
In addition to the significant increase in investment earnings from 2017 in the context of 19 years, which recorded $10.7 billion in fees and commissions, agent and commission, bank card operations have developed better, pushing the payroll up by 2.0 to 31.3 billion. In terms of net interest income, 74.7 billion and yoy have increased throughout the year.
3.2 trillion and yoy up 2.1% of interest differentials are affected by the increase in the cost of deposits (the high-cost individuals recorded $15.4 billion, while yoy up 35.9% of total loans, 57.8%, and yoy up 8.0 pct. Retail loans accounted for by new loans throughout 2018, depending on marginal changes.
Retail deposits accounted for 94 per cent of the new deposits in 2018.The decline was mainly due to the improvement in the quality of mortgages, small consumer loans and other guaranteed or pledged loans, and the fact that companies were better placed on safer mortgages.
402018 Peace Bank has been put in place, with 97% of loans/deprived loans more than 90 days overdue, and assets of solid quality recognized by the market. Industry is already in the vanguard and is active in science and technology, and we look forward to the company’s future.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.