The global panel tap is expected to take the lead in the reversion of the beneficiary industries.
Keywords: #capability expansion lcd panel leader worldwide, industry leader continues to work: Tokyo East is a global lcd panel leader, lcd panel manufacturer maintains control, supply decline panel prices stabilizes
Up. As the demand for tv warms, large-sized lcd panels will be rebalanced. Medium-sized and small-sized lcd panels will be transformed, smartphone panels will be reduced, and vehicle screens will increase as the market climate rises.
oled promotes performance growth, and new demand drives panel production: the market size of the market will rise rapidly, and the share of Chinese exports will rise. As overall demand prepares for recovery, the oled panel penetration will continue to rise. New markets such as fold screens, smart TVs, smart watches, etc.
The company continues to deepen its production scale, and the sales of the olid are also becoming a comprehensive layout of the “1+4+n+ecological chain” that embraces the great opportunities of the age of smart goods: the policy dividend is designed and continues to benefit from a strategy based on the “screens” strategy, and the company has formed the “1+4+n+ecological chain”
Business layout, government subsidies, which are growing at a high rate every year, highlight core competitiveness. “1”: companies are leading the industry as semi-carriers, and performance is accompanied by a steady upturn in panel prices and a steady improvement in product structure; “4”: networking innovation/sensors and solutions/intellectuals fly.
Rapid development, with a rapid upswing in the management of luminous light power mled operations, the four main high-altitude routes are expected to become the main source of future revenue; “n”: companies are actively developing a disaggregated application landscape and implementing a transformation of the network; and “ecological chains”: companies are actively promoting the localization of supply chains and fostering co-location up and down.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we're looking at the corporate front-end industry cycle reversal and fast-tracking mled to refine the business architecture of the “1+4+n+ecological chain”, predicting corporate enterprises) and tri-lipography (upstream bias core supplier) of 2023-2025 pb
Reporting on support for professional research and analysis, thanks in particular to Ma Sky Wing, Tang Qin and Kim for not meeting the expected risks; 3) show that competition in the panel industry increases the risks.
1.lcd panel leads the world, industry leads the way, national producers dominate the large-sized lcd panel market, and the Kyoto East is strong.
Figure 2: Global large-sized tft-lcd cargo area (millions of m2) in 2021. The price of the lcd panel manufacturer maintained control, and prices recovered steadily. The supply was effectively controlled by the panel plant, with supply falling steadily during the first quarter. The overall supply and demand environment was balanced, and prices were expected to rise structurally in the second quarter.
The second quarter of the supply of panels followed by a steady recovery of demand has fallen further to 4.6%, and overall demand and demand has become more tight. The overall price of large panels has recovered slightly. For small and medium-sized sizes, the price of monitors and pen panels has remained stable.
Size panel procurement needs increase. Small- and medium-sized lcd panel demand shifts and overall delivery remains low. The lcd boarding application is irreplaceable and is expected to replace smartphones as an engine for lcd panel growth.
The global market has grown in size and the Chinese market has grown in size. According to Omdia, the total market size of the global market has reached $43.3 billion in 2022, and is expected to reach $57.7 billion in 2027, with an increase of 5.9 per cent in the Chinese industry, and the Chinese industry is expected to grow in 2022.
The oled panel penetration rate is rising, and new demand is driving the industry. The oled industrial chain is becoming more mature and the soft side of the price is falling. According to Trendforce, the oled downstream is the largest smartphone market in 2023.
The penetration rate will be 50.8%, and in 2026 it will be more than 60%. New markets such as fold screens, smart TVs, smart watches, etc. continue to open up the industry ceiling. ltpo technology is expected to become a new growth point in the future industry.
The outlook is bright. In 2022, the world had the second largest volume of smartphones on its board, and in 2023, the proportion of those on its board was expected to rise from 9% in 2022 to 13%. The average annual growth in the production capacity of the "1+4+n+ecological chain" was expected to meet the big opportunities of the smart mass era.
In terms of product structure, in terms of capacity planning, the company actively invests in building production lines to capture the share of the vehicle and the vr market. In 2022, the Chengdu East train, which was launched, showed the base’s output in the postnatal years.
The vehicle shows about 15 million screens, covering a 5-35-inch LCD display module. The company intends to build a production line for the 6th generation of semiconductor monitors in Beijing, using the ltpo as the main technology, which will mainly produce the meta-cosm core devices displaying high-end display products such as screens and miniled direct backboards.
High-submarine channels are growing at a very rapid rate, with continuous power-blowing and high-submarine channels, adding future power. Material networking creates new/sensors and solutions/intellectual medicine operations at a very rapid pace, with continuous depth layout. mled operations are rising rapidly, with continuous energy-blowing light power.
We are looking at the company’s first-benefiting industry cycle inverting and fast-distribution mled track to improve the “1+4+n+1)tv LCD needs are not as high as expected; 2) the technology is not progressing as expected; 3)
The three main financial forecasting tables in Kyoto Orientala present this report with diligence, independence and objectivity, and all the views contained in the report accurately reflect what I've learned about the situation.
A statement of the personal opinion of the issuer or of the issuer; I have specific suggestions or views contained in this report, whether direct or indirect, that have nothing to do with my remuneration.