Kyodonga (000725) Electronics sector recovery, and oled is expected to maintain high growth, southwest securities research and development centre
Summary of performance: Companies publish annual reports for 2022, achieve business income of $178.41 billion throughout 2022, show business price discounts and mled positive growth. 2022: 1) End of receipt: companies achieve revenues of $1.20 billion, showing product/material networking innovation/sensory/mled/smart medical operations, respectively
lcd: 22 years of pressure on panel prices, 23 years of expected continued warming under the control of the manufacturer, industry upswinging cycles with clear peak-scale effects and firm positions. 22 years, with geopolitical risks, global economic downturn, high inflation, weak consumption, leading to conservative brand customers buying, semiconductors showing industry.
The annual income and the Māori rate have both declined, but remain the world’s highest in terms of volume and area of delivery of the five main lcd applications (tv, monitor, notebook, tablet, mobile phone) and the number of shipments in areas such as collating, vehicle loading, etc., is the world’s first.
Slightly, it is expected that the price of the lcd panel will continue to warm up, that the company, as the lcd panel leader, will benefit better from the panel ' s upper cycle, and that the lcd main industry is expected to recover significantly.
Growth. According to cinno, 22-year amoled panels have a penetration rate of about 33% in smartphones, and soft technology has become the dominant source panel. With global amoled smartphone panels down 10.3% in 22 years, companies have benefited from capacity expansion and large customer orders, amoled panels sales.
The same area +34.6%, of which the amoled smartphone has about 80 million pieces, the same year +31.1%, the market share 13%, the same year +4.1pp. In 2023, the company is expected to be flexible and amoled in Greater Tokyoa (000725).
The client share will be further increased by adding up companies ' high-end product poles in the segmented areas of ltpo, folding, vehicle load, etc., to the higher volume (2023-01-10) of goods, and better price repair is expected to bring better profit elasticity to the company.
A better income and profit elasticity, a flexible lcd production line structure, an increase in the certainty of the unled loss, and an increase in the share in new applications such as vehicles, maintain a “buy-in” rating. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.