2023q1: Performance improves on a quarterly basis, waiting for the warmth of demand Keywords: #Exploitation #New Products, New Technologies, New Clients Events: Companies Issued First Quarterly 2023
▪ Improved performance on a quarterly basis, waiting for the recovery of demand: the company achieved business income of 37.970 billion yuan in q1 in 2023, yoy-24.8 per cent, net profit of 250 million yuan to the mother, yoy-94.4 per cent, net profit of the non-mortality to the end-consumption demand has not recovered as expected, while facing a sharp fall in the tablet price compared to the same period last year
Impact, but significant improvement in ring performance, mainly 1) one quarter of continuous improvement in chain stock and price patterns, combined with downstream pull demand, with full price increases for the mainstream lcdtv panel; 2) one quarter Māori rate of 6.8 per cent, ring ratio + 0.94 ptt, maintaining the state of ongoing restoration since 22q4
3. Total sales costs, administrative costs and financial costs for the first quarter of the year amount to $2.81 billion, a 34.9 per cent decrease in the ring, and a 14.7 per cent decrease in the same year, with a significant cost improvement over the period in the sales/financial rate ratio - 1 pct/1.33 pct, respectively. Since April, the price of the lcdtv panel has continued.
Continued upswings and narrow declines in the prices of the int panel, some of the products have stopped, demand side is expected to drive overall panel prices to continue to improve as the second half of the year comes, corporate performance is expected to continue to grow on a seasonal basis lcd panel niche, and new demand from the oled drives production: companies are driving production in tv,
Mnt, nb, tablet, and mobile phones’ five major lcd mainstream applications show that the volume of screened goods and market access continue to be the highest in the world. With further upstream and downstream integration, the withdrawal of Korean factories, and continued clean-up of production capacity and industry, the company’s market share is expected to expand further, benefiting first from the panel price recovery.
For three years in a row, we've successfully delivered our major overseas customers, and our share of the supply continues to rise, and the company's home-grown Ordos, Chengdu, Sunyang, Chongqing, etc., has continued to grow, and the Fukushima and Beijing production lines are being built, thanks to the company's excellent technology and competitive prices.
Ge, 23 years of company supply to large clients is expected to continue to increase further.  Comprehensive layout, “1+4+n+ecological chain”, captures the great opportunities of the intelligents conglomerate era: the company as a semiconductor displays a leader in the industry, with a steady upturn in the price of the panels and a steady improvement in the product structure.
Step repairs; rapid growth of corporate network innovation/sensors and solutions/smart medicine operations, Kyotoa Deepness: Global Panels Control of stock luminous light power mled operations fast up and four high-altitude routes are expected to become in the future
The leader is expected to take the lead in benefiting the industry in reverse.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we're looking at the business cycle reverse and fast-tracking of the company’s beneficiary panels, and we're maintaining the previous profit forecast, with the company forecasting a net profit for 2023-2025.
Three major financial forecasts for Kyoto Orientala. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory board.