Performance forecast for 2022: meeting expectations, focusing on the re-evaluation of assets in the light of fire capacitation; event: (1) company announces a performance forecast for 2022, and company expects to return in 2022
▪ The transformation of the power function under the new power system, and the valuation is expected to reshape: the market needs to rediscover the supportive power position of the new power system, which should be a “fire-store-wind” integrated, multi-complementary power system, which can be found when the wind is out of hand.
Wait, fire + storage should be replenished to allow the power system to maintain a dynamic balance in the supply of power, and fire power, because of its low-cost, weather-proof and stable properties, is also playing an increasingly important role in new power systems, and valuations should be reshaped.
Capacity electricity prices + market-based electricity prices change the new pattern of fire power profitability: since 2022 Shandong, Guizhou and others have been piloting electric power capacity on fire, providing profitability for fire power participation in deep-flash FM. Mechanisms are not yet well developed, and coal units under the traditional management mechanisms lack the power to proactively provide flex FM.
Services. Since there are no technical barriers to the adaptation of coal power flexibility, the main reason is that the mechanism has not been streamlined.
The company uses fire + extraction as its basic engine, shares in the growth benefits of new energy sources, shares in coal-enjoyed coal systems where the value of fire-support power is heavy, power integration is low, value is high. The company uses fire and pumping as a ballast block for the power system.
It's estimated that the capacity price changes the electricity price of the fire, and it's stored in the main industry. In 2021, the company removed the wind from the PV project, injected new power, added to the stock market, 31% of the new power, and enjoyed the return on investment. We believe that the power industry has gradually moved from cyclical properties to public.
Using the attributes of a career, the valuation has yet to be revalued; the generation of important storage assets for new power systems, superimposed, higher rates of growth, should be valued; and the new power source of equity, on the one hand, does not need to invest, on the other hand, substantial capital spending, which ensures good cash flow and asset performance, and, on the other hand, it does.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we maintain the opportunity to revalue assets under the power-capacity-price perspective that companies are expected to earn from 2022-2024, and we maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Three major financial forecasts for HCI. Dong Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.