huadianpowerinternationalco.ltd.(600027) reportuactiveunitiesofothermalpowerwithinnewpowerssystemssysteminthecapabilitypriceintulation
It's not like I'm the only one who's in the world, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's gonna be the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's gonna be the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
#newrequires#newpolitics
In fact, I think it's time for you to go to the hospital, in fact, in fact, thesis revaluation unitiesofmalpowerinitsfundiontransformationunder the newpowererssystem: asatypeofstableenergynetofedbyweatherconvention, otherwise
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, itlowhostandweotherproofstability, Hermalpowerplaysamoremoremportant roleinthenewpowersystem, and weseerversionopportunitiesforothermalpower. revtionofcapabilityprice&market-orientatedpriceresnewprofitmodelfor
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it.
Soochowsecurities international technical technicalobstaclefreelexibilitytransformationofcoalpower, webeliasemain brokeragemittedwouldlite
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's going to do it, but I'm going to do it.
I mean, itsemproyeesboliu and power & pumpedstorage while the hypesquittyparticipaciónnewables & coalcreades reasonable profitsandlowcost.in2021, thecompanydivedthewindandsolpolower
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
risks: policyrisk, coalpricevolatility, macroeconomicrisk.
# New demand, new policy #
▪ New power systems are being transformed into fire power, and valuations are expected to be recast: new power systems are being used as a stable source of energy free of weather effects, and the role of “voltage blocks” has been highlighted. Since 2020, there has been a high incidence of electrical waste, and the rapid development of wind and light voltage has placed increasing demands on the grid and on the electricity system.
The multiplicity of energy complementarities is also more demanding. “Emergic waste” in carbon neutral processes, where local power supply and demand imbalances persist, and the flexible power of the Fire Reserve Consortium is the key to resolving these contradictions. Markets need to rediscover the supporting power from the new power system.
Source status, a new type of power system should be a multi-power, complementary power system with a “fire-store-wind” integration, which can be seen in the fact that when the wind fails, fire-plus storage should be replenished so that the power system maintains a dynamic balance in the supply of electricity, which is low-cost and weather-proof.
The sound-stabilizing traits are also playing an increasingly important role in new power systems, and valuations should also be re-established. The capacity price + market-based price of electricity changes the new pattern of electricity profits from fire: Shandong, Guizhou, etc. since 2022
The introduction of the Fire Power Capacity Pilot has provided a profitable mechanism for the participation of fire power in the deep-deep-up FM, while the coal unit under the traditional management mechanism lacks the power to offer the FM services voluntarily. Since there are no technical barriers to the adaptation of coal-fired power flexibility, it is mainly the mechanism that is not available.
Reasons for rationalization. • Company: Fire and power + extraction, participation in new energy generation + coal: under the new power system, company based on fire and + extraction, participation in the growth gains of new energy sources, participation in coal for coal
Electricity integration is low-cost and valuable. The company uses fire and extraction as a voltage block for the power system. In 2021, the company removed wind from its photovoltaic project, injected new energy into it, added 31% of the new energy to its share, and enjoyed the return on investment. We believe that the power industry has gradually moved from cyclical properties to public.
Report on the support of professional research and analysis, with the attributes of a career, to be revalued; and the extraction of important storage assets for new power systems, to be added, thanks in particular to Liu Bo and Don Ya Fai for their help.
The higher rate of growth should be valued for growth; the new energy source of equity power, on the one hand, does not require significant capital investment, on the other hand, ensures good cash flow and asset performance, and, on the other hand, benefits from the growth of new energy sources.
For the first time, “buy-in” ratings were given for the primary energy status of the power grid, which added to the power price policy of the capacity, and it was expected that the valuation would be reshaped.
The market needs to rediscover the power-support status of the new power system under fire. It is well understood that the new power system is a “power-net-to-charge” power system, which is dominated by the wind, light and light, which is highly affected by the weather, and the continuity of electricity generation cannot be guaranteed; the power side follows electric cars, smart homes, etc.
The widespread use of equipment such as roof photovoltaics, household storage, etc., and the trend towards diversification of end loads are significant: major changes on the side side of the power supply and the side of the power supply have caused huge shocks and loads on the grid. With the Sichuan drought this past two quarters, the market has come to realize that the depth of the fire power has been high for a long time when large-scale commercial applications of storage technology are not possible.
Power systems of the type should be multi-power complementary systems of “fire-store-windlight” integration, which is reflected in the fact that when the wind fails, fire-plus storage should be replenished, allowing the power system to maintain a dynamic balance in the supply of power, while fire, because of its low-cost, weather-proof and stable properties, is also playing an increasingly important role in new power systems.
2. Fire power: the capacity price plus the market price of electricity to change the new pattern of electricity profitability The incentives for the supply of flexible, regulated services in the national electricity market reform are not yet well developed, while traditional regulators are not yet in place.
Coal units lack power to offer FM services. Since there are no technical barriers to the adaptation of coal power flexibility, the main reason is that the mechanism has not been streamlined.
Under the new power system, it is based on fire + extraction, the growth benefits of new energy sources, the low cost of coal integration, and the value of the company’s main industry, which has been the voltage of the system, and the wind luminous power generation project in 2021, which injects new energy and 31 per cent of new energy and benefits from investment.
It was argued that the fire power industry was moving from cycle to utility properties and that valuation was still to be revalued; that the extraction of new power systems, important storage assets and the accumulation of higher rates of growth, should be valued for growth; and that the introduction of new power sources, on the one hand, would not require significant capital spending and would guarantee good cash flow and asset performance, and on the other hand, would be able to enjoy the new ones.
4. Profit forecasting and valuation of 700gw, 300gw to 2604gw, 2837gw, 3052gw, 3217gw; high-speed heat of fire
For comparable companies, we have selected the New Energy Proximity Three Gorges and Fire and Power + New Energy Dragon Energy Power International, which, as a result of our view of the primary energy status of the new power system under fire, has avoided a 14-fold increase in Chinese electricity per year by adding its share of the new energy source. Added capacity to market price policy is good for the fire industry, with China relying on the fire power industry in Shandong Province.
In the provinces, the rapid growth of new energy sources and the concentration of power supply and demand have been covered for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating. 1, Policy risk. If the power-price policy for the power capacity of the fire is not as widespread as expected, it will have a negative impact on the company’s expectations of profits, 2 and the price of coal is volatile. If coal prices go up above expectations, it will have a direct impact on the profits of the power from the fire.
3. Macroeconomic risks. If electricity demand falls above expectations, it will have a negative impact on corporate performance.
A statement of the personal opinion of the issuer or of the securities issuer; the specific proposals or views contained in the present report are, or will be, made in the past, present or future, regardless of whether they relate directly or indirectly to his remuneration.