2022: Capacity + Coal + Fire & Power On 30rd of 2023, Davis double-clicked.
(b) The annual generation of electricity, the prices of electricity on the Internet and the capacity of the crew, which in 2022 resulted in a cumulative production of 22.932 billion kilowatt-hours, an increase of 0.54 per cent, and a net gain of 207.745 billion kilowatt-hours.
The company was one of China’s largest listed power producers and one of the highest a-fired power producers. By the end of 2022, the company had a holding capacity of 54.75gw, of which the coal holding unit was 43.70gw (79.8%), the gas generating 8.59gw, and the hydroelectric unit.
With a 50% load rate of 600mw and above, all 300mw and below have been modified to provide heat, which has increased significantly, setting themselves up to compete in the market. The subregion looks at a marked increase in the Māori rate of company operations in Shandong in 2022.
▪ The transformation of the power function under the new power system, and the valuation is expected to reshape: the market needs to rediscover the supportive power position of the new power system, which should be a “fire-store-wind” integrated, multi-complementary power system, which can be found when the wind is out of hand.
Wait, fire + storage should be replenished so that the power system maintains the dynamic balance of power supply, and fire power, because of its low-cost, weather-proof and stable properties, is also playing a role in new power systems.
An increasingly important role, and the valuation should be reshaped. Performance forecast: Yes expected, emphasis on fire power  capacity price + marketized electricity price to change the new pattern of fire power profitability since 2022: Shandong, Guizhou, etc.
The roll-out of the Fire Capacity Price Pilot, which provides profitability for the participation of Fire Power in the Deep-Technology Peak FM, has not yet been fully developed, and the coal unit under the traditional management mechanism lacks the power to provide the FLMP.
China Power International (600027): New Power Services. Since there are no technical barriers to the adaptation of coal power flexibility, it is mainly the mechanisms that do not have a fire support power that weighs the value of the system.
It's estimated that the capacity price changes the electricity price of the fire, and that in the green power market trading, the power price is going up, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Three major financial forecasts for HCI. Dong Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.