Intended energy in Kawakawa (600674.sh) - Performance is in line with the expected stock increase in Yagi River hydroelectricity: 1) 3-quarter report in 2024, resulting in a return net profit of $4.422 billion in the first three quarters, compared to the previous three quarters
Liu Xiaoning's performance has increased or benefited mainly from participation in hydropower, and financial costs have continued to decline in the context of the downward trend in the conversion of debt to equity and interest rates. \triangleright
The total profit in the three quarters of the division alone increased by $388 million on a year-on-year basis, with investment returns increasing by $334 million on a year-on-year basis, i.e., the profits of the company Zou Pei-hyun increased in the three quarters of the year mainly from the share-in investment gains of the Jai River and the River River.
The increase in electricity and electricity prices in Kawachi reflects the continued tight supply and demand of Sichuan electricity, which is intended to benefit from the future of the Yagi River and other shares over the replenishment.
\triangleright grows. It is worth noting that the power levels of the company holding hydroelectric plants are almost equal in the third quarter, with a slight increase of 0.7%, which is comparable to the trend of power generation in the third quarter of the country's declared power supply (a 1.8% increase in the same year), compared to the first half of the trend of electricity generation in the third quarter of the country's declared power supply.
The annual rate of increase has fallen sharply, presumably in Sichuan for the last three quarters of the year. In case of water erosion, the company’s hydroelectric power station has increased by 4.6% in the third quarter of the year on average, or reflects a persistently tight pattern of supply and demand for electricity in Sichuan.
By 2030, according to the Yakuza River Water and Power Proclamation, it is planned to be 23 million kilowatts of hydroelectric power installed, 20 million kilowatts of new energy \triangleright installed, and 5 million kilowatts of pumped energy reservoirs. By the end of 2023,
In 2024-2030, the company’s hydropower, new energy sources, pumping storage units or will be added to it in the range of 4, 19 and 5gw, respectively. Profit forecasts and ratings: taking into account water trends and electricity prices in Sichuan, we maintain the company’s return to its mother in 2024-2026.
Water and electricity assets are characterized by a “full-scale low-concording margin”, which, according to the portfolio theory, deserves a higher valuation, which is expected to continue to be revalued in the current context, with companies and even entire hydropower plates having long-term replacement value and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The point of \triangleright is an accurate reflection of my personal opinion about the securities and issuers.