The two-fold increase in electricity and water participation is expected to be added to the Yagi River, the Grand River, and the tri-quarter review of the 2024 energy input in Kawakian (60674.sh)
The net return on investment achieved by the Tumor Division was $4,505 million, an increase of 11 per cent over the same year; of this amount, 2,093 million yuan was 2,4q3, with water from the same area being more supportive of the company ' s profit on q3.
Leung Yonan, billion kilowatt hours, an increase of 8.46% in the same year; the price of electricity on the Internet (excluding taxes) is 0.201 yuan per kilowatt hour, and the price of electricity (excluding taxes) is 0.502 yuan per kilowatt hour, a decrease of 19.42% in the same year.
Mainly due to Guangxi’s electricity market trading policy and the January 31 list of Guangxi’s new energy source, the company has limited access to electricity at a lower price than the stock project. The Māori rate improves with lower financial costs, and the company controls the profits from hydropower.
Operating data for January-September 2024 and operating data for January-June 2024, we measured a 4.65 per cent increase in utility prices for 24q3 companies on a year-on-year basis, while generating 1.34 per cent of the same increase in electricity levels was spread over fixed costs, benefiting from lower interest rates, with 24q3 having a financial cost of $128 million, a 17 per cent decrease in the same rate.
In September, the water margins of the main basins were reduced, but as of 1 October 2024, the ferry had reached a large margin.
The water level of the river basin waterfall gulls was 841.52 metres, corresponding to 86 per cent of the water grade, which is slightly lower than the previous year, compared with 88 per cent in the same period; the water levels of the two estuaries of the Yagi River basin, the gyroscreen level and the two-basin hydropower stations were 2852.51, 1871.85 and 1199.47 metres, compared to 84 per cent, 90 per cent and 99 per cent in the same period of 23 years.
The company announces that: 1) the sum of 1,238 million yuan, of which 248 million yuan is allocated by the public administration. 2) the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum to be increased in conjunction with the national electricity and electricity. 2)
Fifteen billion yuan, of which the company is contributing $7.2 billion. The company and the country will spend more on the Yakuza River, depending on the progress of the project. Given the larger demand for water and wind integration projects in the Great Rivers and the Yakuza Rivers, we believe that the company is expected to increase its co-financing with other shareholders at this time.
The capital strength of the Great Rivers and the Yakuza Rivers, the need to secure capital for the construction of the project, and the company's long-term assessment of the company's energy resources (600674); short-term benefits from improved water availability and significant increases in medium- and long-term loads.
[Galaxy Environments] Company evaluates the potential for water improvement in 2024, and the vast scope for development of the Yakuza River. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
Downstream research. Used to work on civil securities, Pacific securities, and joined China’s Galaxy securities in January 2022.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.