Events: On 15 October, the company issued its three-quarter report for 2024.
In a single quarter, the company realized a net return of $2.20 billion, an increase of 21.55 per cent over the previous three quarters, with a sharp drop in the price of photovoltaic power. In January-September 2024, the company held a stockholding \triangleright.
(b) Photovoltaic: cumulative power generation of 226 million kilowatt-hours, 27.68 per cent; grid-connected electricity of 224 million kilowatt-hours, 28.00 per cent;
The average cost of electricity on the Internet was 0.502 yuan per kilowatt hour (including State supplementation), a 19.42 per cent decrease in the same year, influenced by the Guangxi region ' s electricity market trading policy on the one hand, and on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the 31st of January, the company with a limited access to the new energy source in Guangxi, Antama, which is below the stock project.
\triangleright, 4.88% more than in the same year, with Yagi River's investment return of 2,113 million yuan and Grand River's investment return of 147 million yuan. 1) Yaji River's investment returns are expected to continue to grow. As of 2024h1, Yajiang's investment earnings are already increasing.
Investing 19.2 million kilowatts in hydroelectrics while jointly optimizing the movement of the "one river" to effectively upgrade the Yagi River basin: water supply improvement, high-quality hydropower continued to contribute to the performance of 2024 hydroelectric storage and power generation, maximizing the efficiency of power generation at the ladder level. On 15 October, the company proposed to invest electricity with the country.
Signing of the Agreement on Replenishment of the Yakwan River Water Development Co. Ltd., which provides for a total increase of RMB 15 billion to Yakyong River Company, financed by 52 per cent of the State ' s electricity supply and shareholding: 48 per cent; one quarter evaluation in 024: improved control of hydropower performance, participation in the shares
The country spent $7.8 billion on electricity and $7.2 billion on energy. 2) The water volume of the river, 3. The energy volume of the river, 600674.sh.
Review: Performance is largely in line with expectations, the savings transition opens up growth, the company owns the river flow, tributary hydroelectric resources, and up to 24h1 countries have installed the power station 2024/01/10
As of 24h1, the capacity of the river had risen by 72.4 per cent on a year-to-year basis, exceeding the level of the tri-quarterly reporting point in 2023 for energy in the river (600674.sh), which is expected to continue to increase with improved water.
The company proposes to recapitalize the National Energy Rivers Company with national electricity, with a total of RMB 1,238 million: the increase in the price of electricity and water, and the growth of the green high-speed electricity, 2023/08/ yuan, of which the company proposes to add RMB 248 million to the National Rivers Company in proportion to its shareholding.
Investment recommendations: Corporate ownership of hydropower for water improvement, increased power generation, investment returns to performance \triangleright methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.