Precision (002475.sz) meets expectations in the third quarter, and new products will become more dynamic.
Long-term competitiveness rating: above the industry average of billions yuan, net profits increased by 43.09 to 400 million yuan on a year-on-year basis. In January-September 2019, corporate revenues increased by 65.1 per cent to 13,898 million yuan, net profits increased by 58,98 per cent to 1,082 million yuan on a year-on-year basis, and performance increased by 58,98 per cent to 1,082 million yuan on a year-on-year basis.
The three-quarter ring is growing rapidly, but profitability needs to be raised; the three-quarters major clients start production, but are affected by adverse factors such as low iphonex rates, delays in production, cold sales of iphone 8, higher costs of developing new products for the company, and better rates to be raised, although the three-quarters single-bed
The harvest was 28.6 per cent higher than in the second quarter, but the company’s profitability performance was flat in the third quarter, with the ring growing by only 4.9 per cent over the second quarter.
The iphonex rate has continued to rise, with a four-quarter boom, and a one-quarter slump in 2018: the company predicts that 1. The median estimate of a large pattern of achievement, with the company earning 650 million yuan in a single quarter of the fourth quarter, is 62.5 per cent more than in a three-quarter period.
On a quarterly basis, there was also a lack of optimism, as sales of iphone8 and 8plus were lower than expected. Under apples, 2. "Change development gains show, new business opens up " , 2017.4.20.
The industrial chain orders are fixed, and the airpower is not going to be sold until next year. Four quarters, influenced by the boom in iphonex, new products such as company antennas, airpods and acoustics are starting to work, the public sector has better manufacturing and cost-control capabilities, and the new products climb faster, we predict.
The iphonex rate is expected to make a breakthrough in the fourth quarter, a strong roll-out in the first and second quarters of next year, and corporate performance is expected to rise on a seasonal basis. Next year, the iphone new wireless charging end is expected to use a coil program, and companies are expected to benefit in depth:
Currently, the Fpc software program is used on the end of the three stars and the Apple phone wireless charger. The advantage is that it can be lighter, but the disadvantage of the fpc software program is that the charge power is difficult to increase and the heat is high. The future cell phone charge is directed towards the use of wireless fast charge, the elimination of wire charged, and the coil program is fast charging.
The advantage is clear, and it is expected that Apple’s mobile phones will be in the mainstream, and that Apple’s cell phones next year will be on a coil, and Pencil and ipad will also be expected to carry wireless chargers, with companies expected to benefit deeper. Rapid growth, high-growth type-c products, and the new business is expected to grow rapidly, keeping “buying.”
The iphonex rate did not rise as expected, the rate of new good business did not rise as well as the cost of falling as expected. The relevant report rating ratio in the market did not score, and then the average was calculated to arrive at the final rating as the average market investment
Click here to enter the text. Historical recommendation and target pricing (RMK) Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise's fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.