q3 performance is as expected, with new products released as performance drivers Summary evaluation/electronic components, 20 October, Quarterly Reports 2017: 1) the first three quarters of the year have achieved revenues of 13,898 million yuan.
A 65.14 per cent increase in the same year, a net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 1,082 million yuan, a 58.98 per cent increase in the same year, a three-quarters increase in performance, a high output-led growth in the volume of electronic products consumed, a 56.12 billion yuan gain in corporate q3, a 53.16 per cent increase in the same year, and a net profit of 40 billion yuan in the return to the mother,
3. Performance growth is mainly due to: 1) the further consolidation of consumer electronic interconnection products and shares: 2) the deployment of new operations around large clients, the volume of outputs from new products such as wireless chargers, acoustics, antennas, etc.; 3) further optimization of process processes and business processes, higher levels of automation of production, consolidation of new products, and higher Māori ratios.
In addition to the growth in the number of cellular and electronic connectors, such as lighting, turning heads, etc., the company will grow up in new operations such as acoustic modules, wireless chargers, antennas, etc., and will be in the lead-up phase in the fourth quarter.
• Research Assistant: Hu Xiaoqiang, new products such as acoustics, antennas and new products affected by prior-period production development inputs and customer pricing pressures, all year-round performance will continue to be high
In the long run, companies are active in developing new customers around the demand of their clients, new products, new businesses, and their potential for growth, with one-stop services provided by companies in motors, fpc, acoustic modules, antennas, metal structures, wireless charging, etc.
The dynamic deployment of automobile electronics and telecommunications interconnection markets, with long-line growth space, will benefit from the fast-growing new energy automobiles industry, which will benefit from the forward layout of car cords and car-structured markets, as car electronics rise in the overall car ratio.
According to the report, rapid growth in the central and communications markets, high-speed interconnections, etc., will be an important future performance for the company, with high growth in consumer electronics.
Keeping companies “strongly recommended” for ratings. 1; downstream market demand is not as good as expected; 2; new business is not as good as expected; 3; and industry competition is increasing.
tmt Research experience in 2016, Contributory Democratic Bonds. Hu Xinjiang, Research Assistant in the Electronics Industry. M.A. in Microelectronics and Solid Electronics, Beijing University, Bachelor of Microelectronics, 2016, Allied Democratic Securities.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,