The wealth management business model leads, and the management and investment industry perform well. Events: China Kim published three-quarterly reports in 2021 and earned $21,686 million in the first three quarters of 2021 (601995).
Wang Qing Dynasty’s performance in wealth management has increased, and buyers are ahead of the model industry. In the last three quarters, average daily market transactions and revenues from financial products have increased rapidly.
With a slightly oriented organizational reform, more than 20 branches of domestic wealth management operations have been transferred to middle-income wealth, and after the consolidation of the business, the middle-income wealth has been used as a subsidiary for wealth management.
Human capacity assessment, collaboration with 200 internal and external institutions, excellent product performance, corporate brokering, transition to product-oriented wealth management, upgrading the clientele phase, middle gold, scale and profitability.
The company was at the forefront of the industry in the customer-based buyer model, and as of October 2021, the evaluation of the management and wealth management 18, “Middle 50”, “Micro 50” and “a+ fund” and letters from the Central Golden World family office
In 2021, the number of clients raising funds amounted to 50%. The company, with its leading product power and service capacity, was able to invest more than 66.6 billion yuan.
Annual corporate financial product holdings and wealth management revenues are expected to double. Excellent performance, up to Roe.
Net revenue of 950 million yuan, an increase of 65.51 per cent from the same year, the company continues to enrich its product lines around its clients.
Major Developments 2020.10.10.10. Further upgrades; enhanced depth and breadth of client services, and further enhancement of customer capacity for integrated services. Mostly proactive management.
In the first three quarters, companies achieved $4,133 million in investment revenue, an increase of 22.64% over the previous three quarters, with refinancing and bond underwriting performing well.
In a market environment where the total size of the market refinancing is declining, the size of the company ' s refinancing underwriting is the same as that of the cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
14.16 per cent, fifth to second; bond financing of $5,487,761 million, compared to the same amount, it's clear that the combined strength of investment, project selection and wind control, pricing and marketing are strong against the region.
As of October 29, the company had 33 ipo projects pending, with large profit forecasts and investment proposals: the company had a high-quality customer base, management and wealth management.
The system will be richer, and the customer's stickyness will increase further. The company has a solid profitability, the stability of profits through cattle bears will always be better than that of its peers, the company will continue to push for the China-King team strategy, and the company is expected to increase its profitability and efficiency further in the future, and I will continue to lead the industry.
And expected; capital market reforms have fallen short of expectations; low self-employment performance due to large stock market fluctuations is projected in figure 5: 3q21 brokerage and wealth management revenues +31 to 4.5 billion yuan, Wang Ji Dynasty, master ' s degree in international finance, University of Duren, United Kingdom, former Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Enterprise, Yonghai Lian Lian
The Ministry ' s General Manager, who was employed in the Sino-Kinjia Portfolio, China-Changan Portfolio, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, with a Master ' s degree in non-banking finance, graduated from the University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, and worked in Taiwan ' s Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector.
Wang Jing, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, Boston University, United States of America, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, researched in the non-banking financial sector. Wen Ribang, Master of Arts, graduate in Finance, University of Gangan, worked in the Pacific Life Insurance Company Ltd., joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2021, researched in the non-banking financial sector.
Sun Szew, Master of Arts in Economics, University of Hong Kong, and Master of Economics, University of Hong Kong, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2021 to engage in small and medium-sized components that have not been, have not been or will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Suda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which were approved by the CVC. This report was produced and published by the Sinda Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.