Performance meets expectations, 14th Five is a promising event: companies released a fast-track 2020 performance report, yielding $17,6243 million in revenue during the reporting period, and performance met expectations and sales grew robustly
During the reporting period, the company ' s net sales of cement and clinker increased steadily over the same period, and the cement clinker mix continued to optimize cost rates and capital structure.
Prices fell during the rainy season; (2) coal price fluctuations led to cost increases; (3) the company non-cement trading industry experienced earlier increases in the price of cement during the season, with an increase of $30-40 per ton in the East China region and a projected increase of 77.56 per cent in the balance of Māori debt compared to the beginning of the year, indicating a good performance in cement sales.
In 2020, the cement industry showed a “slow, fast recovery and stabilization” feature, with cement production reaching 2.38 billion tons per year, an increase of 1.6 per cent over the previous year, with total annual production remaining fourth highest in history.
In terms of demand, the performance of total cement demand in 2020 in a special environment is impressive. Considering that a significant portion of the new capital projects are still unworked, real estate stocks are low.
With a central approach to macroeconomic policy continuity, stability and sustainability, it is expected that the search will remain resilient in 2021; with regard to prices, the net increase in clinker production capacity in 2020 is higher, the epidemic and the rainy season are higher.
The price of clinker is more clearly covered, driven by multiple factors such as impacts, significant increases in imported clinker, and annual performance elasticity 2020-08-26, which echoes the price increase and sustainability of clinker 2020q4 and results in low clinker prices in the beginning of 2021
So we maintain a better expectation of 2021h1 cement volume elasticity.Cement taps are now generally undervalued at a higher rate of 3-5%.
We believe that, in the context of the increased regional fragmentation of the cement market, there will be more room for re-evaluation of the Chinese and Chinese dragonheads. The expansion of operations is proceeding in an orderly manner, and the 14th Five is worth looking forward to.
The 2020h1 company is home to new production capacity and M & As projects in Tibet, Luk and Myanmar, amounting to 10,000/1.5 million tons. We believe that, operationally, the company is actively laying sandstone bones and concrete, planning from the region to the world around the "one-way" with a two-way expansion in the "XIV."
In addition, cement, which accounts for one of the more important sectors of carbon emissions, is expected to soon be the targeted carbon peak action programme and the road map. We believe that cement supplies during the 14th Five-Five-Year Period will be provided.
The implementation standards and enforcement of end-of-pipe restrictions will become more stringent; and the conversion of production lines by cement companies in conjunction with green smart technologies is also expected to be one of the most advanced and advanced ways to achieve carbon peaks, carbon neutrality, and essential. The company is one of the first and most technologically advanced companies in the cement industry.
The company, as the country’s cement industry’s landmark, the industry’s supply side reform and mineral resourceization trend, will give it a greater long-term investment value. At the same time, the company will operate from both operational and regional dimensions.
Two-way expansion, bone, concrete and overseas markets all have enormous opening space, and companies will be far larger than the present and are core assets of a cycle worth long-term configuration. We expect that corporate capital and real estate investments will be less than expected; corporate bone and concrete operations will not expand as expected, or the sea.
External business expansion is not as high as expected; policies are not being implemented as expected.
Figure 3 Māori rates and changes in net interest rates
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not had, do not have had, do not have had, and will not have received any form of direct or indirect recommendations or views in the present report.