Material materials  conch cement: steady improvement in the quality of operations, valuation for repair Events: 17,62.43 million yuan (+12.23 per cent) in 2020, net return to the mother
Under, the scarcity of mines makes the cement resource, the market will be less volatile as the concentration of the industry rises, and in the last 2-3 years and the next 2-3 years, the substantial repair of the balance sheet of the cement enterprise and the increase in profit stability will be the catalyst for the restoration of the valuation of the cement, the conch.
q4 q4 drops in prices, and performance remains robust. In 2020, the company achieved a combined sale of approximately 325 million tons of cement clinker from products, an increase of 0.7 per cent over the same period, of which q4 achieved a sale of about 96 million tons, and conch cement (600585).
In the fourth quarter, the South entered the boom, capital investment continued to recover, performance remained robust and quality of business continued to improve.
Growth; in terms of single tons, we measured the average price of q4 self-produced cement clinker at about 60585, conch cement: $340/tonne, down by about $22/t in comparison, mainly due to rains in the Yangtze Valley in June/August of this year
The strong production debt table, the value of the cement stock, the higher water weather, led to a greater recovery of prices in the eastern part of Lei Hua, and a higher price base at the beginning of q4 - 2020/08/22.
In the same period, there was a decrease; ton costs were about $168, a decline of about $20 per ton in the same year, and costs were kept low due to a decrease in coal prices and labour costs; ton Māori was about $137, which was the same year for the impact of the epidemic, with a year-round success.
The decrease of about $3 per ton is mainly due to price reversals; the full-calibre calculation of q4 tons of about $26.7 represents a slight decrease in the same year, mainly as a result of increased interest income on corporate deposits, and corporate management water equity and profitability levels remain industry leaders.
In the middle of the sea, the volume of q4 trade has grown significantly: in 2020, the volume of corporate trade was about 128 million tons, an increase of about 16.5 per cent over the same period, of which q4 sales were about 38 million tons, an increase of about 51 per cent over the same period.
The increase in the volume of clinker cement imported has increased through trade platforms. As the sea pattern has become more normal, the expansion of corporate trade has not only contributed to a steady increase in the size of corporate collections, but has also led to a significant reduction in the sales of clinker to large enterprises in the East of China, thus making the leader a leader.
Regional control of the industry has further strengthened and mitigated local price volatility in cement, smoothing the regional cycle of highly cash-flowing enterprises with a current dividends rate of about 3.9 per cent, and we note that “the trading model of pre-paid goods at the end of the reporting period reflects the strong bargaining power of the cement industry as well as the cement industry”.
The industry is in good supply and demand; in 2020, the company received about $213 billion in cash, which is significantly higher than the amount received ($176.2 billion), and by the end of the reporting period, the net operating cash flow of the company was about 34.8 billion points, and the debt structure continued to be optimized.
On the one hand, sufficient cash flows will ensure the orderly conduct of operations and the extension of the industrial chain; on the other hand, it is expected to continue to raise the dividends in the future, and the company intends to find a gold dividend of RMB 2.12 (including taxes) in 2020 for each shareholding of all shareholders, representing the net profit from the 2020 return.
By acquiring or self-building more than 9 million tons of clinker production and 1,045 million tons of cement production, real estate investment remains strong, demand is expected to remain stable and supply ends are expected to be stringent Implementation of the right peak production to maintain a tight balance of supply and demand, especially in the carbon peaks of 2030 and 2060
And "Target is guided by the fact that the cement industry, which is a large emitter of carbon, or by a new round of supply-side changes, has the advantage of size and technology and is expected to reverse the trend of rising market power; with the recovery of downstream demand after spring, cement is expected to rise seasonally, and is currently undervalued,
High-scoring red cement blocks or ready-to-repair. Less than expected, output lags slowly, supply and demand patterns vary, and prices such as coal, ore rises, resulting in higher costs.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report