The net gain was 4.6 per cent higher than the net gain, and the net gain was 4.6 per cent higher than the net gain, down from 4.6 per cent higher than the net gain.
\triangleright is 0.42 percentage points higher than the same period in the previous year. The 4.6% increase in net return relative to the previous year was mainly due to lower product costs and lower costs over time.
The combined cost of materials decreased by 4.32% over the same period. R & D costs for the reporting period increased by 650 million, or 245% over the same period, mainly as a result of higher investment by companies in ultra-low-emission technology development and green energy development projects for cement manufacture. Looking forward to 2021, with the ongoing warming of the demand for cement from real estate and infrastructure, corporate performance is expected to grow steadily as the epidemic eases.
In comparison with the trend of depth 300, the National Cement Leadership Enterprise, which will continue to benefit from a contraction in future supply and capital warming, increased by 2.3 per cent in the year 2020 at the national level, with a cumulative increase of 4.9 per cent (5.7 per cent in 2019) in the completion of investments in fixed assets.
The cumulative amount of investment in real estate development is 0.7% (10.9% in 2019), and the accumulated area of new construction is expected to continue to tighten as compared to 9.6%. The 15 professional associations of the China Building Materials Federation have jointly developed the Directory of Guidance for the Poor Production of the Construction Materials Industry.
On October 16, 2018, the State Council approved the establishment of the China (Hainan) Free Trade Test Zone and issued the China (Hainnan) Free Trade Test Zone General Program; in December 2018, the State Council officially approved the Hebei ' s General Plan for the Anghe District (2018-2035); and on August 15, 2019, the country ' s development changed.
The GRC issued the Master Plan for New Channels in the West: On 1 December 2019, the State Council issued the Outline for Integrated Development Planning for the Yangtze Delta Region. With the advance of national priority planning, represented by the China-South Free Trade Zone, the Yuan-New Zone, the West High Development and Long Triangle Integration, companies are expected to continue to benefit from steady growth in downstream demand.
The core competitiveness of the conch is the production of low-cost and low-cost \triangleright \triangleright \t's strategy in the East China region and the establishment of clinker-based stations with rich and high-quality limestone mine.
Using low transport costs for the Yangtze logistics, transporting clinkers downstream to resourceless long triangles where cement demand is strong, and building self-built residual thermal power plants to reduce electricity costs. In implementing the “t” strategy, the conch established its advantage at the end of the cost by achieving an effective control of cement tons at a cost significantly lower than the industry level (207/ton).
Another key to the rapid growth of the conch is its 6.7% cost, which is far below the average of 14.6% of mine resources (exclusivity): possession is high and the unit cost is low. In 2018, conch held mining rights of $3.9 billion, estimated at 14 billion tons, at only 0.26 tons per ton.
In the cement demand market, the cost of transporting the waterway from Wuhan to Nanjing is $22.80/tonne, the cost of the rail transport is $104.44/tonne/tonne/tonne/tonne/t$1004/t$04.44/t$1005/t$605885/t$2020. The cost of transporting the waterway is 21.83% of the railway. The acquisition of the small- and medium-scale cement plant has resulted in the conversion of the mill to a milling station: the clinker plant is locally collected.
An evaluation report on the expansion of the volume of trade in cement, with a net profit compared to the local production, would save the cost of transporting raw materials to the production site by 10-50 per cent less for the transport of cement products.
The core barriers to cement are 6.6 and 6.3 times higher than the cost of excellence. The current construction materials industry is valued at an average of 15 times that of companies, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Summary of company financial statement data projections Yang Jian: Together with the Department of Chemicals of the University of Nanjing, University of Rutgers, United States of America, Ph.D. (Earth exploration and information technology, calculation of the direction of chemical and hydrocarbon resources), undergraduate specializing in geochemistry. Joined in October 2014 with the People ' s Biological Securities, industrial research on the direction of petrochemical, building materials, 2015.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.