Tail cement (600585.sh)/building materials are well run, with a net profit of 3.3170 billion in carbon and non-repatriation in the long term, an increase of 1.40 per cent over the same period.
52.559 billion, or 12.9 per cent over the same period; a net return profit of 10,411 million, or 6.5 per cent over the same period; a net profit of 9,758 million over the same period, or 2.4 per cent over the same period. In addition, the company plans to find a gold dividend of $2.12 per share, or 31.98 per cent of the red ratio.
There was a small increase in the company ' s sub-business: according to the sub-business, the company ' s own-producing cement business earned 96.126 billion, the low sign 32.5 cement earned 13.24 billion, a decline of 33.28 per cent from the same year, the low sign cement sales, a growth of 4.41 per cent from the same year, and the osteoporosis business earned 1,025 million, an increase of 0.24 per cent from the same year.
Cement prices have slowed down the main business performance: national cement production has increased cumulatively by 1.6 per cent over the reporting period, up by 2.7 pct over the three-quarter period. q4 national cement sales have entered the season, capital investment has led to a revival of cement sales. Companies have sold 325 million tons of cement clinker self-products throughout the year, a year-on-year increase.
Two battalions experienced a slight excess of expectations, a steady increase in performance, a positive recovery in the quarter, which was strongly supported by the growth in cement sales. The long-term value was highlighted by the steady growth in 3q3 performance in the Yangtze Valley in the third quarter.
Higher precipitation led to a marked reversal in cement prices, with a sharp fall in the price of q4 cement. The company performed well throughout the year, with a long-term choice of product holdings of $324.9 per ton, down 3.4 per cent from the same year. The fall in cement prices was a drag on the company’s main business.
5 1st quarter performance has not changed year-round growth in 7 major camps, trade operations have had an impact on profitability, lower costs have led to an increase in the Māori rate of cement operations, and very good cash flow from companies: companies have been in the reporting period.
The combined Māori rate was 29.2 per cent, down 4.1 per cent from the same year, and the net interest rate was 19.9 per cent from the same year. The combined increase was 0.8 pct; the clinker business rate was 42.9 per cent from the same year.
There has been a slight increase in the Māori rate of the mud business. Tons of cement clinker cost to the company was $170.5, a decrease of $4.33 per cent, Māori to the same period last year, a decrease of $3.90, which is still the highest in history.
The rates were 2.3 per cent, 2.4 per cent, -0.9 per cent, respectively, and 0.5 per cent, 0.6 per cent and 0.0 per cent respectively. In addition, the net operating cash flow of companies during the reporting period was $34.797 billion, the combined cash and property in the balance sheet was over $89 billion, the cash flow was excellent, and sufficient cash flows helped future companies to pass horizontally.
Production capacity has been steadily expanding and the vanguard has been firmly established: in 2020, the company will be able to produce 9 million tons of new clinker, 10.45 million tons of water, 3 million tons of mud, 1.2 million cubic metres of bone and commercial mix, and further consolidate its capacity. In 2021, the company will further expand on the layout of bone and concrete operations, with a belt.
In addition, the cement industry, guided by carbon neutrality and targets, or faced with a new supply-side reform, companies have a layout for ultra-low-emission technologies and green energy projects for cement production, and future investment proposals: in the medium and long term, the cement industry faces a downward demand constraint, with supply side effects over the past few years.
But we believe that the conch's cost advantage, the industrial chain's advantage, and the financial advantage still exist, so that the conch is expected to achieve a moderate increase in the pool at the bottom of the industry in the future, thus restoring a higher level of profitability in the next up-cycle. And the conch is higher.
The rate of dividends also highlights its long-term value, which is an excellent cash cow. Investors are advised to look at it as long as it is long. Maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Candidacy coupons
The stock market is based on 300 indexes of depth; the new three-board market is marked by three indexes (for the subject of the transfer of the agreement) or three-board market indexes (for the market).
The Hong Kong market is based on the Morgan Stanley China Index and the United States stock market on the standard 500 index or the NASDAQ composite index (except as otherwise indicated).
Credit card.