The combined net sale of cement and clinker amounts to 453 million tons, same as the combined net sale of cement and clinker.
1) 2020q3 and q4 Cement prices did not perform as expected; 2) Coal price fluctuations contributed to raw materials.
To 170.75 ton, production performance indicators continue to be optimized. Cost rates and capital structure continue to optimize 9 million tonnes of new clinker production, 1,045 tonnes of cement production and bone production capacity in 2020
3 million tons, or 1.2 million cubic metres of commercial concrete production. At the end of the reporting period, the company was able to produce 262 million tons of clinker, 369 million tons of cement production, 58.3 million tons of bone production, and 58.3 million tons of commercial concrete.
This represents an increase of 16.47 per cent over the same year; trade revenue of $41,068 million, an increase of 7.09 per cent over the same year; and an increase of 245.40 per cent over the same year, mainly as a result of higher investment in the costs of ultra-low-emission technology development and cement production by subsidiaries.
1. “Performance quick: performance meets expectations, capital expenditure is projected to increase by 10 %, and ahead of schedule against a “carbon neutral” background.
2. Quarterly Review: Rapid growth in revenue collection, with companies planning annual net sales of cement and clinker (excluding trade) of 325 million tons in 2021, which is almost the same, with a small increase in the cost of ton products and a stable cost of ton products.
This expenditure (in terms of “cash paid for the purchase of fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets”) 3. Conch Cement: a cycle of nuclear expenditure with solid barriers, with an expected additional clinker capacity of 1.8 million tons and a cement capacity of 6.8 million tons throughout the year.
As one of the more carbon-emitting sectors, cement is expected to become carbon peaks, carbon neutrals and essentials, as we believe that the implementation standards and enforcement of supply-side constraints will become more stringent during the “14th Five-Year” period; and the conversion of production lines by cement enterprises in the context of green intelligence technologies is expected to become carbon peaks, carbon neutrals and essentials.
The company, one of the oldest and most technologically advanced companies in the cement industry, with its pre-eminence, will benefit fully from the wave of green and green times. The company, as the country’s cement industry’s landmark, is a supply-side reform and mineral resourceization trend.
At the same time, the company has a two-way expansion from business and regional dimensions, a huge opening space for bone, concrete and overseas markets, and the company will be far larger than the present and a core asset of the cycle that deserves long-term allocation.
Investments in infrastructure and real estate have fallen short of expectations; corporate bone and concrete operations have not expanded as expected, or offshore operations have not expanded as expected; and policies have not been implemented as vigorously as expected.
Figure 2 Quarterly net profit and rate of increase. Chart 3 Quarterly Māori rate and net interest rate changes. Chart 4 Quarterly Roe changes.
Figure 5 Quarterly cost rate changes in chart 6 Quarterly net present ratio changes in chart 8 Quarterly inventory and accounts receivable swing days
Chart 9 shows the proportion of the company ' s main product composition: by means of legally compliant information, the report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only.