The overall performance of chemical agents/chemicals/pharmaceuticals is expected to be stable.
As of December 23, 2021, the company’s operations covered the entire pharmaceutical chain and were dominated by the pharmaceutical industry, while expanding the pharmaceutical business and the medical-American industry.
Research, production and marketing in the field of slow-disease drugs and special medications have covered the core product pipelines, mainly in the areas of chronic renal disease, immunisation, endocrine, digestion systems, with a number of first-line clinical drugs with market advantages in the country.
Project collaboration has focused on innovative medicines and high-tech barriers to the development of generic medicines in the three core areas of treatments against tumours, endocrines, and self-immunisation. Companies have grown steadily over the last four years.
The market for diabetic drugs is wide-ranging, and the share of the market for corporate innovation-type sugar drugs is 170 million people a year. The global market for diabetes drugs is nearly $70 billion by 2020 and will reach $10.91 billion by 2030; the market for diabetic drugs in China has reached its size by 2020.
63.2 billion yuan, which will reach $167.5 billion by 2030. In the field of diabetic drugs, the company has three dimensions of imitation + innovation + biomagnostics, and existing and subsequent upgrades cover alpha-sugar enzyme inhibitors, dpp-4i, sglt-2i, glp-1r (human insulin high-glycerine samples-1).
House No. 2 Building No. 1 China's Great Wall Assets Building 12 receptors) agonists and glp-1r and gipr (glucose dependent insulin polyreceptors) multiple clinical mainstream targets such as agonists, insulin and their analogues.
The company Acapo sugar product has experienced a greater decline in income, but with the change in our guidelines for diabetes control, the treatment status of the innovative mechanism sugar drug will either increase or become more prominent in clinical treatment, and the company will benefit fully from the expansion of the market share of the innovative mechanism sugar drug.
The market for oncology drugs has shifted towards targeting, immunotherapy, and the company's ovarian cancer adc drugs are worth waiting. Frost Sullivan expects that China's market for oncology drugs will grow along the same path as the global market for oncology drugs, and will focus on target direction and immunotherapy in the future.
Drugs account for the largest share of China's market for oncological drugs, accounting for 63.40 per cent of the total market share by income. From 2020 to 2030, the absolute size of the market for chemotherapy drugs is expected to shrink.
The treatment and oncological treatment will together account for about 85.8 per cent of the Chinese market for oncological drugs, and in recent years the company has been active in the field of anticancer control through various forms of autonomous research and development, external introduction, and cooperative development.
Wardeney and the world's first adc drug for fra-positive ovarian cancer. The company's key one-arm clinical trial for ovarian cancer reached the main research endpoint in the United States, with an objective mitigation rate of 32.4% and a median mitigation duration of 5.9 months.
Good tolerance is expected to be submitted in the United States in the first quarter of 2022 for a biological product permit (bla). As the world’s first candidate for adc for fra-positive ovarian cancer, Mirvetuximab is expected to bring in new ovarian cancers expressed in fra high and resistant to platinum.
At the same time, the company is actively promoting clinical preparations for the drug in China, and has now completed the first test-taker’s grouping and delivery of the drug. Building an international medical beauty platform that will enable the company’s medical and aesthetic operations to take place in the future.
The company focused on the global medical market, using Sinclair, a fully-owned subsidiary of the United Kingdom, as a global operating platform for medical-American business. Since the company’s successful takeover of the United Kingdom’s Sinclair in 2018, it has followed up with equity investments and external exchanges.
The introduction of new high-tech products and new technologies in the field of medicine and beauty on a global scale has been actively pursued in a variety of ways.
In particular, in the field of medical and US fillings, the company already owns a large number of industrial core products, including boulic acid, gel protein stimulators, and bottox, of which the female needles were marketed in China in August this year, and by the end of the third quarter they had received 100 million yuan in advance.
As the epidemic’s restrictions are reduced, the company’s medical-American business continues to grow rapidly. The Sinclair Department achieved operating income of £5306 million (including Spanish Hightech) in the first three quarters of 2021 (approximately £473 million), an increase of 121.4% over the same period, of which the Sinclair own camp.
The company continues to accelerate progress and market expansion in the clinical registration of core medical and aesthetic products, both domestically and internationally. Multi-potential products are expected to be marketed within and outside the country by 2025, bringing new growth dynamics to the globalized medical and aesthetic business of the public.
In recent years, companies have continued to increase their research, the impact of the epidemic has declined, and in the first three quarters of 2021, the company spent 904 million dollars on research and development.
D. The development of a research and development biosphere for Chinese medicine: including investment in multi-platinum technology platforms, Chongqing gold organisms, antibodies focused on immuno-related diseases, Nolin creatures with adc connectors and myths, incubating the entire product line for the development of adc toxic ingredients.
A multi-platform company, Doyle, has invested in the global market for diabetic drugs for years with a rich and comprehensive pipeline of products from the United States, which is the only global platform with the power to produce highly selective hydroxyl radical branches of polymers.
The market share of innovative mechanism-type diabetic drugs has expanded; at the same time, companies are actively engaged in research and development and are now equipped with research and development capabilities for all the adcs, and the innovation plate is well on its way to the development of varieties; the subsidiary ' s annual income is expected to reach the best level in history, and the company ' s medical and aesthetic business can be expected to continue in the future.
This covers, for the first time, the “buy-in” rating given to the company.
Founded in 1993, and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in December 1999, China East Medicine Co. Ltd. has grown over 20 years into a large, integrated pharmaceutical listing company that combines pharmaceutical research and development, production, and distribution. The company’s operations cover the entire pharmaceutical chain and are dominated by the pharmaceutical industry, while expanding the pharmaceutical business and the medical-American industry.
Based on a patient-centred corporate philosophy, dedicated to becoming an international branded drug driven by scientific innovation, the pharmaceutical industry is deeply involved in research and development, production and marketing in the fields of specialized, slow-disease drugs and special medications, covering core product pipelines, mainly in the areas of chronic kidney disease, transplant immunization, endocrine, digestive systems and many of the best markets in the country.
At the same time, the company has focused its research and development efforts on innovative drugs and high-tech barriers in the three core areas of anti-cancer, endocrine and self-immunization therapy, including through autonomous development, external introduction, project collaboration, etc. The company has continued its work on international product registration, international certification, conformity evaluation, etc., and has produced results that are internationally oriented towards the pharmaceutical industry.
System. This study focuses on the fields of endocrine, tumor resistance and self-immunisation of the pharmaceutical industry plates.
Datotocin was placed on the market in 2015 and injected with acetic carpofin was listed in November 2020 for net Finn, injected with the sodium meccafen, etc., and injected with the sodium mecafen was listed in June 2021.
Anti-cancer anthrax, anti-septic sorghums, injection sites are mainly the product of the Myvartini and ovarian cancer adc drugs.
The application for treatment of stomach and pancreas cancer in the study product dr3003, pre-ind has received cde feedback, and a clinical trial will be launched in China after approval in 2022 in the ind.
The company ' s pharmaceutical business has four main lines of business: Chinese medicine, medical equipment, medicinal material, and the healthy industry, covering the entire spectrum of pharmaceutical flows, including pharmaceutical wholesales (public medical, private medical, retail pharmacies, commercial distribution), retail medicines, third-party medical logistics with a cold chain, pharmaceutical electricians, pharmaceutical services (hospital value-added services), market expansion and health of characteristics.
The company is the leading and powerful major pharmaceutical commercial service provider in Zhejiang province and has for many years been in the top 10 pharmaceutical business enterprises in China. Eleven regional subsidiaries have been set up in Zhejiang province, covering 11 local and 90 regional counties in the province.
The company's medico-American operations, using the strategy of “Globalizing Operating Layouts, Double Cycle Business Development”, focused on the development, production and sale of the latest products and instruments in the area of management, which have resulted in a mixed product mix of differentiated and transparent sodium sodium acids, glyphs, protein stimulants, a type of meat toxin, plant wires, skin kinetic energy, energy-source equipment, and integrated product clusters that have achieved nothing but nothing.
Micro-inventive medical-American industry chains are well-developed. The company’s medical-American business, which has a fully-owned subsidiary, Sinclair, Spain’s Heightech, and the participating companies, R2 in the United States, Kylane in Switzerland, as well as five production bases in the Netherlands, France, the United States, Switzerland and Bulgaria, brings together the core products of global medical-American leading science and technology, and has been listed in over 60 countries and territories.
John, “China’s flagship companies are worth 100% of the value”, “China’s gold cow companies are 100% of the value.” In 2020, he was awarded the second “New Wealth Best Listed Company”, “The Pharmaceutical Industry is 100% in 2019”, “China’s Chemical Pharmaceutical Industry Industries 100% in 2020”, “Zejiang Local Private Enterprises 50% of the value”, “China’s Services Enterprises 500” and other honours and awards.
For many years, he has been on the list of the top 500 in China, and figure 1: the company's three major business plates.