Shanghai Airport (60009) Transport replacement of duty-free contracts, reduced bargaining power, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Incidents: 1 company issued a performance loss announcement for 2020; 2 companies signed a supplementary agreement with Shanghai, Japan, for the transfer of rights to the free shop project. (Same-60 per cent), with domestic passenger traffic falling by 31.9 per cent in the same year and international + regional passenger traffic falling in the same year.
13.3-14.1 billion, or $4.98 billion in 2019, of which companies confirmed that tax-free shop rental income was adjusted for the 2020-2025 tax-free contract calculation and that the airport ' s bargaining power was reduced. The old duty-free contract in 2018 was a model for the sharing of the base and the sales, while the new tax-free contract was changed to: when the international passenger flow was in the 2019s.
80% of volume, sales share; 80% of international passenger flow > 2019 > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > . Overall, the tax-free revenue from Shanghai airport is no longer tied to tax-free sales, but only to international passenger traffic. 1 > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > .
For the benchmark, it is linked to the actual international flow, with a passenger flow/area adjustment factor added. 2 When the flow is high, the minimum amount of the deposit is the same as the 2018 agreement, but the tax-exempt income is changed from the floor to the ceiling and becomes a fixed-rent contract when the flow is fully restored and no longer has a tax-free sale upwards.
In the short term, the recovery of international passenger flows is uncertain, and access to duty-free off-island, inner-city shops, etc. is reduced from reliance on airport traffic, and the ability to negotiate tax-free rents at airports is reduced. In the medium term, the pressure on airport tax-exempt income under the new contract is due to the recovery of its own flows, while the per capita tax-free sales are not increasing.
1. Shanghai Airport (60009): Performance is at the bottom of the line, and after attention is paid, the test is a reflection of the substantially reduced bargaining power of the airport.
The commercial logic of sales can play a fundamental role in the next round of tax-exempt negotiations in 2026. 2. Shanghai airport (60009): The price of the scarce resource of high-quality airport traffic due to an over-expected epidemic will return to reasonable pricing. Shanghai airport is expected to return to 2020-2022.
3. Shanghai Airport (2020-03-29): q4 cost increases slightly higher than expected and the impact of the epidemic does not change its long-term value
The supplementary agreement redefines the tax-exempt business income calculation model for 20-25 years.
Recovering international passenger traffic: 1 When the actual annual passenger flow is less than 80 per cent of the international passenger population in 2019 (equivalent to 3081,000 people), the actual monthly sales rise = per capita contribution x the actual international passenger current × passenger flow adjustment factor x area adjustment factor.
Of which: “per capita contribution” is set at $135.28 per capita per year by reference to the 2019 level of per capita contribution (unit price* actual deduction), the “passenger flow adjustment factor” is based on the ratio of actual international passenger flows per month to actual international passenger flows of the same month of 2019, from less than 30 per cent to more than 120 per cent, and the “area adjustment factor” is derived from the ratio of the actual area of operation to the total area of the duty-free area.
Between 10 per cent and more than 70 per cent of the total number of duty-free sites are subject to different coefficients ranging from a high to a low decline, and when the actual area of operation is zero, the area adjustment factor is zero.2 When the actual annual passenger flow is higher than 80 per cent of the international passenger population in 2019 (equivalent to 3081,000 people), the monthly fees are “collected”
The receipt of the monthly base sales raise = 12 months of the current year's base sales, in which the term “floor sales advance” is determined in the following order:
If the actual international passenger flow (x) in the current year is greater than the corresponding minimum annual passenger flow zone in the following table, then the corresponding annual base sales in the current year are raised; if the actual international passenger flow (x) in the current year is less than the corresponding minimum passenger flow area in the next table, the corresponding annual bottom sales in the X region are raised.
If the actual international passenger flow (x) of the year after 2022 is in the corresponding area between 2019 and 2021, the formula used to calculate the annual base sales for the year is: annual base sales up = corresponding annual bottom sales up × (1+24.1 %)
Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.