The company operates from domestic and international air transport companies.
At the same time, because of the effects of the epidemic, the Shanghai airport and China, and the ground security services provided by passengers, the rental airport was exempted from signing supplementary agreements for tax-free operations, and sales for the period 2021-2025 were re-arranged.
Air operations, commercial and office premises, domestic trade: advertising, freight forwarders, agents, proxy companies affected by the epidemic, loss for the first time: affected by the epidemic, the company reduced part of the aviation bill last year
Reconciling inspection operations, long-distance passenger terminals, garage administration and parking, and granting deductions for rent related to non-public SMEs; the most significant impact on profits is the decline in tax-exempt income, with companies entering into supplementary tax-exempt agreements with China due to the fact that the epidemic is a force majeure factor, reporting period
Intra-firm tax-free shop rental income totalled $1,156 million, a significant decline from $5.21 billion in 2019, debt payments and cross-equity presentations:
In the new agreement, because of the uncertainty caused by the epidemic, the method of presentation is divided into two categories according to the level of international passenger recovery:
Scenario 1: When the actual international passenger flow for the month was less than 80 per cent of the actual international passenger flow for the corresponding month of 2019, the actual monthly sales rise = the per capita contribution for 19 years ($135.3/person) x the actual international passenger flow x the passenger flow adjustment factor x the area adjustment factor.
This indicator has smoothed the income curve at Shanghai Airports, guaranteeing a certain amount of income even when international passenger flows are low. In case 2: when actual international passenger flows were greater than 80% in the corresponding month of 2019,
The tax-exempt revenue from Shanghai Airport during the implementation of the supplementary agreement is mainly linked to international passenger traffic: compared to the previous model, sales under the new model are raised to a warranty system, and the amount of the guaranteed income is only equal to the amount of the guaranteed income.
The actual number of international passengers is related and no longer benefits from an increase in the unit price; at the same time, the lower income limit under the original agreement becomes the upper income limit under the new agreement. Shanghai airport can be considered to be limited to the great uncertainties caused by the epidemic, with some compromise on the formulation model.
The source of financial prosperity in the East is expected to have greater uncertainty about tax-free income in 2021, but it will be significantly higher than in 2020: the new crown epidemic will not improve overnight. We believe that Shanghai Airport actually did it most of the time in 2021.
The number of passengers will remain below 80% for the same period in 19 years, so tax-exempt income will be calculated using scenario 1. Since the passenger flow adjustment factor and area adjustment factor are not disclosed, and there is uncertainty about the recovery of international passenger traffic, it is difficult to accurately estimate the tax-exempt income from Shanghai Airport in 2021.
After 2022, it is expected that the international route will be largely restored, and companies will be able to secure the base income. In the long run, the new agreement will help to preserve the airport’s access advantages: the new deal’s drums compared to the original agreement.
To encourage duty-free businesses to increase the volume of sales through the airport, because in the event of a capping, if the tax-free shop can raise the amount of sales substantially, it can earn a much larger profit than the original agreement, and in this case it is more motivated to sell through the big airport. In the context of the epidemic, the airport, by giving up.
Some of the short-term benefits and long-term advantages of maintaining one’s own channels are already the best option available. Shanghai airport has always been the main entry point for our international passengers, and its channel position on the tax-exempt industry chain is as strong as ever, but given the great uncertainty about future performance under the new agreement and the lack of continuity of the epidemic.
Shanghai Airport (60009): The tax-free supplementary agreement has led to a decline in income, but it has helped to preserve the advantages of the channel, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Tung Hing Securities Company, Shanghai Airport, 600009: Tax-exempt supplementary agreement leads to a decline in income, but it helps to maintain the advantage of the channel.
Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Master of Financial Mathematics, five years of experience in investment studies, formerly at the Open Securities Development Research Centre, Research Assistant Profile, Transport Industry Studies.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.