Short-term disruptions to performance, reversal of Māori rates in and out of the interior of China automobiles (600741.sh) Investment Incident Corporation published its semi-annual report for 2022, which enabled the company to start its business in the first half of 2022.
The company's plant is located in Shanghai, and production is more affected by the regional outbreak of the second quarter, adding down-to-town customers to stop working during the outbreak, and the company's income is short-term pressure and the ring is much lower than it is.
Specifically, in the first half of the year, the company achieved business income of 45.919 billion yuan, an increase of 4.98 per cent over the 4.98 per cent, a rise of 11,625 million yuan in functional items, an increase of 2.05 per cent over the same period, and a decrease of 7.2 per cent in the cumulative sales of the two industries in the first half of the year.
The company’s earnings have risen, and the dominant advantage has been shown. With the return to normal production in Shanghai, it is expected that Qin’s income margins will continue to improve.
The company achieved a net return of 2.518 billion yuan, a decrease of 7.78 per cent from the same year. 2022h1 achieved significant gains in intelligence and electric transformation, with a rapidly expanding downstream client base. The company promoted intelligentness, the development of electrical components and product development while balancing its traditional advantages.
In this case, the cell vital signs monitor radars, electric gate radars, angular radars, and pre-radars.
A partial supply point for cars, passenger vehicles, Wall cars, Gilly cars, Combine cars, Cars on board, Chi-Ri-Cars, Air General Mitsubishi, etc.; 4d imaging-mm wave radar to deliver small quantities of items related to Amido-Import; millions of pixels for smart car light interactive systems
dlp digital headlights, end-and-end digital interactive taillights and control system lightingmaster products are participating in the development of a new generation of smart cars, high-coupled cars; first-ever slim module technology (extremely open lighting system) lead product has successfully achieved U.S. General Cadillac lyrio electric power.
Quantities of vehicles, slim-type products have been applied to upper-air, upper-air passenger vehicles, car-related car types; power-driven systems fully guarantee the total production and timely delivery of the German Volkswagen Global Motors Platform (meb) System with a steady production and implementation of Global Motor Vehicle Platform (bev3)
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
The Institute is now primarily responsible for research by the Automotive Industry Group.