The Chinese automobile (600741) is growing in a positive way, and research and development is accelerating the landing of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Q2 performance is delayed by the epidemic. The company’s operations cover car interior and interior accessories, features, metal formations and moldings, electronics, heat processing, etc., with a ratio of 22h1 battalion receipts of 67%/17%/8%/4%/0.4%, respectively. 22q2 is affected by the Shanghai epidemic, and core customers are on board the general public, upper gas utility, upper car sales are equal to the ratio.
Q2 performance is affected, but the company actively balances “anti-epidemiology” and “stable business” and basically achieves the year’s “half-time, half-task” goal, reflecting a stronger resilience to risk. The neutralization strategy continues. The company actively develops new external customers, car interiors, seat skeletons, security.
Airbags, conveyor axes, etc., Global platform-related vehicle types such as BMW, Beijing Mercedes, Volvo, Auxiliary supply: auto interiors, electric-powered aluminium casings, drive axes, front side racks, brake-card clamps, headlights, electric air conditioning compressors, etc., relevant vehicle types such as Tesla, Urai, Biadi, Ping, Mi, etc.
Auxiliary supply: Automobile lamps, turners, transmission axes, air conditioning compressors, etc., have been supplied partially by the Great Wall, wide passenger vehicles, Chirí, Gilly, etc. 22h1 non-uploading account for 49.4% of customers ' income, up 1.4 pp from the same period the previous year, with continuous diversification and optimization of the client structure.
Electrodynamic, intelligent accelerated R & D landings. The company has covered the entire product line of the millimetre wave radar, all of which have received full vehicle project fixation, 4d imaging millimetre wave radar achieves a small supply of items related to the friendly path of intelligence; products such as the smart seating system, the smart interior surface, the smart car light interactive system, the new energy power-driven system, etc.
To achieve a target or delivery that will lead to the completion of the national production replacement of the core component power semiconductor module and chip, and step by step to enhance supply-chain security. Overall, corporate electricization and intelligent new products accelerate research and development to the ground and will become new growth points in corporate business in the future.
Volkswagen vehicles (600741); excellent customer and product structure, $2.77, with a combined gain of 10.5 per cent over the next three years, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
And the risks expected; the price volatility risks of raw materials; and the risk that new products will not be developed as fast as expected. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.