The performance met expectations, with sales expanding ahead of the industry \triangleright ranking first, with one- or two-line core layouts coming to power throughout the first half of 2023.
One billion yuan, followed by 16.6 billion yuan in Central Haiti. As a result of the heat of the housing market in the first quarter, demand was released and the price of home purchases in the second quarter cooled, with 12.27 billion yuan in full-calibre sales, an increase of only 2.7 per cent compared with the corresponding figure.
The investment has continued to focus on the second-line cities. As of June 2023, Paulie's development interests were \triangleright s01012208002
In the first half of 2023, the company took six cases in the first line of cities, including two in Shanghai, three in Beijing and two in Hiroshima.
1 in the Länder; 17 in the second-line cities, mainly in the cities of Fertilizer, Chengdu and Suzhou; and 1 in the first quarter of 2023 in the development of Poli (600048.sh) 6 in the cities, mainly in Guangdong.
On June 28, 2023, the company \triangleright 2. Paulie Development (600048.sh) reported in 2022:
• Investment proposal: the company, as the leader of the company, continues to expand new sources of financing at the financing end, adding \triangleright at the investment end
4. Pauly Development (600048.sh) In-depth report: Obtaining a core project for a second-line central city with sufficient confidence at the end of the sales line. We predict a combination of internal growth and confidence-building support sales back in spring-20.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.