The profits of the permanent electronics q4 have increased by 40%, and there has been a significant increase in the supply of credit and industry inputs.
Business q4 accounts for 2.766 billion yuan (+16.40%), which is still growing steadily at the end of the epidemic as a result of the financial digital transformation.
For the year, $517 million), o4 non-recurrent earnings ($315 million (2021o4, 108 million), a significant increase compared to the previous year, q4 net return to the mother of $1,076 million (+37.89 per cent) achieved rapid growth, performance bonds were more heavily invested and there was sufficient medium- and long-term demand.
Issuance of the three-year Internet and Information Security Upgrade Plan (2023-2025) for comments, requiring qualified coupons to invest an average of not less than 8 per cent of the average net profit or an average of 8 per cent of the average profit over the next three years
Less than 60%. A policy-driven industry is expected to enter a new cycle of replacement and upgrading, requiring clarity over the medium to long term, while capital market reforms, full registration roll-out, etc., will continue to release dividends, and companies, as industry leaders, are expected to benefit fully.
The peak input will continue, the credit ratio of the financial pilot institutions will increase further, and industry will accelerate the pace of procurement.
It's on the standard market price of 31 January 2023, and it's on scale. In addition, corporate control is expected to continue, and profit elasticity is expected to be a constant electronic: the growth pace is disturbed, and the second half of the year is expected to recover.
"Hongsin Electronics: Growing Product Boundaries " , Golden Dragons, "Hongsin Electronics: q3 Establishment of Trailpoints, Financial Support Growth Bonds " , less than expected; and product diffusion less than expected.
New Beginnings 20221027 S.H.I.S.I.S.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Computer: software development