Increased threshold for technical input of securities dealers, with a strong impact on the new hit poles, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Incidents: CIECA has sent to the securities broker a three-year review of the Internet and Information Security Enhancement Plan (hereinafter referred to as " the Plan " ) to encourage conditional securities providers to invest an average amount of less than 8 per cent of the average net profit or 6 per cent of the average operating income over the next three years, and to actively promote the development of a new generation of core systems.
The importance of moving forward with the transformational upgrade of the core system’s technological architecture is highlighted by the fact that the bond firm’s share of inputs has increased at the hard threshold. According to the previous Guidance for Information Technology Governance in Securities Futures Businesses (pilot), the securities firm has been in the past three fiscal years.
In principle, the average amount of the input should not be less than 6% of the average net profit for the last three fiscal years, or less than 3% of the average operating income for the last three fiscal years. The Plan requires that the average amount of the investment in information technology for the next three years be not less than 8% of the average net profit or 6% of the average operating income.
The quantitative threshold catalytic effect is limited, and the Plan places greater emphasis on the importance of increasing its input, which fell short of the Plan ' s threshold of only three securities companies in 2021; 2) middle-end-seller will increase its input in search of differentiation.
The top 24-scale and very few tailers have higher-than-average inputs, with a clear “first-heavy-footing” feature, and policies are driving the system of financial institutions to speed up, and the middle-end will continue to increase its input as an important means of seeking differentiated competition.
• The transformation of the financial innovation + distributed technology architecture, which drives the upgrading of core systems. The older generation of systems is becoming more difficult to meet the demands of financial innovation in terms of their functionality and efficiency of handling. The transition to distributed technology architecture is the core demand of financial institutions at the moment. Moreover, driven by both policy guidance and industry demand, finance
The IT system extends from managing office systems to general and core business systems. In the light of the new wave of national production substitution and distributed structural transformations in the financial institutions core system, it is expected that a new round of accelerated replacement upgrades will take place.
• New electronics products are highly effective at landing poles and are fully benefiting from capital market developments. The company securities core uf3.0 trading system is now working together with a number of dealers, including Eastern securities, offerrs, Chinese securities, Shanxi securities, Chinese securities, etc.: the financial management system o45 is well on the line.
In our view, 1) Despite the delay in implementing delivery due to the impact of the 2022 epidemic, the roll-out of o45 and uf3.0 has been slightly slower than expected at the beginning of the year, the Huatai and Eastern Securities Projects have had a strong stick, which has been accompanied by continued recovery, and the pace of the company ' s new landings in 2023 will be increased on a quarterly basis.
Rapid recovery, followed by growth, is to be expected. 2) Financialit systems require long-term wear and tear between financial companies and manufacturers (600570): capital market reform booms, high levels of customer stickyness, stable industry patterns, constant use of centralized trading system cornerstones, etc.
At the top of the tide, the persistence (2022-12-03), according to the strategic heights, is expected to achieve a smooth migration of capacity that will benefit fully from the major developments in capital markets.
The company’s core business system has a clear advantage, with stable customer resources, a rich product line, a high degree of specialization, a promising level of subsequent orders, and elasticity of profits.
Risk: Risk of fair-value fluctuations in financial assets, etc. Financial itt has a long hair (2022-04-08) 2022q1 calculus adjusted for business classification according to changing customer demand dimensions, but there is no new industry
Yes. In order to maintain consistency with the speed increase, we still use the 2021 classification caliber to make prediction assumptions: 1) Large retailit business: domestic capital markets are still in the early stages of development and, as the reforms continue to deepen, bond dealers are expected to continue to increase their input into it; for new products, uf3.0 and the new generation of fund registration clearing systems are on-line.
2) Large-scale management of IT operations: As newly signed clients move forward, newly signed clients ' systems are built, and we (3) data risk and infrastructure operations are completed: the data center layout is very ambitious in the long run, companies have well-developed products, and now wind-based business construction is still in the initial stages, involves more customized scenarios, projects are more invested and standardized
4) Banking and industrial operations: As the business lines of the merged and acquired Finastra summit and opics financial management systems are moving forward: the digital transformation of supply chain finance is gradually deepening and will result in a new order build-up of banking and industrialit operations, I 5) Internet innovation: Internet innovation business is a vertical and forward-looking layout of the company's operations, projected
6) Non-financial operations: In addition to focusing on the strategic positioning of system providers of financial institutions, companies will also be driving the sectoral spatial growth dividend in the non-financial sector; and, along with initiatives such as continuous business expansion, technological upgrading and international movement of companies through M&As, we believe that progress in the corporate finance sector is expected to accelerate, further increase the growth space, and sustain it.
No compensation of any kind has been, will not be, and will not be, obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.