:: Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) of q4 north-highly affected by the epidemic, with revenue in line with expectations; significant cost control effectiveness
1.q4 operating income of $2.77 billion, an increase of 16.5 per cent over the same year.q4 companies are operating in the city north, up and deep, with the impact of the epidemic on the pace of implementation and revenue recognition, which rises at a pace commensurate with expectations.
Gains from changes in the fair value of assets have declined significantly over the same period last year. Corporate prices compared to the trend of 300 deep, the main reason for the increase in net profit from non-return in 3.2022 was that companies had better control over cost
4. Detailed calculations show that share payments in the first half of the year affected $9.238 million; the impact of depreciation amortization was calculated in the second half of 2021: the impact of depreciation amortization on additional costs in 2022).
It is calculated that the net profit from the non-repatriation of the same calibre has increased by about 33%, which is higher than the rate of income growth, and thus the effectiveness of corporate cost control has been significant. Operations have been well under way since the outbreak recovered in 2023; financial innovation has continued, o45 has continued and financial letters have been maintained.
At the same time, the growth of corporate performance is driven by continued corporate cost-reducing efficiency gains, with expected profits rising faster than expected than financial innovation; the negative impact of the epidemic on corporate signs, project implementation, revenue recognition; a declining capital market climate; and the regulatory risks that business innovation may entail.
1. Increased income growth in the single quarter, cost control 2. Multifactors affect current performance, expected to affect q2 income in the second half of the year, based on year-round growth in operations
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.