General Automated Operations is over-expected, new powered vehicles are still on the 25th of August 2017.
Industrial Automation & Industrial Robotic Block Orders Increase by 45.29%, New Energy & Track Block Order 1. General Automation was over-expected in the first half of the year, a decrease of 59.92%.
Industrial automation (including general automation, elevator integration, electric fluid servers) and industrial machinery 2. General automation growth is more than expected, and new energy motor power is always expected.
During the first half of the year, the new energy and track interfaces fell, reaching orders of 348 million in the first half of the year, the same amount, 59.92 per cent of all new energy vehicles and smarts; sales were 24.42 million, an increase of 58.71 per cent, and orders fell and sales were made.
The increase is mainly due to an increase in orders for small-power new energy products, a decrease in the value of orders, a forecast for the first quarter of the year that is in line with expectations, and the continued over-anticipated growth in general-purpose automation operations
Mainly, Jiangsu signed a large order on Route 3 of 426 million Suzhou at longitude in May 2016; Energy motor power has always been expected to grow significantly above expectations in the first half of the year of general automation, with a slight decline in the general frequency transformer-rich ratio expected to benefit from the economy.
The recovery and the upgrading of manufacturing automation, which started early in the second half of last year, began with high growth, which continued to grow faster than expected, with a year-on-year increase of more than 90%. Of this, the General Translator, which grew by more than 120% over the same year, is expected to grow faster than ever before.
Products; plc&hmi produce sales revenue of $80.65 million, which is more than 90% more than the same year. In the first half of the year, the company seized the opportunity of growing demand for generic automation products brought about by the warmth of the industrial-controlled industry, with the md500 series of small power transformers, the md810/880 series of multi-transmitters, the new generation of server systems, and so on, the company continues to make good progress.
Through the focus on industrial chains, the dynamic industry and large clients are growing rapidly in mobile phone manufacturing, printing & packaging of silicon crystals and semiconductors, spinning, machinebeds, liftings, air pressurers, metallurgy, chemicals, etc. We expect the company to have a year-round general adaptor, a universal server, plc&hmi camp, with continued recovery and expansion of the company’s operations.
A point factor, the same increase in the common-serving Maori rate, plc&hmi, has remained stable. More than expected in the market. Performance growth has largely benefited from a slight increase in the elevator market in the first half of the year, company implementation of the industry top lighthouse clients, effective landings in multinational enterprise outreach strategies, and deep industry lines.
We expect an increase of about 15% in the company's elevator integration and the executive jets throughout the year. In terms of corporate income classification, transformer operations, including general frequency and elevators, first half of the year's Māori ratio.
About 3%, mainly due to higher pressure on elevator prices, which led to a higher than expected drop in the price of the single elevator, as well as the structure of the product. The electric fluid service business increased by the same 31%, and is expected to grow by around 30% throughout the year.
Implementation of the “Computer+Services+Services” combination marketing strategy, upgrading of electrical appliance rates, enhancement of market expansion for re-engineering in the oil-pressure industry, with some effect, combined sales by the Ministry of Electric Utility and the Easterton team, income of $231 million, an increase of 31 per cent, and better demand in the plastics industry this year, expected to last the first half of the second half of the year
In 2017, the company actively promoted the development of the whole robot around the whole machine plus process strategy, and in the first half of the year it launched more than 800 mm and 10,000 mm-long scara robots, small six-band robots, and so on.
Products are also sold in bulk in electronics, photovoltaics, teaching, etc., while using the Flour+Tech strategy, core components such as company robotics dedicated control systems, server systems, visual systems are also applied on a scale in delta, um, straight-angle robots. The company has been revising the flour strategy to flour since 2016.
After the process strategy, combined with the methods and advantages of marketing in the corporate sector, robotic operations began to be bulked this year, with both the advantages of ownership of core parts and a large number of applications from industry, with great potential and momentum, with strong growth, despite modest income in the first half of the year, with more than 12 million people expected to purchase orders throughout the year, and more than 100 million in the coming year.
In January-June 2017, the country produced 212,000 new vehicles, an increase of 19.7 per cent.
New energy vehicles produced 179,000 vehicles, an increase of 44.6 per cent, while new energy buses and logistics vehicles produced only 33,000 vehicles, a decline of 38.0 per cent, but in June they produced 16,000 vehicles, a similar increase of 43.9 per cent, and began to recover significantly, with the expected increase in the second half of the year. New energy cars completed 146 million, a decline of 48 per cent in the previous half-year, and the Māori rate was also significant.
The decline is mainly due to the increase in the price of passenger car power, the return point and the relatively low Maori ratio of logistics vehicle power control, but the company is making good progress in product development, with a number of new products in the second half of the year. 1) The new energy passenger-car collar, with a sustained lead, the new generation of high performance, high power density integrated controllers is expected to test the bus at the end of the year.
(b) In the area of new energy logistics vehicles, successful layouts such as microscopic and blue 4.5t light cards have become bulk sales, logistics vehicle light-card power has been fully developed as a model and development of b has been initiated in the second half of the year;
3) New energy use, good progress, new development and access to multiple vehicle users, successful multi-car-type projects, new generation vehicle controllers for the international mainstream product and layout of multiple vehicle plants, small batch validation completed in the second half of the year, model development (b) completed in the second half of the year, batch (iso262 asil-c) completed in the second half of the year
Process certification, expected product certification in 2018, software development as a popice certification, expected level2 certification in 2018, and the company built a self-inflicted total-engine production line for a new, first-class energy motor control with 100 per cent automation of critical processes, significant productivity improvements, Māori
▪ The growth in revenues from orbital transport operations is in line with expectations, with the new big orders breaking out of the promise of delayed performance compensation. The company track forwards only generated $6.859 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 15.43 per cent over the same year, with 533 million orders still unacknowledged.
In the process of nationalization, the bulk production phase has now entered and two trains have been successfully delivered, in-situ static tests have been completed, and live dynamic tests are under way. In addition, during the reporting period, several project bids were tendered but failed to break through the latitude track, so the company and Jiangsu signed a supplementary performance commitment agreement with the previous 30 June 2017.
Prior successful acquisition of at least one complete towed system order was changed to at least two complete to different cities by March 31, 2018. The proposed $200 million to set up a multi-channel start-up and accelerate the pace of resource consolidation.
In addition, on 23 August, the Board of Directors of the Swiss Central European M & As Fund set up a 200 million-dollar plan for the creation of an investment facility around the company's industry as a professional investment platform for the company.
4.0 Strategic directions such as new energy vehicles, orbital transport, companies will take advantage of the corporate industry background and advantages to tap into high-quality upstream and downstream enterprises in the public sector ' s industrial chain to obtain investment opportunities. 8.52 per cent of the cost of sales, an increase of 0.73 percentage points in comparison.
Twenty-three per cent, increases in maintenance costs and travel costs, and equity incentives. Management costs increased by 396 million in the first half of the year. The increase was mainly due to the continued increase in research and development inputs by companies, with $276 million in R & D, an increase compared with the increase.
During the first half of the year, the company prepaid $272 million, an increase of 60.92 per cent over the beginning of the period, mainly due to an increase in the collection of bills by the subsidiary Jiangsu Latitude, cash returns over the same period of the previous year, and slower projected growth in the first half of the General Automation plate and the growth of new energy sources, which were the main reasons for the significant improvement in the company ' s cash flow in the first half of the year.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission (CMSC), Dong Wu Securities Inc. has established a securities investment advisory committee, taking into account this year's strong recovery from the automation of industrial controls.