We're back in business, we're back in business, we're back in business, we're back in business, we're back in business, we're back in business, we're back in business, we're back in business, we're back in business, we're back in business, we're back in business, we're back in business, we're back in business, we're back in business, we're back in business, we're back in business, we're back in business.
We're looking forward to a new performance in the technology business of the Hong Kong River. Industry warms, equity incentives, demand increases, firm build-up, trying to seize the opportunity and achieve a cross-cutting development of performance.
The company formally completed its third equity incentive in early 17, demonstrating its confidence in its future development, linking the operating layer closely with the interests of both shareholders, and driving the firm’s accelerated strategic transformation. The industrial automation market is back on momentum.
Long Hae-min is indistinguishable, and we predict that, as the industry warms, demand increases in downstream industries, and research and development of new products from companies, the performance of the generic frequency changer category will increase over the next three years.
Industrial robot development contributes to the demand for servo systems, and future import substitution space is huge. Corporate servo-control technology is ahead of the country. In the coming years, high growth in industrial robots will stimulate the huge demand for servo systems, and domestic servo-import substitution space will be huge and it will be foreseen that corporate servo-system operations will be in place.
The company has become the lead company in the country’s new energy motor controllers. In the last three years, with the development of new energy flows b/h (million shares) and cars, the company’s added-up new energy powered vehicles, the new energy products account for the company’s main business revenues.
The company acquired Jiangsu at the same latitude, developed autonomously a train towed control system, and now has sufficient orders in hand, along with the company’s market.
Increased investment in development, with companies expected to break through markets outside Sioux and take up their share of the market further.
3 SWITCH TECHNOLOGY (3000124) STUFF: High Prices + Unique Marketing Strategies, Weak Markets Surrounded 2012-04-17
East's source of wealth and wisdom, Sinkkawa technology (300124): the industrial leader re-starts his second business and he's got a steady growth in the dynamic layout of the transvestite.
The company is a national high-technology enterprise focused on research and development, production and marketing of industrial automation-controlled products. In terms of industrial automation products, the company is the largest supplier of medium- and low-voltage transformers and server systems in the country; in the elevator industry, the company is the leading provider of elevator integrated controllers in the industry; and in the area of new energy vehicles, the company has become our country.
Figure 1: Corporate services network 1.1 Equity incentives to ensure long-term development
The company officially completed its third grant of equity incentives in early 17, demonstrating its confidence in its future development, thus pushing for an accelerated strategic transformation of the company. The equity incentives involved a total of 652 people, including 277 R & D staff, more than one third of the total, reflecting the importance that the company attaches to R & D personnel.
Incentives have increased by a factor of 5.682 million, the highest of three.
This equity incentive includes eight leading directors and vice-presidents, Lee Joon-ta, Song Jun-eun, who did not take part in the previous two. As the third stock incentive is completed, it will combine the business layer with shareholders’ interests, and secure the company’s ownership of the industry.
A smooth transition in the integration of platform-based systems in the field of Eastern financial and intellectual growth. 1.2 Development strategies are clear and steady.
In the long run, companies are undergoing a process of strategic transformation: 1) from equipment suppliers to platform-based integration firms; 2) from endogenous growth to extended M&As.
Looking at the history of the development of the HKSAR, we can broadly divide it into three phases: the start-up phase, the fast-track development phase, and the strategic transformation phase. Each phase of the development of the COMRA technology is stable and strategic: the start-up of solid technology development - > Steaking Market Shares - > strategic transformations that foster new growth points.
The company became the first Eastton shareholder, forming a position of real control through a board of directors. The technology and the use of the Sinkkawa technology have great complementarities and synergies in the product and regional markets.
The acquisition should be significant. This extension extends the product lines of the HSBC technology in the plastics industry, further boosts HSBC server sales, enhances competitiveness in the long triangle, and consolidates competitiveness in the bead triangle. In addition, HSBM and Istton can facilitate the parties' involvement in the plastics, etc., through the sharing and joint marketing of customer resources.
With this collaboration, the HSBC is expected to create a leading track-trading system that will enhance the company’s technological strength and brand image and find new growth points.
In June 2016, they acquired 60% of the shares in Shanghai. In June 2016, they acquired a core technological advantage in the field of core components such as frequency changers, controllers, servers, etc. The acquisition of Shanghai Lane helped to improve the transfer of technology in Shanghai.
The company’s goal is to become the world’s leading industrial automation product and solution provider, which will continue to optimize the industry’s profile.
Sinkkawa Technology (300124): Industrial Control Dragon 2nd Entrepreneurship Re-starting Figure 2: Sinkkawa Science and Technology Development Axis 2003: Sinkkawa Technology Co. Ltd., Shenzhen City
2010: Successful listing of stock code (3000124) 2003: Establishment of Mernak Control Technology Ltd., Suzhou 2010: First place: “Henzhen City Growing Small and Medium Industries 500 Enterprises”
2004: Proclaimed to be the fifth batch of “two soft” enterprises in Shenzhen City 2011: 18th place in the “2011 Forbes China Potential” list 2005:
2011: Suzhou Segawa Technology Co. Ltd. opened operations. 2006: Establishment of Shenzhen City Hitchuan Information Technology Co. Ltd. 2012: “The 2012 Forbes China's Most Potential Public Company”
2013: Acquisition of Ningpo Istong Technology Co. Ltd. 2007: Is09001:2000 Quality Management System through German Tuv Certification 2013: Establishment of Nanjing Segawa Industrial Visual Technology Development Co. Ltd.:
Called the “National High Technology Enterprise” 2013: Establishment of the Shanghai Merbert Elevator Technology Company Limited: 2009: “Hin Shenzhen Growing Small and Medium Enterprises 500 in 2009”
2014: Forbes “202014 Small and Medium Listed Enterprises in Asia: 200” list 2015: md810 series standard multi-mechanical frequency transformer listed 2015: Suzhou Segawa Phase II plant is officially operational
2015: Acquisition of Jiangsu Latitude Orbital Equipment Company Limited 2015: recognized as “National Torch Plan 2014 Focused High Technology Enterprises” 2016: Acquisition of Shanghai Lane to improve the Industrial Transmission Programme
Since the company ' s listing, the overall Māori and net interest rates for sales have stabilized at a higher level.
In terms of income structure, typographical services are the most important income component of companies, accounting for more than 50% of the company’s operating income. The servile system, the new energy product business, is also an important income component of companies.
The ratio of revenues from company-to-couple type operations, server systems, and new energy products was 45 per cent, 14 per cent, and 30 per cent.As a result of business profitability, the Māori rate of company-to-couplers, server systems, and plc operations has been relatively stable, the decline in subsidies for new energy source products and the impact of increased market competition has declined slightly in recent years.
Figure 5: Income composition of companies ' operations Figure 6: Māori ratio of companies ' operations 2. Traditional operations are growing steadily with industry warming
It's a company's traditional business, with products including general-frequency and elevator-specific transformers. It's a front line for domestic brands in the field of transformers. The growth of traditional business is expected to remain strong as the industry warms.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, Hitchuan Technology (300124): The Industrial Control Leader is back in business and back in business, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
2.1 A steady increase in general-frequency transformer operations. The company ' s downstream industries are numerous, and the development of its general automation operations is therefore linked to macroeconomic trends, driven mainly by the size of the industrial automation market in that year. The country ' s industrial automation market was in two years, 2010 and 2011.
The rate of growth in the company’s general-purpose transformers showed greater resilience and resilience: the industry grew at a positive rate, and the company’s product harvest grew at a faster rate than the industry’s growth rate, showing greater resilience. Even the industry grew at a negative rate, the company’s product harvest continued to grow at a positive rate, showing greater resilience.
Figure 7: The size of the domestic industrialization market, 2005-2016, Figure 8: Companies ' income from the FTO category of products for the last five years.
In China, the market for high-end transformers is still dominated by foreign brands in the domestic frequency changer market. Most domestic firms have been established for a short period of time, and their home-grown transformer products have had less time to enter the market.
As a result, it is difficult to compare the maturity and visibility of products with foreign brands, and there is still a gap with foreign brands. East’s financial and intellectual booms.
Figure 9: Main manufacturers of low-pressure transformers in the country and market share (2016). Companies ' products are now fully ahead of the Japanese brand in terms of technology and market share, and can compete with the Euro-American brand show in the future.
Technology accumulation and new products of the company ' s general frequency transformer are increasingly entering the market, and platform-based products have significantly improved their performance, appearance, and productivity over the previous generation, thus enhancing the competitiveness of the company ' s markets. After several years of development, Segawa technology has been successfully developed in 2014 through continuous technological accumulation and R & D inputs.
The desktop product md500, which is the company's highest performance transformer, brings together vector-transmitt technology, and its nuclear kernel device igbt module uses international leading technology, with greater power conversion density, and has the advantage of compact structure, small size, etc. md500 is recognized by the market as soon as it is launched.
The company’s market share in downstream industries such as machine tools, textiles, lifting equipment, etc. has raised the company’s Māori level. East’s financial and intellectual booming source, Inc., achieved operating revenue of 696 million yuan in 2016 (in addition to the one elevator machine), a year-on-year increase.
38%, q1 GM products earned 215 million yuan in 2017, an increase of 76% over the same period. The company transformer products grew faster in the air-pressure, plastic machines, metal products, etc. We predict that, over the next three years, as the industry warms, downstream demand increases, and the company ' s general-frequency-type products will rise steadily to 40%.
Industrial marketing promotes business growth Corporations strengthen channels, customize solutions, and conduct industry marketing.
At present, companies are upgrading generic platform-type products from md320 to md500 series on the one hand, and introducing multi-transmitt product md810 for the oem industry on the other hand, continuing industry marketing, now in air-pressure machines, textiles, textiles, etc.
Several industries, such as air-conditioning and refrigeration, plastic machinery, have introduced more competitive integrated electrical solutions or industrial machines. The downstream industries, such as air-pressure machines and textiles, are now the company’s main customers, so product sales will grow faster as the textile industry warms.
Solutions, providing the most suitable solutions and services for different manufacturers.
In 2016, in order to better implement the marketing policy of the industry, the company restructured its previous organizational structure, consolidating more than 10 lines into six major departments. By industry, they were better aligned to industry demand. By combining seven lines of products with a frequency changer into a generic automation department, synergies could be forged between products to make them more effective.
In recent years, companies have become less and less different from international brands through continuous technological accumulation and research and development inputs.
International brands such as Siemens are dominated by medium- and high-end markets, and their product applications are concentrated in project-type markets such as cranes, metallurgy, construction materials, machine beds, and food beverages. Domestic brands such as Hitchuan, Taida, and others focus on low- and middle-end oem and high-end wind pump markets.
Figure 15: Companies ' income, costs, and Māori rates from operations of the type of transformer, according to China ' s data analysis of the transformer, the market for low-pressure, high-voltage transformers is 10% and 15%, respectively, for the next three years. High-voltage transformers benefit from the national energy-saving reduction policy, with power generation, wind-drivers, wind-drivers, etc.
There is a rapid expansion and development of industries such as large pumps. Low-pressure transformers are now widely used in textiles, cranes, machine tools, etc. The low-pressure transformer industry in the country started late, with foreign brands occupying the country’s early frequency changer market, the current city.
Field occupancy rates remain at 60-70%. With the introduction of industry 4.0 and the inevitable trend towards industrialization, the role of low-pressure transformers in various sectors will become more prominent, so it can be expected that our market for low-pressure transformers will maintain a high growth rate, with a market size of 25 billion yuan by 2020.
Figure 16: The size and speed of our low-pressure transformer market is forecasted to compete with international brands in the face of large market sizes, with companies segmenting markets, concentrating on niche areas, and trying to nurture their own unique competitive advantage. The variable industry is closely linked to the national economic cycle, in the current economy.
The speed of import substitution will be further accelerated in the prevailing environment. 2.3 Elevators are operating against the wind, and the company's elevator operation has maintained a remarkable growth in the industry's adversity.
In 2015, as a result of the low real estate market, the elevator industry experienced its first decline in almost 10 years; in 2016, despite the rise of some second-line cities, the overall situation in the real estate sector remained less positive. In the face of industry adversity, companies developed international elevator branding,
Multi-product combination sales and the upgrading of the market for military elevators have increased market shares and maintained a remarkable growth. Elevators are generally installed after a one-year lag, with a total increase of 8% in the area of new construction in 2016, and a steady increase in the number of new elevators installed in 2017 compared to 2016.
Figure 17: Stock and speed of elevators in the country for the last five years
The elevator integration product is developed on the basis of the traditional elevator control system, improving its functional limitations and the complexity of post-life security. It integrates the elevator logic control computer version (plc) and the elevator special frequency transformer organically to achieve the elevator integration control technology.
Table 3: Corporate elevator converter series nice7,000 elevator integrated controllers
Commercial elevator solutions, safer, smarter, nice 3,000 elevator integrated controllers, passenger elevator solutions, simpler, more reliable.
Nice 2000 escalators, escalators, sidewalk solutions, two mode of operation: nice1,000 elevators.
Ladder, Ladder Solutions, full parallel input output interfaces, super-facile automatic nice9000 machine integration controllers that drive door systems like elevator doors, cold warehouse doors, subway doors, etc.
Integrated door-opening logic control and power drive control is controlled by a single me320 elevator special frequency transformer with multiple speeds and analogues, supporting sine, uvw,
Endat2.1/abz incremental encoder Console Perfect Console solution, rich variety of options
Elevators are connected, elevators are monitored, managed, malfunction alerts, real-time data monitoring, and it can be expected that the post-elevator market will have a huge potential for upgrading the stock ladder. In recent years, with the elevator accident,
More and more, people are beginning to focus more and more on the safety and security of elevator operations. The current ratio of self-defense by elevator manufacturers is less than 30%, indicating that a large number of elevators are still in the hands of third-party insurance companies.
To develop and operate the integration of elevator components, to improve the efficiency and overall stability of the late-stage renovation of the elevator, and to provide the old ladder, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, with a mature and high-quality solution and adaptation programme. At present, the international elevator giant, represented by Odiz, has left.
After the initial stage of manufacturing development, the income-generating phase of products, the transition from manufacturing to services has been completed. O’Svivitt’s income, 60% of the total, is not only far higher than the domestic insurance ratio for elevators, but also preponderantly ahead of international competitors.
In China alone, Odiz has more than 2,000 former factory service technicians, and the service network covers more than 300 sites in the country’s 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions.
The call-for-service hotline Otisline provides 7* 24-hour service to clients.
U.S. elevator industry, Viva's share of operating income, company adaptation to the Internet + Wave, introduction of Internet thinking in post-elevator market services, and introduction of "Internet + Elevator"
mode. The Internet+Elevator model consists mainly of smart hardware, cell phone apps, terminal cloud servers, supported by a number of core technologies, such as mobile office, electronic processes, data analysis and smart elevators, to inject the gene into the elevators.
With the speed of the lift-on-one operation slowing down and the expansion of the elevator security market, we believe that in the future the company will focus its efforts on the elevator business in the post-elevator market in an effort to turn the elevator Internet into a new growth in corporate revenue.
Figure 20: HSELCOM-Elevator Information Acquisition 3. Server systems are in great demand for futures.
Mobilize, ensure that the executing agency exercises precision, which can be understood as a VRT system with feedback devices (codifiers). In the coming years, the rapid growth of industrial robots will drive the huge demand for servo systems, and the domestic import of servo products has a huge substitute space for a significant increase in corporate servo system operations.
Figure 21: HSDS platform, Eastern financial and intellectual source 3.1 Substitution of products for import
The foreign market currently has a high 75% servile brand and a huge import substitution space. Japanese brands are 50%, including the famous ones Matsumoto, Mitsubishi Electric, Ancheon, Samyung, Fuji; Euro-American brands are 25%, including Rockwell, the United States, German Spanish, Lentz, Bo Shiles, Schneider, etc.
They occupy 20% of the market, with Mainland and Taiwan brands occupying 10% of the market, while Taiwan, China, is represented by the East Won and the Delta, with technical and price levels between imports of medium-end products and Mainland brands; and China and China are branded mainly in the form of Hong Kong technology, Chinese numerical control, Guangzhou numerical control, and Aston.
In recent years, in the area of servo systems, a number of good firms have emerged, both within and outside the country. Foreign manufacturers are highly skilled and good at medium- and high-end products, but at high prices and low localization. Domestic producers are concentrated in low- and medium-level servile products, and are relatively low-cost, but are able to study them adequately because of local advantages.
Domestic markets, the introduction of domestic suppliers’ servo-products, and even the introduction of customized services, are excellent in localization. As technology rises, domestic servile brands will gradually replace foreign products, with a 20% share in the domestic servo-brand market in 2016, and we predict a servo-brand market share for the next three months.
It is 25%, 30%, and 35%. As the “China manufactures 2025” progresses, the demographic dividend disappears, the level of industrial automation rises, and the size of the market for our server system will remain high. Figure 22: Share of domestic server system brand (2016)
3.2 In 2015, the Government introduced “China Manufacturing 2025”, which clearly proposes to promote the intellectualization of the manufacturing process and to automate, digitize and intelligently develop the production process of enterprises through the construction of smart factories.
The leading Chinese companies in the area of automated control are keen to seize the opportunity of “China to manufacture 2025”, and in the case of intelligent manufacturing, the server drive is the driving layer of the automated control system, and the server is the executive level.
A server is now a necessity for intelligent manufacturing. A server system is one of the most important control and enforcement agencies for industrial automation. It is widely used in machine tools, textile machines, printing machines and packaging machines. In the meantime, with the rapid expansion of industries such as industrial robotics, electronic manufacturing equipment, etc. in recent years, the server system is in an emerging industry.
Figure 24: Domestic robot market sales and acceleration in the last five years
The products of the company ' s server system can be divided into specialized server systems and universal server systems.
In September 2013, the company invested $110 million in the purchase of 40% of Ningpoistone’s shares, and Estom’s main product is the accelerator control, and the bets produced by Sichuan.
A combination of plastic server systems can provide clients with a full set of plastics electro-control systems solutions.
Figure 26: Power saving systems on a plastics server, although the overall growth in the plastics industry is currently weak, Hong Kong is looking forward to the future import of alternative spaces in the stock market. Currently, the electrostats are gradually replacing fully hydraulic and liquid blenders, and the market space for a plastics server is about to break out.
The company ' s universal servo product is currently mainly a lithium power plant, 3c automation, robotics. The highest is the ratio of lithium power to about 40%. The company is trying to catch up with foreign manufacturers, narrow the technology gap, and is expected to take the market from international front-line brands like Siemens in the future. The cnc machine is currently the largest common servo system.
Markets, although the company is currently less involved, so the company wants to open the market for machine-serving systems by introducing advanced cnc technology from abroad.
4. New Energy Motors is a leading company in the country’s new energy motor control. In the last three years, the company’s new energy business has been growing rapidly.
According to the data, the share of new energy in the income of the main business is also rising, with new energy businesses accounting for the company ' s main revenue from its new energy business in 2016. Woo-tung, the largest customer of the company ' s new energy bus, accounts for 80% of the revenue from the entire bus. Automobile electronics has grown into one of the company ' s three main major businesses, accounting for the total revenue.
This year, in the area of bus operations, companies are expected to expand their partnerships with other customers, such as Biadi, the Golden Dragon, and thereby expand the marketing of products such as product lines and company-driven power generators.
The company entered the field of electrical control with a new energy passenger motor controller, establishing a cooperative relationship with the Utility bus, providing them with “five-in-one” electrical control devices, which are characterized by a simple structure, high integration and small number of spare parts, and which are easily installed, thus creating higher economic benefits.
Since the company established a partnership with Woo-tung, it has been working on technological innovation, increasing the density and reliability of its products, and creating a service system with a monopoly advantage in the country. In 2016, the agreement was extended to 2018, and the two sides will continue to deepen their cooperation in the field of electricity control.
So the company is trying to create other kinds of partnerships, such as customers like Biadei, Golden Dragon, and thereby decentralize the client structure. The source of financial growth in the East.
Figure 29: Māori ratio of new energy products 4.2 Logistics vehicles will be a new growth point for new energy vehicles.
In the first half of 2016, companies actively opened up new energy logistics vehicles, and have now established partnerships with a number of car companies, such as the East Wind and the North Gas. We expect that this year’s subsidy policy will result in cross-border growth in the field of logistics.
The deep layout of the HSBC in the field of logistics cars will also create a greater revenue growth for the company’s new energy business. Figure 30: Electric car power controllers, the source of financial prosperity in the East
4.3 Focusing on development in the area of passenger vehicles High volume and power density requirements in the area of passenger vehicles, hence the focus on product technology and systematization capabilities in the area of passenger vehicles.
Some focus on the development of new power-driven vehicles. Sinkkawa also focuses on the introduction and integration of technology, establishing an in-depth technical cooperation relationship with Swissbrasa, which further opens up high-end markets for cars.
Co-developed products that meet the best standards in the new energy sector have the advantage of high power density, high reliability, and high value for money. In recent years, companies have also been working on building power-generation platforms to enhance the company’s total power of new energy vehicles and its ability to integrate solutions.
In September 2016, with its own capital of 200 million yuan, the Hong Kong Corporation, which operates a fully-owned subsidiary, Suzhou, the Sunchuan Joint Power System, operated as a new energy vehicle powered aggregate system, which promotes the development and production of integrated products by power-driven vehicles and reserves for the later eruption of the new energy-car market.
5. There are significant opportunities for railing operations, and China ' s orbital transport market is vast and is expected to enter a fast-growing phase in the coming years. According to the country ' s cities and cities, it accounts for more than half of the world ' s mileage.
The national orbital transport tractor and control system (including spare parts, stand-alone parts) will require an average of about $10 billion per year (including subways, trams, light tracks) in 2020.
The power and power required for the movement, which is used to control the operation of the train motor, consists of components such as tractors, high voltage tanks, auxiliary transformers and their control tractors.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, Hitchuan Technology (3000124): Industrial Control Leader 2nd Enterprise Restarting, Figure 32: Towed System Composition
The main competitor in the inter-orbiting area of the Sinkuan is the Electric and Partial Foreign Investment Brands of the Continental Age, and companies are among the few suppliers of the country’s orbital transport traction system with core technology and successful operational experience.
5.1 Mergers drive the growth of trade-offs through mergers and acquisitions of Jiangsu latitudes, and companies move in the field of military-trading.
Jiangsu is now in the middle of two, four, three, Qingdao City, with a tram and a line operating successfully.
Figure 33: Geolatitude development history of Jiangsu 5.2 Completion of Replenishment Equity by Latitude Track.
The main purpose of the capital and shareholder changes is to introduce new shareholders in the form of a build-up of equity.
Mr. Jung-sung has a wealth of resources in the field of transhipment, and his membership will facilitate the development of the transhipment area. He has promised to assist in obtaining at least one complete towed system order for the longitude track in the country’s municipal subway tender (excluding Suzhou, Shenzhen) over the next two years.
6.plc is a very dynamic business.
It is the brain of an industrial automation system. Plc is widely used in almost all industrial areas, and is therefore highly relevant to macro-economic growth. With China’s trend towards upgrading manufacturing, industrial automation will continue to rise, and the market is expected to continue to grow in the medium to long term.
6.1.plc market competitive dynamics.plc may be divided into large, medium, and small, with the main competitors being Mitsubishi, Omron, and Siemens. In the area of small plc, the target customers are mainly small and medium-sized enterprises, and therefore domestic brands.
In large and medium-sized plc, technological barriers are high, and the quality of the product is related to the stability and reliability of the user’s automated production throughout the plant, so customers prefer foreign branding. International brands like Siemens, Schneider, Rockwell, ge, etc., entered China earlier.
A wealth of industry experience, more comprehensive product line coverage with a wide range of industry applications. Figure 34: Large plc market share 2016, Figure 35: Medium plc market share 2016
Figure 36: Small plc market share in 2016: 6.2 plc business growth maintained
The company has introduced a variety of integrated product solutions in the lithium battery industry, which combines an algorithm of industrial process experience and effectively improves equipment efficiency.
Despite the decline in pmi last December and January of this year, the optimism is still in the expansionary zone, and it is expected that the follow-up pmi will be harder to reach than it was last November. If this were to be assumed, the source of financial prosperity in the Eastern part of the industry-controlled market would be the same.
Figure 37: Compared to the pmi indicator, the single-quarter rate of growth in the automated market in recent years, there are currently three main types of products in the corporate control technology category: plc, industrial robotics, industrial Internet, of which plc is the main product, accounting for more than 90%.
Figure 39: Māori ratio of plc products, Figure 38: sales of plc products
Figure 40: Size and speed of China ' s plc market, we expect corporate plc operations to be resilient to industrial fluctuations and maintain good growth. And as the economy progresses,
Recovering and industrial upgrading, demand rebounding for the benefit of the industry as a whole, as well as the benefits of the technology in Sinkuan, are expected to keep our market at plc steady growth for the next three to five years. The industrial sector is warming, companies are fully operating, and we expect operating revenues to grow by 25.41% over the three-year period, respectively.
The fcff method provides an absolute valuation based on the assumption of Wacc = 11.29 per cent per share growth rate g = 5 per cent.
Investment proposals: Segawa technology is the leading industry in our country, with greater scope for future industrial and regulatory development and a higher degree of certainty in future performance growth. We expect the company to earn $4,590 million in 2017-2019, less than expected in the market for new energy vehicles; lower downstream markets lead to less than expected performance; market style shifts.
The source of the East's financial and intellectual boom, the source of the East's financial and intellectual boom, and the technology of the Hong Kong River (300124):
The top 10 prizes (seventh place) for the excellent combination of the financial and intellectual growth of the East, and the Cheong Gang Award.
In the third place in the real estate industry, he joined the East Hing Bond in the year of his work in the mechanical industry.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.