While exploration and exploitation remained profitable, refining oil continued to decline, with China's petrochemical (600028) tri-quarter 2019 report being evaluated, the company issued its third-quarter report for 2019, and realized business income of 223.305 billion yuan in the previous three quarters.
This represents an increase of 7.73% and a decrease of RMB 43,281 million in net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, or 27.8% in the same year;
Improved. The first three quarters spent $34.75 billion on block capital, an increase of 75.8 per cent over the previous three quarters, mainly for the construction of the natural gas production capacity of the mausoleum, the white-finished glory, the Hang-jung flag, the construction of crude oil production capacity, victory, the north-west, etc., and the promotion of natural gas reserves.
The country’s demand for finished oil continues to grow, and the supply of finished oils is abundant and competitive.
Revenues were 22.5 billion yuan, half of the year; revenues from the marketing and distribution of plates were 23.245 billion yuan, the same year, influenced by the increase in the volume of natural gas, profit from exploration and exploitation operations, but also by the price of offshore oil and exchange rates, the decline in profits from the refining plates, taking into account the company's advantages in integrating oil and gas production and processing, and the company's expectations were that the company would be able to obtain the same benefits.
In West Side, at 28 West Rixie Street, at 1000 Hengsheng Building, Lujiang Gate Road, Fukuda District, Fukuwa, 6th tax-exempt trader.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Pilot Zone, 17th floor of the China Sea International Centre, B building, Law, using information on legal compliance, provides this report independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be associated with this report.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, it is not a client of the company who has no direct business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibility. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to disclose it.
Clients of the company receive this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner, and keep it confidential. The report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
The company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the opinions, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values, and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For other professionals in the company (including but not limited to salesmen, traders), based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance, this document contains analytical comments or trade views that are not consistent with this report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up on the corresponding updates or modifications.The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are only for the information of investors and not for the purchase or sale of securities or their sale.
This view, the proposal, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the persons to be covered by this report, and consults with any professional financial consultant in the areas of finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of future relevant studies in this report and the Division. The company and the author will not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.