Sunshine Power (300274.sz) issued a performance forecast for 2020h1, which foresees a net return of 416-45 million yuan to the mother, which is consistent with our previous judgement. We believe that q2 benefits from continued over-expected domestic and overseas end demand.
At the same time, the rapid rise in reverse city occupancy has led to a faster increase in revenue-side growth. We look forward to the company’s future development: 1) global photovoltaics are expected to pick up in the third quarter, and the company may continue to perform at a higher rate in the second half of the year; 2) storage and power stations are the focus of the post-PV cycle, and the company’s depth layout will be as follows:
We keep the profit projections unchanged, and the company's 2020-2022 ps is expected to resonance with overseas and domestic demand in the second half of the year, and the company's performance is expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
130gw. From the third quarter, although there may be a partial “vacuum period” of 630 after loading, the q3 industries will be better supported by the same rate of growth as the new competitive and parity projects, and the relatively low base of 2019q3 (4.6gw).
With component prices falling, the epidemic continues to contain a significant proportion of overseas demand, and it is expected that, with three quarters of overseas epidemics coming under control, overseas loading will be expected to be a “retaliatory” rebound. The company’s five-month reversals cumulatively exported 4.27gw, with a significant increase in overseas city share of about 8 pct, further enhancing global competitiveness.
• Distributed + light storage has greater space in the era of “pay-a-day Internet access” and will drive companies to grow over the long term, with reverse agents at their core. The layout of the domestic and overseas distributed markets will gradually release potentials in the short and medium term and bind customers with the depth of the transportation services. The “storage +” model is clean energy “pay-a-day Internet access”
The corporate update report, Cash Flows 2019, with the company's deployment of energy transformers since 2006, has been developed into a lithium battery system, significantly improved, with short-term epidemic impacts unchanged in performance.
Hardware + energy management system software, such as storage energy transformers, straight-flow switches, is the logic of third-party storage for core technology - 2020.4.29 The storage energy business is expected to contribute a significant increase in performance over the long term.
Corporate First Cover Report - Post Photovoltaic Cycle Head, Towards New Growth - 2020.3.21