Reverser city share has steadily increased, with a sustained high growth in storage - Sunshine Power (300274) mid-point review, 2020. On 27 August, the company released its mid-point report, 2020H1, which achieved a business income of $6,942 million, a year-on-year increase.
Billions, 175.93% ring, net return to the mother, 287 million yuan ring, 79.70% ring. Reversers have risen significantly, accelerating the global market layout by 1.94 pct compared to the previous year. As of 30 June, the global build-up of retrofit equipment had passed 120gw and went overseas.
The bulk concentration and clustering are 50 per cent, the largest “combined” inverter suppliers in the Americas, ranked first in the Brazilian market, with a 40 per cent market share in Viet Nam, and about 30 per cent in Thailand, Malaysia and the Philippines, all ranked first in the local market, with households in Australia accounting for more than 20 per cent and expanding gradually.
The power station's integrated Māori pressure is increasing in size, compared to the depth of 300. \triangleright \triangleright \
During the reporting period, companies maintained a leading position in terms of new loads and stock of items.
Active deployment of light storage, sustained high growth of storage capacity, 250 million yuan in 2020h1 storage energy system, an increase of 49.66 per cent, or 3.61 per cent in the same year. The company's storage capacity is technologically focused on non-core technology. As of 30 June, there were more than 1,000 major global storage system projects in which companies were involved.
In North America, the market share of industrial and industrial storage and Australia’s share of home-based photovoltaic systems is more than 20%. Overseas storage capacity uses three-star batteries, mainly in collaboration with Samsung, and orders are scheduled for 2021: domestic side storage is in the early stages, and companies have worked with multiple phosphate lithium suppliers.
Referring to the current average 42-fold-pe level of the sw photovoltaic device plate, considering that the company’s inverter tap remains stable, it is expected to benefit from a recovery in domestic photovoltage demand, which will be covered for the first time, with a “recommended” rating. Photovoltage units are not as high as expected; and storage plates are not expanding as expected.
Summarized of company financial statement data projections: Jing Jie, Research Assistant for the People's Trades and Industry of Basic Chemical Industries, Master of Chemical Engineering, Zhejiang University, joined the People's Trades in July 2020, author of a certificate of qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,