Reserves can build a second growth curve, and equity incentives highlight development confidence — Attez: Photovoltaic components are in the first line of the industry, and storage can be the second growth curve. Atts Sunshine Electric Group Inc. was established in 2009 and is the leading global player.
One of the manufacturers of photovoltaic components, whose core business is the development, production and sale of crystalline silicon photovoltaic components, and which is based on the operation of photovoltaic components, extends to the field of application solutions.
Large storage energy systems (large-capacity storage systems for use on and on the side of the grid), photovoltaic power plant project epc (design, purchase and installation of power station projects) component operations: global market segmentation of components, companies benefiting from the high-profit market in the United States
The year-on-year decline of 24% is mainly due to a fall in the price of components due to competition, but the demand for global components has remained positive. Looking ahead, we believe that the base price of the components is long and steady.
In India, the market has grown at a rate or exceeding global average, with 2024q3 US component prices still higher than those of China at about $0.19/w, Artes’s production of 5gw component in the US, leading the industry, and companies will continue to benefit from high-profit markets in the United States in the future.
A strong a, share-resilient upswing company deep-deeps in the large offshore reserve market, creating an integrated business model for "storage systems plus pepc+long-term services".
In 23h2, the company was able to move into a fast-growing period, with revenues growing at the same time as the outgoing end. In terms of industry, orders, and capacity, we believe that the current point is that the company is able to move from 1 to n.
The demand for large domestic storage systems has increased by 2.6gwh, compared to 24h1.
The risk of competition for prices in the component industry, the risk of less than expected being released from the production capacity of the United States component, and the risk of less than expected being released from the large United States reserves.1 Company profile: a combination of two major operations, deep farming in North America.
1.1 Main battalion operations: Photovoltaic + storage power, two-wheel drive, with more than half of the revenue from the Atlas Sun Power Group Ltd. (csosolarco., Ltd.) established in 2009 as a former Artes Sun Power Group Ltd., with Canadian csiq (corporately controlled shareholder in Canada)
Csiq was established in 2006 on the United States Nasdaq stock market with a stock code as csiq; Since its inception, the company has been based on research and development, production and marketing of photovoltaic components, and as photovoltaic + storage can become a future photovoltaic power station, Canada will fund large storage systems in 2020.
Incorporated, the company began large-scale storage energy system operations; in June 2023, the main business with photovoltaic components was placed on the market; after listing, the company raised funds through ipo to expand production capacity and made storage capacity a second-in-a-kind operation.
By mid-2024, the company formed two main lines of operation: photovoltaic components, photovoltaic application solutions, which included large-scale storage energy products, household storage energy products, photovoltaic system operations, photovoltaic power plants, engineering epc operations. In mid-2024, the share of revenues from photovoltaic components and large storage energy systems was 70.59 per cent, respectively.
Looking ahead, the company will continue to focus on the manufacture of photovoltaic components, expanding its overseas capacity, building a 5gwn assembly plant in Mesquit, Texas, in the United States (which was officially operational in 2023 and began delivery in the first quarter of 2024), and building 5gwn batteries in Jeffersonville, Indiana.
Projects (by mid-2024, construction of the civil component and design of the mechanical and electrical components are under way and are expected to be operational in 2025); while taking advantage of the opportunity of the outbreak of offshore storage operations, the enhancement of the storage capacity as a second-largest growth curve, the main photovoltaic component and the solution of the application of the photovoltaic.
In the case of storage energy operations, which began in 2024. In 2023, the company’s main income component accounted for 82 per cent.16 per cent of the revenues of the two main operating blocks of the photovoltaic component and the photovoltaic application solution.
The ball ranks top five, and secures a global component provider, the “first ladder”. The company is committed to developing low-production costs, high-PV conversion efficiency component technology, and has introduced a variety of products, including large-scale silicone tablets and batteries, perc batteries, hjt batteries, topcon batteries, two-sided double-bond components, etc.
The network provides efficient and reliable photovoltaic components for a variety of applications such as roofs, business scenes and ground power stations to meet client diversification needs. In 2023, RMB 42.3 billion, MPF 16%, and MPF 30.7gw. The year and year 2024 data show RMB 15.5 billion, MPF 15.5 billion.
Storage Energy Solutions: Attex ' s Photovoltaic Application Solutions operations cover large-scale energy storage products, industrial and industrial energy storage system products, household energy storage system products, photovoltaic system operations and power station engineering epc operations, and provide comprehensive equipment development, marketing, system integration and long-term maintenance services.
For example, the Solbank series, which uses phosphate lithium battery technology with high capacity and safety; commercial storage, which is flexible in product design and applies to diversified business applications; household storage systems, such as epcube, which provides households with intelligent, new energy management solutions; and photovoltaic operations, which are distributed through “sungarden”
Photovoltaic power systems, which provide efficient and reliable power supply solutions for users; power station operation epc, which provides full process services such as design, equipment procurement, installation debugging and delivery of the photovoltaic power station project, is committed to providing efficient and reliable energy solutions for all categories of customers.
8.1 billion yuan, or 8 per cent of the Māori rate, of which the large storage system earns $1.9 billion and the Māori rate 17 per cent. The data for the semi-annual year 2024 show that the business income from photovoltaic application solutions was $6.1 billion, while the Māori rate was 14 per cent, of which the large storage system earned $4.1 billion, the Māori rate was 23 per cent, and the bulk was 2.6gwh.
Figure 2 Main business structure of the company 1.2 Equity structure: The equity structure is centralized, the strategic layout is clear, the equity structure of the company is stable and centralized.
Xiaoqiao is a Canadian engineering student with a doctorate in semiconductor materials science from the University of Toronto, Canada, and nearly 30 years of research and development and business management experience in photovoltaic technology, and has been president of the company since 2001.
East and Central shareholders are Canadiansolarinc. They hold 62.24% of the company's shares. The second largest shareholder is New Singers Ltd., which holds 4.43% of the company's shares. The third largest shareholder is Suzhou Industrial Park Marbles Heavy Equity Investment Fund Management Ltd., which holds 4.32% of the company's shares as of 2023.
The strategic layout is clear, with multiple subsidiaries deployed globally. Attez has multiple subsidiaries deployed globally to support the global operation of its photovoltaic components and storage systems.
Production bases are in place in land, South-East Asia, the United States, etc., and the production capacity of the entire industrial chain of photovoltaic components that form “single-silicon-cell assemblies.” The company’s strategic layout is clear, and the company’s wholly-owned subsidiaries include often-known Atts, Suzhou Atts, Siningats, etc. The operations cover components production, trade, photovoltaics, etc.
In September 2024, the company issued a restriction covering directors, senior managers, core technicians, and boards of directors who felt that there was a need for incentives.
Other employees, 745 of whom, including non-directors, executives, proposed to award shares as a proportion of the incentive, amounting to 70.81%, incentivizing broad coverage and motivation of the workforce. Incentives have high performance targets, highlighting corporate development confidence.
With the steady expansion, the end of a photovoltaic component price game, and the gradual growth of the company’s American component capacity, the Department has sufficient confidence in its own domestic and foreign business development.
Annual income growth reached 70%, and the slowdown in 2023 was mainly due to the overall price of the photovoltaic component industry.
Māori's share of large storage operations has risen, and Māori's share of photovoltaic application solutions operations has risen.
(b) The company ' s client base is better qualified, its inventory is more efficient, its accounts receivable and paper turnover are above the industry level. (3) The company ' s capital structure is relatively stable, its equity multipliers are at the industry ' s reasonable level and its credit position is healthy.
2-PV components: steady growth in global demand with different market surpluses in 2.1 industries: global demand for components will maintain low growth, market growth will be split between Attez being the first echelon of global component suppliers, and 30.7gw in 2023.
The city accounts for about 6%. Photovoltile assemblies, i.e. minimum combinations of photovoltaic cells with encapsulation and internal connections, which provide a single, direct output. Photovoltile assemblies are made of a certain number of photovoltile batteries that are connected and sealed by a chain of conductors.
The production of photovoltaic components consists mainly of straight single crystal/multi-crystal casts, silicon slices, battery chip production and assembly production four links. The photovoltaic industrial chain includes the manufacture of photovoltaic products and the construction and operation of downstream photovoltaic power plants.
The business deals mainly with upstream and mesostream links, with a complete industrial chain of straight single crystals, battery production, and assembly manufacture. Companies are at the forefront of the industry in light-voltage products and technology, while farming overseas high-profit areas, with the city accounting for about 6% in 2023 (according to bnef).
In 2023, the global photovolt machine 444gw, with a 1.2 ratio, developed new technology for battery and components in corporate systems, leading layouts such as totcon, hjt, etc. After many years of continuous research and development, the company has mastered advanced technologies in the photovolt industry, including large-sized silicon.
Technology, high-efficiency monocrystal perc technology, hjt battery technology, topcon battery technology, product technology for the steel tile-bipv system, no-record battery assembly technology, etc.
The end-product of the photovoltaic chain is a photovoltaic component, with cyclical growth properties in the industry. The PV chain is divided into the main industrial chain, the auxiliary material chain, and the equipment chain. The end-product of the PV chain is a photovoltaic component, whose power generation is an important factor in the cost of PV below, because
The increase in the efficiency of this photovoltaic battery conversion and the decrease in the cost of photovoltaics are the main melody that runs through photovoltaic development. The photovoltaic industry is a growing industry. 1) Periodicity: mainly from policy, production, and technology cycles.
Since 2020, demand surges have stimulated production and production, and demand has mismatched the cyclical rise in output from industries.3 In terms of the technology cycle, industry costs have declined as a melody, technology import cycles have changed profitability, and there has been an excess gain in the prior period.
According to bnef, the global market for components grew at a rate of 76% in 2023, with 444gw installed in 2023 according to a global photovoltaic.
For the next three years, we expect global demand for components to return to moderate-to-low growth against a high base. If measured against the 2024 global light voltage of 574gw (compared to the 29% increase in speed) and 1.2, the components will be flat throughout the year.
On the assumption that the average price is 0.8/w, we expect the global component market to be 582.2 billion yuan in 2024, a 24% decline in the same year. The global component market size contraction in 2024 is mainly a follow-up to the outlook that the global photovoltaic machine will grow at a rate that divides regions and markets.
Of the four traditional photo-voltage markets in the world in 2024, the demand for new photovoltaics in the United States and India will increase faster than global averages, with China and Europe increasing or relatively tired.
Figure 192024e-2028e Indian Photovoltaic Adder
The company is in the first echelon of domestic components, insisting on innovative technology development, layout of new technologies like topcon, hjt, etc. China’s demand for components accounts for about 6% of global demand for components, and sales of photovoltaic components are subject to periodic fluctuations and support from domestic clean energy policies.
Total photovoltage demand, rate of return on investment in photovoltaic power stations, price of PV on-line electricity are positively correlated with the price of component products, and the cost of PV insulation, according to bnef, 2023, with 444gw of new PVs worldwide, in line with 1.2.
The ratio is 533gw for components. See the annual reports of companies, 2023, for a total of 412.6gw sold by 10 components, or 77%, and the top five components, 299.5gw, or 56%.
The concentration was characterized by five enterprises in 2023 with a concentration of 15 per cent, 13 per cent, 12 per cent and 222019-2024e global component demand.
Figure 232023 Competition patterns in the photovoltaic component sector, where the domestic photovoltaic industry is facing supply and demand dilemmas and introverts, allows companies to choose a profit-priority strategy.
Figure 24 Light Voltage Chain comprises 2.3 North American Component Business: High Profit High Barrier Market and Corporate Overseas Income Ratio
The United States is a market for high-value components because of the tight supply of local capacity in the United States. In the case of single crystal perc components, for example, during the period 2022q3-2024q2, the tax-free delivery price of components produced in South-East Asia for sale in the United States was 0.15-0.25/w higher than the tax-bearing price of components in China.
While there is a downward trend in the prices of local components in the United States, mainly due to lower costs associated with the decline in raw materials, the price differentials for Chinese components still make the United States market a high-profit market for Chinese components manufacturing enterprises. The price differentials for Chinese and United States components are mainly driven by demand and supply for local components in the United States.
The impact is inversely related to the gap between the supply and demand of local United States components.
The US-China component price differentials tend to be narrow, mainly due to the rise in US indigenous capacity, which is slowly slowing down, and the tension between US supply and demand of local components, but the US is still the most attractive high-profit market in the United States.
In the context of the obstruction of import-tariff trade in the United States, Chinese enterprises have increased the urgency of building group production capacity on the United States mainland in order to continue to maintain their market position in relatively high-profit markets. Atticus has established a 5gw assembly plant in Texas, United States, in 2023, and has reached the age of 2024.
Production, coupled with the construction of 5gwn battery plate capacity in Indiana, United States of America, is projected to be in 2025 3 storage capacity: deep-deeping large-scale roe storage market, branding channels share, vertical expansion of profits
3.1 Rhythm: The Central American Reserve anticipates a resonance upwards, and the storage of energy will be at a turning point. The company is deep-deep in the large offshore reserve market, creating an integrated business model for “storage systems plus the pepc+ long-term service”.
Repository operations, leading to a priori advantage, and placing large storage operations in the company by 2020. Currently, the company has developed a business model of “storage system marketing +epc+ long-term services” that allows for deeper synergies of channels, with the long-term service model including the transport of storage systems.
And compensatory services to help establish long-term partnerships with clients, improve customer stickyness and stabilize cash flow; market positioning, with companies primarily oriented towards large offshore reserve markets in the United States and Central and Highroe, with advantages in the United States, Europe, Australia, China, Japan, etc.
To benefit from the increased demand for pre-winding + storage capacity, storage operations are entering the rapid release phase. In 23h2, the company’s storage capacity is moving into a fast-growing period, with revenues growing in tandem with the arrival end. To benefit from the global large storage resonance, 24h1 achieved the delivery/revenue of large storage systems.
2.6gwh/481 million yuan, an increase of 3309 per 2315 per cent in the same year, and the company ' s up-and-coming year, in terms of industry, orders, capacity, we believe that the current point is where the company ' s reserves can be traded from 1 to n, specifically:
At the industry level, the expected resonance of the Chinese and United States large reserves, with the potential of the emerging high-roe market, can be sustained 1 China: the same increase in the number of tenders for loading, the reality of the large domestic reserves and the expected resonance, remains the main driving force of the current phase, with the competitive configuration of the safeguard projects plus the share of market-based projects in Piti.
New scenes such as the pre-construction/distribution photovoltaic/sea wind/stock project for the promotion of the ISP will start to require storage, all of which will lead to an increase in the actual storage ratio, which will have an impact on the storm concentration wind speed, which will support the medium- and long-term needs of large domestic reserves.
2 US: Large storage growth is supported by multiple dimensions, and the suppression factor is gradually decreasing. As it stands, the U.S.'s large storage/net capacity maintains a high rate of growth.
The annual additions to the cagr amounted to 94 per cent; in January-August 2024, the United States accumulated a cumulative increase in the United States stock and the United States large storage and reconnection volume for 2020-2024.
In the medium- and long-term dimensions, flexibility to regulate resource scarcity and the economy of storage projects will support the United States large reserve growth. 1) Flexibility to regulate resource scarcity: as the U.S. states shift their energy resources, photovoltaic penetration continues to rise, coal power plants enter a centralized decommissioning cycle, starting with coal power plants.
Both ends of supply and demand increase the scarcity of regulated resources. Under the fragmented grid, the “duck curve” in California, Texas, etc. continues to deepen, so that new peaks and FM resources, which can be represented, can be rapidly filled to fill supply and demand gaps, and storage capacity continues to increase.) Economicity of storage projects: at the income end of the spectrum.
U.S. electricity market mechanisms are mature, electricity energy markets, capacity markets, auxiliary services markets, etc. Lithium carbonate prices are falling rapidly, storage can improve initial investment costs, project Irrr levels are higher and upscale, and owners' willingness to reserve is raised.
Figure 36 Deepening of the California Duck Curve 2015-2023 Figure 37 Forecast of the share of renewable energy generation in the United States in 2021-2050
In the United States, there is a slow pace of storage and grid-connection, mainly because of the power grid's incompetence and the administrative inefficiency of the power system, and the power program's queues are too long-constrained to demand. Ferc2023 is gradually landing in the states, and it is expected to accelerate the procession and reconnection in 25 years.
In the meantime, the Federal Reserve reduced interest rates by 50 bp for the first time in September, and is expected to enter the interest-reduction cycle, with projects that rely mainly on loan financing for construction, low interest rates that help improve the cost of financing and opportunity costs, and figure 38 on the U.S. Large Reserve Project Networking Process.
3 Other high-roe markets: the emerging high-roe markets of Europe, Australia, etc. are in the early stages of development, with an increase in large-scale storage plans and a greater potential for domestic integration. On the European side, according to lcp delta, in 2023, the European Big Bank actually co-located 2.8gw/3.6gwhh, is expected to be 2024 large reserves.
On the Australian side, according to Australia's Energy Market Control Centre (aemo), Australia's new storage capacity reserve of 3.9gw/13.5gwh has been added for almost a year.
Tesla, Sun, Fluence, and Attass have 100-mw orders. At the order level, there is a continuous increase in the size of the company’s storage system’s reserve orders, and the high-roe stock orders enter the delivery cycle, which is expected to contribute to the incremental performance.
The branding drive and the global demand for large reserves have increased, with the number of reserve orders for corporate storage systems rising steadily, from 6.3 gwh in early 2022 to 66gwhh in q2 in 24 (orders, chart 42, collating overseas high-roe market orders since June 2023).
At the productive level, the capacity of the company’s large storage system has steadily increased, laying the foundation for its release. At the same time as the supply of goods and orders has increased, the company has actively promoted the expansion of the domestic storage system’s manufacturing capacity, which is expected to increase rapidly from 2.5 gwh in 2022 to the current 20gwh.
3.2 Shares: Highroe market channels have significant advantages, and b-end brand power has gradually become apparent through channel one: holding shareholder csiq storage project reserves are rich in resources and generate revenue for companies at both the direct and indirect levels.
Atlas Group (csiq) energy subsidiary recurrentergy is one of the world's largest developers of publicly owned solar energy and storage power plants with the largest reserve and most geographically diverse power plant projects, with good traceability in more than 20 countries on six continents.
Public utility-level solar and storage power plant development performance, which has a very rich and growing supply of storage power plant projects, rose rapidly from 27.5 gwh in 22q1 to 62.8 gwh in 24q2. In terms of project market distribution, high-roe markets, such as Europe and America, dominate the market.
As of 24q2, North America/emea (Europe, Middle East and Africa)/Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan and China), for companies, we believe that the controlling shareholder, csiq, in both direct and indirect terms, is a reserve for energy projects in the areas of figure 44 Ates Group, 2022q1-2024q2 (gwh)
In terms of construction-in-progress projects, the 24q2 share of construction-in-progress projects has increased significantly and is expected to contribute to the growth in performance. 22q4-24q1 has been affected by the backlog of large United States storage grids, stock project construction has been slow, 24q2 has benefited from integration processes, and the company US 1.4gwh project has entered
At the construction stage, the overall construction-in-progress project reached 3.84gwh, representing 6.1 per cent of the total reserve project, and figure 45 shows the distribution of the various construction-progress energy projects (gwh per cent) by 2022q1-2024q2 of the Ats Group. Figure 4622q1-24q2 Company is in the process of building the storage capacity project (gwh) Chart 4722q1-24q2 Company is in the process of carrying the energy project (gwh)
Channel Two: Synergy in light storage, channels shared with clients. Figure 48 Global localization network layout of the Ates Group Brand advantage - company core competitiveness from channel to brand end, market recognition is not good
Qualified, well-channeled, share: (In the case of high barriers in North America, only Chinese enterprises in the top five of the list: brand power enhancement (financing increase). Chart 492022 Competition Patterns of North American Storage Energy Systems (wh%) Chart 50
3.3 Profit: Industrial chain extension and cycle resonance with new products, profit-adding space is significant The pcs cost ratio has increased significantly in the context of lithium power deflation, becoming an important link in the reduction of energy storage systems since the company ' s 22q4 supply-demand imbalance and the price of lithium carbonate on the material end
The price of the Central American storage system has continued to decline as a result of a rapid decline. By the size of the fall, the average price of 24q1 lithium carbonate/US storage energy system/domestic 2h storage energy system has fallen by 75-36-48%, benefiting from high entry barriers, and competition for large storage prices in the United States has been relatively relaxed.
In both China and the United States, lithium carbonate prices fell significantly more than in the storage system, and the pcs chain prices fell slightly, and we measured that pcs accounted for about 10 to 30 percent of the cost of storage energy systems in 2024, and that the pcs chain significantly increased in importance in the precipitation.
Figure 532023-2024e Cost components of the storage energy system ($/wh) The company's own large group of serial pcs is entering the production stage and has been certified as a US dollar, and the off-sea market is on the move. While maintaining the preponderance of photovoltaic components, the company has continued to do so in recent years.
There is also an expansion in the industrial chain layout, especially in electrical electronics (photovoltaic transformers, large storage pcs). In 2020, the company introduced a self-reflection mono-reverse transformer, which was certified by tüvNand on a monthly basis and now covers the entire landscape of households, businesses, and ground power stations.
Power band (3kw-350kw) with increasing market competitiveness. pcs and photovoltaic inverters have a technical homogeneity, and companies, based on accumulation in a group of string inverters, have entered the pcs field, which currently applies to a large group of 200kw strings pcs and 3.2mw storage.
The variable system was produced in March and certified in June by the United States of America as ul9540, providing a good basis for overseas market use.
Chart 55, pcs, has been officially produced in March 2024. The company continues to promote product rotation, with a new generation of 5mwh large-capacity energy storage system solbank 3.0 volume yield, further promoting mitigation efficiency. The company launched its first generation, 3mwh, in 2022.
Large-scale storage system products, followed by continuous upgrades, 23H1 has completed version 2.0, developed and delivered in bulk, and the company launched the Solbank 3.0 large storage system in December 23 23 23, with seamless integration of high energy.
Density batteries, advanced safety protection systems, high-efficiency liquid cooling and smart control systems, with 314ah cores, increasing system capacity by almost 45% to 5mwh, while field installation of debugging and netting time can be reduced by 40%, optimized heat management systems can reduce ancillary power consumption by almost 30%, and products compete.
On the cost side, a combination of “314ah+5mwh” large-capacity systems can increase the scale effect, spread land and structural parts costs, achieve a 10-20% reduction in the cost of storage energy systems, and be expected to boost the profitability of the company when the volume of 3.0 new products is imported.
The large stock of solbank products in Chart 56 combines a low-cost manufacturing and branding advantage, the potential room for improvement in the company’s large storage ratio, and the supply chain optimization + product rotation + scale effect to realize profitability.
From a corporate comparative point of view, we look at the logic, space and rhythm of the increase in the Māori rate of company storage operations. Based on business models, market distribution, and the three dimensions of the industry chain layout, we select Sunshine Power, Tesla as the standard company, for the following main reasons:
1 Business model: Attez, Sunshine Power, Tesla, “Service System Sales +epc/ Carrier Services” as a business model, mainly oriented towards large storage sites, with a similar business model 2 market distribution: Atts, Sunshine Power, Tesla, North America as the main target city
At the same time, the main difference between the focus on expanding high-roe markets, such as Europe and Australia, is that, with the cost advantage of domestic manufacturing, solar power sources generate a certain amount of income in low-middle- and Middle-middle-middle-middle-middle-middle-middle-middle-middle-middle-middle markets, where Tesla focuses mainly on high-roe markets.
3 Industry chain layouts: Sunshine power, Tesla have achieved the supply chain model of self-researching pcs/bms/ems+ the core, while Artes is still a third party, mainly a supplier, pcs, but its self-research pcs will also be phased in and become more complete
The decline in the price of the core + the fall in product volumes, and the steady increase in the Māori rate for all three companies, with similar increases, confirm the legitimacy of our analysis. (Māori 25%) level, with a gap between sunlight power (Māori 40%) and sunlight power.
As a follow-up, we believe that the logic for raising the Māori ratio of company storage operations is: “Immediately looking at pcs to increase their share of the supply + 5mwh new product, medium-term looking at the scale effect, long-term looking at the cards effect”, and we expect the company to have a stable Māori rate or higher than Tesla,
At this point in time, the company has an advantage in storing energy project resources by taking control of the csiq utility channel, compared to sunlight power, and Tesla, where the company ' s main production capacity is in the country, with the advantage of low-cost manufacturing. The company ' s current Māori ratio is suppressed.
The main factors behind the level were the small volume of one shipment and the effects of scale; the low self-supply rate of 2pcs and the higher cost of extraction; and the low share of the North American market and the low brand premium.3 In the short term, the company has produced pcs in 24q1 and has been certified as a United States dollar.
The self-supply rate in overseas markets is expected to increase; the 5mwh product solbank 3.0 is expected to produce at 24q4, with a significant reduction in costs likely to have a price-cutting effect on hedge energy systems. In the long run, as firms compete, they expand from the channel to the brand end, with market shares.
It is expected to increase further, drawing on Sun power and Tesla, by which time the company’s products will be expected to have a brand premium to support further profits. Figure 582019h2-2024h1 Atts, Sun power, Tsla Storage System Māori ratio
4 Profit predictions and company valuations: 1) volume of shipments: according to mid-2024, the company balanced the value relationship with the inner volume of the component industry, mainly for profit, and therefore delivered throughout the year
Look, we're conservatively predicting that the growth in the output of the company's components will follow the increase in the global demand for light voltage, but the prices of the United States and Central American components will remain at a higher price margin, and the prices of the US 24q3 components will continue to decline significantly, but looking ahead, we believe that the domestic component prices are close to the bottom at the current level.
In the middle, and at the same time that the U.S. 5gw component local capacity is in production, we are releasing the U.S. local component capacity, with a higher Māori market output in the component business rising, taking into account the Māori ratio of the 2024h1 component product to 16.5% and the lower half of 2024.
The price of domestic components continued to decline each year, and the release of indigenous components in the United States over the next two years resulted in the disclosure of 66gwh orders from the Central Bank of 2024, the signing of $2.6 billion in hand orders and the storage capacity of the company until the end of 2024 to 20gwh.
Relative valuation method: We have selected a share of the relevant company as a comparable company for Attez. According to the regulatory classification of industries, comparable companies include sunlight power, Lungi green energy, crystal cocotheque technology, coronal energy, collusive energy, East Sunrise, solar energy.
(b) Considering that the Atlas component operations are still profitable throughout the year and that the United States large stock orders competed for over-expected risks in 2024 in the component industry; and that the United States component capacity releases less than anticipated risks;
In the United States, there are large reserves that fall short of the expected risks. Prudent research methods, the use of legally compliant information, the independent and objective production of this report, the data and information used in this report, the disclosure of information from the market, the absence of any personal assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, and the absence of any assurance as to the information and recommendations contained therein.
There will be no change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only.