We're looking forward to a quick review of the performance of the planetary organisms (600161.sh) - the planetary organisms (600161.sh).
The net return to the mother is 868 million yuan, an increase of 14.76 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, the total operating income in the fourth quarter was 1.353 billion yuan, an increase of 456 per cent over the previous quarter; the net return to the mother was 277 million yuan, a higher than expected increase in the performance of the same period, and the demand for the Qingcang surged. The company ' s profits in the fourth quarter were in the context of a high base of 21q4
The growth continues to be substantial, exceeding market expectations, but the increase in profits is significantly higher than the increase in income and is expected to be a product price increase: in December 22, the shift in domestic immunization policy has led to a sharp increase in the number of new coronary infections, a sharp increase in demand for Qing C and a sharp increase in out-of-hospital market prices for patients with severe illnesses.
Profit growth is also higher than income growth, and is also related to the change in the stockholding ratio of companies to Chengdu's June 2021 replenishment. Looking ahead, in 2023, the country's new coronary disease patients brought in massive demand, while supply-side growth is expected to be limited, and blood products are expected to remain high throughout the year.
More magma stations have been put into operation, and new bases have become more profitable. 2022q4 so far, two more slurry stations have been licensed in Guizhou province, the magma station and the river.
In North Province, the company has the largest number of slurry stations, and the company's drug cartel has been more advantageous in gaining access to them. On the other hand, 1,200 tons of new craft production from the Chengdu Yongyan base came into operation in August of 22 years, 23 of which are over, and we appreciate the prospect of following up on the company's new production performance.
Investment proposal: With the liberalization of the country's immunization policy, the demand for blood products has increased for new coronary diseases, and the construction of the magma station is expected to solve the bottlenecks in the supply of blood products.
Tons of plasma processing capacity to match international first-line blood products. We predict the risks of slurry and end demand 2022-2024, the risks of new products being developed and marketed at a slower pace than expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.