FLET (601865): Cost increases bring about four seasons of performance Pressure, accelerated expansion of the company's output - 2021 Report Review 2021 FLET published 2021 Report, and 8,713 million operating revenue achieved by the company in 2021
RMB, or 39.18 per cent; net profit from maternity, or 2,120 million yuan, or 30.15 per cent; continued high sales and further expansion of production capacity
In addition, in March 2022, the company announced that it would invest in the construction of six 1200 tons of day-melting light glass, which is expected to be set on fire at 2023-2024.
Year. At present, companies share the first ladder in the light glass industry with Shining Light, with a combined market share of more than 50 per cent, and it is expected that the market share will increase further as the company expands its capacity.
In terms of profitability, the company collected 2,376 million yuan in 2021q4, or 2.89 per cent of the ring; it was at the bottom of the stage, mainly subject to freight prices, raw materials and fuel costs.
The company’s profitability is expected to improve as the demand for downstream photovoltaics warms and the price of glass rises.
The company has now completed the acquisition of the three-power mining, the entire stockholding of the Dahua mining, the expected recovery of more than 40 million tons of the fossil rock mineral reserves, which secure the company's production base.
With sand demand and quality safety reduced the company’s dependence on the external purchase of lime sand, the rate of self-sufficiency of the stone sand would increase significantly. The light-voltage machine would be less than expected, the company’s glass would be less productive, and the raw material would be short-graded.
• Introduction by the New Energy Group for Electricity Equipment, the Entreprise Strategy and six years of research experience in new energy sources.
Zhang Xiang, Head of the Electrical Equipment Unit, Master of Financial Sciences, Bachelor of Science, Shanghai University, 4-year securities industry studies, research directed towards new materials benefiting from the development of new energy sources.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.