21q4 performance was short-lived, with the extension plus the \triangleright dollar for up integration. Of this, 2,375 million won in 2021q4 quarters, an increase of 5.89 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net return to the mother.
403 million yuan, a 50.67 per cent decline in the same year, mainly due to the imbalance in the supply and demand of photovoltaic glass in the fourth quarter of 20 years, high prices, while 21 years, without taking into account the impact of freight charges on the cost line, resulted in a steep fall in the price of raw materials, such as pure alkaline, resulting in a year-on-year increase in the cost of light glass and a year-on-year decrease in the price of light glass, q4 industry
Cost advantages are significant, leading the profit-making industry. In 2021, the company collected \triangleright 721 million dollars, an increase of 36.28% over the same period.
The vendor ' s Māori ratio declined, and the company ' s annual gross glass ratio, 35.70 per cent, remained at in-house leadership levels.
The price of silicon is expected to go down, and the photovoltaic sector maintains a high profile year-round. \triangleright takes into account the silicon industry year-round. \triangleright
The fall in prices triggered downside prices in the industrial chain, with high demand levels and a year-on-year increase in the need for double-bond components and large-size silicon. At the same time, as the structure of the company’s products continues to optimize, the ratio of two-bond, large-scale shares has risen significantly, and the company’s glazing glass is expected to be profitable in the context of the high-scenes + double-bond trends + large-scale industries.
The power is expected to rebound at the bottom of a 21q4 ratio. Production capacity continues to expand, leading to upward integration.
The demand for glass has continued to rise, and the company has continued to expand its production to meet its clients' demand for large sizes and thin glass, and is currently in construction for phase III and IV of the company's Emblem Base, with four solar melting kilns of 1,200 tons in South China, which are expected to release 7 1,200 tons/d in 2022.
Research assistant: Li Kyung-po, with a total of 8,400 tons of new capacity, and the company plans to complete four 1,200 tons each in Fungyang and Nantong in 23 years. As a result of the gradual expansion of capacity, the demand for upstream raw materials, i.e., quartz and sand, has increased significantly.
Prices are the core element of the glass chain competition, and companies have acquired 100 per cent of the stock of the mining and the tri-power mining industry through cash payments and debt obligations, which can enhance supply chain security while increasing their self-sufficiency.
Lead firms, product expansion plus up-scaling, are expected to benefit from the rapid growth of the photovoltaic industry, \triangleright methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.