FLET (601865): optimized industry pattern, leading growth is (for the first time) leading business in the light glass industry, with clear cost advantages
The company was founded in 1998 in Ka Sing, Zhejiang province, was listed in Hong Kong in 2015, and in 2019 it was listed as the leading glass manufacturing company in the country. The company ' s 2021h1 light glass Māori rate was 50.3%, compared to 2nd and 3rd line.
The cost gap is over 10 per cent, leading the industry, mainly in the lower cost of raw materials from companies, in the use of kilns and in the know-how industry, which has accumulated over the long run, is at a low profit point, and the pattern is about to be optimized.
In this context, the two-line capacity has been partially delayed, and, in some cases, it has been partially delayed.
Some of the capacity is close to, or has reached, the point of ignition, which is expected to affect subsequent production, and the industry pattern is expected to be optimized. Corporate growth is highly certain, and multiple factors are expected to exceed expectations.
The company’s cost advantage is not simply from the kiln, but rather from a long-term build-up of the generation, so that the vanguard position and the barriers are stronger, expanding production during the low-profit period of the industry is more certain. With the prospect of gradual warming and wide glass penetration downstream in 2022,
One step up, energy consumption and raw material restrictions on the expansion of second- and third-line firms, companies, we see a clear cost gap and a profit ahead of the glass chain in the industry, a light-voltage machine with less than expected, a lower rate of downstream start-up, and increased competition in the industry.
Maestro, Business Strategy and six years of new energy research experience: Master of Finance, Bachelor of Science, Nakayama University, four years of experience in securities research, directed towards new materials that benefit from new energy developments.
I don't have, I don't have to, I don't have to, and I don't think it's because this is the case.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is used only by customers of Chinese securities.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.