Iri shares (600887.sh)
Reconciling demand, h1 runs under a charge of 19.4 per cent over the same period, net profit after deduction of $5.320 billion, a fall of 8.2 per cent over the same period, and profit differentials due mainly to the transfer of the q1 company to Chang Qui-heung ' s new realization; on this basis, 2q realized the return on investment;
27.34 billion, a 16.5 per cent decline in the same year, recording a net profit of 1.6 billion, a 40.2 per cent decline in the same year, a negative impact on macro-consumption and a low consumption of h1 dairy products. At the company level, H1 liquid milk achieved an income of 36.8 billion, a 13 per cent decline in the same year (q2 and 19.6 per cent decline in the same year), while retail share was the highest in the industry;
The reverse growth drove the milk powder and dairy industry to earn 14.5 billion, an increase of 7.3 per cent (16.5 per cent for the same year), the market share of infant powder increased by 1.7 pcts to 16.9 per cent for the same year, the market share of adult milk powder was the highest, 0.5 pct for the same year, and the cheese business was zero.
Market share increased by 1.2 pcts on a year-on-year basis; cold drinks generated revenue of $7.32 billion, a decrease of 20 per cent from the year-on-year (44.3 per cent for q2 years) and were affected by low demand and rain-fed weather; and other products (water, original milk prices were low and profitable.
35.02 per cent (1.58 pcts to 34.9 per cent higher than in the main business), of which 1.27 pcts higher in liquid milk and 2.78 pcts higher in milk powder and dairy, with the effect of scale gradually showing a 1.97 pcts lower in the cold-drinking business; and 1.97 pcts lower in q2
Increases from 1.1 pcts to 33.8 per cent. Channel adjustments to add-up Olympic expenditure affect the h1 rate, with lower spending expected in the second half of the year. Cost increases ranged from 1.4 pcts to 23.3 per cent in the first half of the year, with sales rates rising from 1.4 pcts to 23.3 per cent in the first half of the year.
Institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulation a, 1.8 pcts, mainly due to increased marketing costs as a result of the rechannel adjustment and a certain loss of efficiency as a result of controlling the delivery of goods, in addition to an increase in marketing inputs related to the Olympics; q2 sales cost ratio is the same as the q2 sales rate
2.25 pcts to 20.56%, resulting in an increase in the cost rate of 2.08 pcts over the same period. h2 is expected to be light. The company increased its sales in the first half of the year to digest stocks, and the current dealer's offer is expected to improve. In the second half of the year, we expect a weak recovery in liquid milk demand, but due to new products.
It is expected that the product structure will continue to be optimized as prices rise, prices are expected to recover steadily, and the share of the market benefiting from the milk powder business rises and maintain strong growth prospects. Moreover, the company’s production costs are tempered by low original milk prices, and post-Olympic marketing inputs are expected to improve h2 performance.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. were not made by individual clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.