On 29 August 2024, Ili issued its semi-annual report for 2024.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn 2-quarter income pressure, improved profitability due to reduced consumption; net return to mother $7,531 million (up 19 per cent), deductions
Interest rates increased by 2 pct to 34.78 per cent, mainly due to lower original milk prices; sales cost increased by 2 pct to 19.48 per cent, mainly due to increased advertising costs, which are expected to level off in the second half of the year as income recovery and scale effects become apparent;
Management costs are equal to 0.1 pct to 3.93 per cent, mainly due to lower salary costs for employees  slow delivery of liquid milk and continuous growth of milk powder operations  products, 2024h1 liquid milk/milk powder and dairy/cold drink products/other products
Inventory, slower delivery pace, better actual sales than statements; infant powder 2024q2 received, double-digit acceleration at low base, adult powder focus functional attributes stabilized market first; cold drink operations sold at the end of 2024q2 affected by consumption demand and weather
Slow; non-milk business plans create a second-growth curve between water and current tea. Channels are still to be repaired, multiple panels are growing.
The company seeks to create diversified channels to exploit consumption opportunities in the canals of snacks, tobs, etc. The branding of the company in North/South/China/East China/Other areas remains strong, the channels/products are well protected, and revenue is expected to pass through.
The repairs will be improved on a seasonal basis, with a gradual return-sharing strategy, which is expected to increase competition, the cost of raw materials, and the growth of core products.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
(cfa, three years of research experience in the food and beverage industry, covering the areas of beer, halo, and brandy.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.