Eli (600887.ch): The industry is growing up under a new normal pattern.
• Down to the “holding” rating: Eli is undoubtedly the leader in China's dairy industry, with strong brands and robust basics. However, in the face of slower demand in the dairy industry, we fear that Eli's future profit growth space will be limited.
This also means that, at a slower rate of income growth, there is relatively little room for Ili to achieve efficiency gains, and it is more difficult than Monx to continue to raise profit rates. We predict that Eli will receive more in the next 2-3 years.
On the basis of the above net profit increases, we believe that Eli’s current valuation (13x2025p/e) lacks sufficient value for money. Given the uncertain outlook for the industry, we move down the Eli to “possess” rating and downgrade it.
• Future revenue growth depends on the recovery of end demand: subject to corporate clean-up channels, Ili terminal milk sales are down by the same number as before. Management states that the liquid milk pipeline adjustment was settled in July on average as of March (million yuan)
At the end, the pipeline stock is now back to healthier levels. The company 2h24 will be cautious about the delivery festival, and the income from 2h24 liquid milk depends largely on the recovery of end demand.
We are cautious about the pace of growth of income in the medium-to-high digits, but in the face of weak short-term industries. Less than the Monx (-12.6%), but the cost of sales has failed to rise on a year-to-year basis, making it profitable to operate.
Management’s goal, excluding one-time gains, is to maintain a flat annual profit level (better than net interest rates of more than 8.5%). In the dairy industry, income growth slowed and high endification was limited.
• Increasing shareholder returns, moving from growth to value: management says that the red rate is not growing much in the coming years, but that Eli has a strong brand, a solid base, and a good cash flow.
If the company can further increase its shareholder returns, it is expected to help the company further unlock its investment value.
Pilgrim International Spdbi's optimism and pessimism scenario
An optimistic scenario: corporate income and profitability grew better than expected by 8 per cent in the year 2025 in the volume of liquid milk sales; 20bps in the cost of advertising in the year 2025;
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of the 20bps increase in advertising costs in 2025 states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements may be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]