The current supply of dairy products is overstretched and requires overall pressure, and companies are willing to optimize their channels and diversify the growth of their operations, partly to counter adverse factors.
Liu Xinjiang achieved a reverse growth, thanks mainly to an increase in the share of high-quality products + secondary formula registration, which contributed to the recovery of the number of newborns in the year, and a double-digit increase in the number of meals b2b.
The cold-drinking business is influenced by weather factors and base factors. Depending on the channel, 24q2 distribution/direct camp income is the same - □:pengxiaoying_yj@chinastock.com.cn
The company actively develops the overseas market, with 24h1 overseas operating income equal to +4%. The original milk price continues to fall, and the impairment loss partially offsets the cost dividend. The 24q2 net return interest rate is 5.9% compared to -2.3 pcts. For specific splits, the Māori rate is 33.6%, compared to +1.0 pcts, mainly the original milk.
Price dividends continue, but companies deal with excess supply through powdering, with 24q2 credit/assets impairment losses equal to +4.3/12 billion, partially offset by cost dividends. Sales cost rate 20.6 per cent equal to +2.5 pcts, gross sales margin equal to 1.5 pcts, mainly due to stock-age adjustments with reduced promotion input and scale effects; and management costs
In the short term, the pressure on the original milk supply has gradually eased, and milk prices are expected to stabilize for 25 years; demand and policy support are driving consumption back to warmer.
In the medium-to-long term, companies have formed strong cities and rivers up and down the industrial chain, and are expected to benefit from an increase in market share over the long term and move to a global leader in breast-milk production.
Word enabling + Leap control + product-class structural upgrades will boost interest rates. The red scale leads, the buy-back process continues, the security margins are valued, and the `recommended' rating is maintained.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Liu Guangmi, Master of Economics, joined the Human Security Institute in 2020, and joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, with a focus on non-drinking plates (the catering supply chain, etc.).
This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities do not need to be treated as a customer by the recipient as such. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of services, control investment risks, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy Securities Agency or the customer manager, you should complete the investment.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.