New Hope (000876): Restoring the poultry plate and sustaining the feed business.
Main financial indicators (in billions of yuan) • Re-entry of industrial warming profits and consolidation of dominance: 742.7 million tons of feed products sold by companies in the first half of the year, an increase of 8.88 per cent compared to the previous year, of which pigs are the same.
In addition, the company experienced a fall in net profits in the first half of the year, as a result of the low prices of pigs and poultry in 2017. However, with the warming of the chain of poultry farming in the third quarter and the recovery of profits, the net profit ring ratio for the third quarter of the company grew by 64.26 per cent in the same year.
At the same time, since 2016, the company has been working with farmers to secure the sale of feed. The poultry model now covers 8,800 families, with about 7,000 chickens and ducks per month.
In the pig industry, the new, new, six-culture model has been expanded further, and has been instrumental in the marketing of the company's pig feed.
Farming has increased significantly, and downstream deep processing has increased over time: with the growth in stock prices (last year), the company is expected to produce 2.3 million pigs throughout 2017, driving the public out.
In the first half of the year, there was a 17.7 per cent increase in sales of deep-processed products with high meat products from companies, a 18.0 per cent increase in sales of fresh products with high meat products.
This represents a significant increase over last year. In addition, the company’s central kitchen business, which it completed last year, was well run, and sales profits have steadily increased and are becoming a new point of growth in the industrial plates.
The advantages have been strengthened by the continuous advancement of farm plates and downstream deep processing, which maintains the “Audit the Maroon: University of Hel, UK, Master of Business Management, Major Research and Tracking Area: Large Consumption Report, produced by Hua Xiaobo securities for customers only. The company will not be treated as a customer by recipients of this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
An independent assessment shall be made, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.