China's China Central Free (60188.sh) Annual Review: Profit in the epidemic, capacity pressure, firm view of 23 years of passenger + city + profit rate as good, and tax-free increment in the city.
China is exempt from disclosure of the 2022 annual report: 54,433 million yuan in 22 years, a 20 per cent decline in the same year;
Discounts are consistently tracked: 22 years of duty-free sales of $26 billion, a 39 per cent decline in the same year, and the Maori rate, which has led to an increase in the tax volume on the line and a decline in the rate as a result of higher treatment/discount: 22 years of taxation, by region: 1) 22 years of under-sean passenger pressure, and several closings of under-line shops to make the camp a reality.
A 26 per cent drop in the same year, a 25.43 per cent increase in the same year, 2 pct; 2) a significant increase in the Shanghai area, resulting in a significant increase in revenue and a higher discount: 14.45 million yuan in revenue, a 13 per cent increase in the same year, and a 22.94 per cent increase in the same rate.
(b) For the second half of the year, the shop in Sanya was closed for almost two months, with limited passenger flow and performance pressure: $30,244 million in 22 years, a 15 per cent decline in the same year; and 2,555 million in the same year, a decrease in the net profit for mothers.
39 per cent, of which 22h2 was the mother ' s net profit of $97 million; 3) the hare company collected $5.638 billion in 22 years, a 65 per cent decline in the same year. We expect the main cause (sub-purchase, booking) business to be adjusted to Sanya ' s inner store. The net profit now stands at $724 million, resulting in a negative net interest rate of 12.84 per cent; the net profit of the mother is $346 million, and the mother ' s return is the mother ' s.
Net interest rate 6.14 per cent; 4) Shanghai discounts increased and visibility increased in Shanghai on a day-to-day basis, sales of billions of yuan under the pressure of the Shanghai epidemic dropped by 9 per cent in the same year, mother ' s net interest rate fell by 4.45 per cent, and 1 pct reduced efficiency gains significantly lower than the Māori rate ' s decline; 5) Beijing ' s 22-year harvest in Beijing increased by 3 per cent in the same year; and the mother ' s net profit increased by 3 per cent in the same year.
Financial Analysis: 1) Māori ratio: Under epidemic pressure, tax ratios increased and discounted as a result of 22 years of increased supply readiness in Māori and Hainan; 22 years of operating cash flow - 34 billion yuan, a 141 per cent decline in comparison, mainly due to a fall in revenue.
Following up on the outlook, we expect to achieve a full-scale increase in sales, market access and profit margins to help cindasecuitiesco., Ltd.
According to sales in Beijing, Beijing, West Side, 9th Street, Building 1, it's still attractive for tourists to re-enter the country, and we expect the flow to return to 90-100% in 19 years; i.e., to buy land on the verge of landing, the share of refined items on the market continues to increase, or yes.
(b) Market access is free from competition in terms of prices, branding, geographical location, and visibility, and tax exemptions are granted in the Bay of Sea and the new seaport to ensure that sales are flexible enough to follow the flow.
Collectively, a steady increase in city occupancy is expected; 3) The expected level of free profits is expected to recover further as the level of free Korean prices rises, the share of ordinary consumers rises, and the structural optimization of free middle income;
4) In addition, the tax-exempt policies in the city are expected to continue to grow and are expected to contribute to the growth in performance. Recent market concerns over the impact of immigration liberalization on the Hainan duty-free market have been greater, with no-share returns, but the company, as a white horse unit with excellent operational capacity, resource endowments, and supply chain capacity, has been more concerned about the impact on the Hainan duty-free market.
We expect China to realize its performance by fully enjoying the return of overseas consumption and tax-free policy dividends. We expect China to save itself from the 2022 annual disclosure on the evening of March 30: 54,433 million yuan in 2022, a 20 per cent decline in the same year, and a net profit of 5,03 billion yuan in the same year.
2.1. Breakdown of operations: The Māori rate of duty-free operations is still increasing with the same rate of sales under the same pressure and the tax volume is continuing with the same rate of tax-exempt operations 1. The Māori rate is increasing with the same rate of sales under the tax-exempt business epidemic, consistent with the deductions we have been tracking: 26 billion yuan for 22 years, a 39 per cent decline in the same year, and Māori 39.41 per cent, a 2pc increase in the same year;
2. Tax operations: short shelf life for perfumed products. We expect stock pressure to increase the amount of taxes on the line, with impending treatment 2.2. Divisional division: 22 years of epidemic impact on sub-sean sales and a significant increase in Shanghai revenue 1) Hainan region: 22 years of epidemic impact on sub-seanan passenger currents and several closings at the bottom of the line, 22 years of operationalization in the sub-seanan region
34.7 billion yuan, a 26 per cent decline in the same year, and a 25.43 per cent increase in the same year; 2) Shanghai: a significant increase in the Shanghai area, where we expect the main cause of the increase in visibility and/or partial absorption of the South China area stocks: in addition, the Shanghai region experienced a decline in the Maori rate or increased discounts, resulting in the Shanghai region camping in 22 years
RMB 14,145 million, a 13 per cent increase in the same year, and a 22.94 per cent decrease in the Māori rate, a decrease of 8 pct. Lower, the passenger current ring ratio is repaired but still at a lower level, while the sales of the repurchase channel are higher: 22q4 companies have higher actual management costs, the impact of the start-up costs of the new seaport and the possible impairment of certain assets, and the net interest rate of the parent is one.
Step down to 2.67 per cent, the lowest level in the last 10 quarters. Figure 10: Quarterly Māori rates and net interest rates of companies (%) 2.4. Fragmentation of plates: sales in Shanghai continued to grow at the same rate as in the aftermath of the epidemic.
(b) Sanya City Shop: For almost two months, Sanya City Shops were closed due to the epidemic, with limited passenger flow and performance pressure, and 30,244 million yuan was collected throughout the year, a 15 per cent decline in the same year; and 2,555 million yuan was realized in the same year.
Rearmarked) operations to Sanya City; net profit of $724 million and negative net interest rate of 12.84 per cent; increased attribution and visibility, and sales under the Shanghai epidemic continued to grow on a year-to-year basis; net return of $629 million, a 9 per cent decline compared to the previous year, a 4.45 per cent decrease in the net interest rate of the mother, a decline of 1 pct compared to the same period. Net interest rate of the mother was significantly lower than the Māori rate
5) Upon reaching Beijing 22 years, 1.96 billion yuan was collected in Beijing, an increase of 3 per cent over the same year: the net return on motherhood was 0.05 million.
To; stock turnover is 1.64 per cent lower than in the previous year, and we expect the company to have 26.9 billion yuan in book money, a steady cash flow, and the company's 22-year sales on the Hong Kong stock market. In 2022, the company continued to refine its internal skills, with a number of core advantages and driving, with brand values and a full range of tourism services for three consecutive years.
First of all, the industry has a strong position: the introduction of brands has continued: in 2022, the company introduced a new Givenchy (Givance), brunellocucinelli (Bruneno Cucchinelli), Debiers (Dabils), Parmigiani (Pamajoni), Pomellato (Bob)
On October 28th, 2022, the world’s largest single-body duty-free shop, the Seagate International Freegate was exempt.
Opening of the tax city to attract more than 800 internationally recognized brands, many of which are “First” and “Unique” brands for domestic and global retail tourism channels; (2) Construction of curtain walls, machinery, electricity, fire protection, etc., for the tax-free commercial part of the Sanya Sea Bay, phase 2, which is scheduled to be completed on 30 June 23, with brand shop entrances
Renovation of conditions and opening of operations on 30 September; 3) The company, in association with Teogu Real Estate, successfully acquired the Tria Sea Bay III project to combine efforts to build a high-end retail tourism complex; 4) The Hainan International Logistics Centre II project has been completed ahead of schedule and is expected to improve the commodity abundance and logistics distribution efficiency of the company ' s Hainan market.
(a) Cross-border tax-free access: the company has successfully won the T4 terminal at Xiaoshan Airport in Hangzhou, the Chengdu two-stream airport, the Xu Xinxian airport t1 terminal, the Guangxi East-Hing crossing (the Second Bridge Integrated Service Area), the Shanghai Port International Passenger Terminal and other duty-free shop operating rights, further deepening the access advantages of large and medium-sized airports and ports in the country; and (b) within-city tax-free access.
Channels: The company continues to promote research, site selection and contracting of stores in priority cities and to prepare for the organization of shops in the city, in addition to the six municipal stores currently deployed in the country, and the municipal tax-free shops in the cities of Wuhan, Chengdu, Xian, Tianjin, Fuzhou and Guangzhou are in the process of preparation, with access to high-quality traffic being blocked in several priority areas; (3) overseas channels:
In addition to the major policy breakthroughs and the non-departure of Cambodians from the Cambodian border, the company successfully promoted the bidding process for overseas project expansion and tax-free business rights by adding two Hong Kong retail outlets to the dutyzero Bay and Central Circle stores in 2022, and won the bid to operate the "Med" and the "Med" and "Med" cruises and the "Nb1508" cruises under the banner of the Chinese.
Three municipal duty-free shops will be exempted from buying duty-free goods in order to provide development space for future duty-free operations. Promotion of continuous innovation in marketing: companies will increase their media advertising campaigns, provide full-scale promotion and precision marketing through live broadcasts, oto currents, vip events, etc., and combine reality with virtual technology to attract young consumers;
(a) Core competitiveness continues to be refined through such marketing methods as star visits, kol/koc outreach, short videos, social media, ota outreach, etc. (i) procurement vendors: companies have established long-term partnerships with over 1,300 well-known brands around the world, making full use of new brands, exclusive products and initial advantages to work at a deeper level in multiple areas; and (ii) supply chains;
Management: efficient and rapid distribution of goods throughout the country is ensured by the seven major customs control logistics centres in the company ' s country, initial development of a network of warehouses in Asia and the Pacific and increasing efficiency of the supply chain; 3) channel development: companies have 10 complete duty-free retail outlets and high-quality market resources, with some 200 duty-free shops covering more than 100 cities, both within and outside the country.
The city, which has six duty-free shops off the island in the Hainan area; 4) digitalization; continuous company promotion of shop-level intelligence, sale scene applications, completion of the Seagate International Tax-Free City information package project, piloting of new projects, such as Vr/ar Factor City, pilot screens, etc., in overseas locations, Hainan, to further enhance the ability of key shop users to convert; 5) marketing promotion:
The company continues to optimize the General Conference system, with a total membership of more than 26 million people.h Shares are on the market, with a “a+h” dual capital platform: the company was successfully listed in Hong Kong in August 2022, with more than 18 billion Hong Kong dollars, becoming the largest ipo project in Hong Kong in 2022, and has since been incorporated into Henseng, msci, etc.
As a follow-up to the Global Impact Stock Index, which successfully interfaces with international capital markets, further enhances corporate brand influence and international market visibility, and contributes to corporate internationalization, we expect to achieve a full-scale increase in sales, market access, profitability, and performance:
In terms of sales, Hainan is still attractive to tourists against the backdrop of a sustained recovery in the flow of incoming and outgoing passengers, which we expect to recover to 90-100 per cent in 19 years for 23 years; with the opening of the new seaport and the rising share of ordinary consumers, the share of refined goods sold has continued to rise, with customs having repeatedly disclosed far more than $9,000 in prices for 23 years, and at the same time with instant purchases and acquisitions.
We expect high unit prices to continue, and we expect to boost sales to continue. Markets are high, with excellent vision and forward-lookingness in the shop layout, pre-eminence is hard to shake, brands are introduced, dust-free, hot products are in place, and visitors' attractions are constantly increasing.
With branding, geographical location, full visibility and competition, and a high-quality tax-exempt complex in the Bay of Sea and the new seaport that is truly flexible in terms of sales as customers rise, we expect a steady increase in the rate of free-market participation;
(b) In addition, the municipal tax-exempt policy is expected to continue to grow in the context of the return of incoming and outgoing visitors to the warmth, with the exception of the tax-exempt city in the deep layout \triangleright
On the other hand, it is hoped that the acquisition will be further consolidated, with tax-exempt operations in the city expected to contribute up to $50 billion to the market value of the market. The market has recently been more concerned about the impact of the liberalization of entry and exit on the Hainan tax-free market, with a higher return on the share-free price, but the company is acting as a firm.
The White Horse Unit, which has excellent operational capacity, resource endowments, supply chain capacity, is expected to fully enjoy the flow of overseas consumption and tax exemptions, as well as sales, which fall short of expectations.
In November 2022, they joined the Sinda new consumer group. They covered cosmetics, medical beauty, social clothing, Li Bong Jing, Master of Science at the Champagne branch of the University of Illinois, Bachelor of Science in Economics at the South-West University of Finance and Economics, and the Sinda new consumer group in November 2022.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.