Qin Railway (601006.sh)
Qin Railways issued a year-round forecast for an increase in its performance: the company issued a 17-year forecast for an increase in its performance, which fell short of our expectations. The announcement stated that the company expected a net profit increase of $6,165 million over 17 years, which resulted in a lower than expected performance of about 1.3 billion. On a quarterly basis, it achieved a net profit of $2,096 million, yoy, in four quarters.
The demand for rail transport drives performance, but the growth in freight transport has been flat for the last four quarters: the growth in corporate performance is mainly due to the increase in the volume of rail freight. During the reporting period, the domestic coal market warmed up, the price of coal was high, the average price of powered coal in 2017 was 585 yuan/tonne, yoy+27 per cent, coal.
In 17 years, companies completed freight transport of 430 million tons, vov+23.1%, and the company returned to the base price in March, with no increase of 1 ton per ton.
But, according to the split quarter, there was a significant slowdown in the volume of cargo in the four quarters of the company; in October, it was flat; it was 110 million tons, yoy + 0.5%, of cargo in the first quarter of the four quarters. We also decided that the cost of labour had increased in the four quarters as a result of a one-time incentive to pay all employees.
The product mix plus the transport rate was at a flat rate, and the four-quarter net profit rate fell significantly to 3.64 per cent. Policy increases in the price of freight space: further liberalization of rail transport prices by the Commission in December 2017
The system, based on base prices, expands the size of enterprises from 10% to 15% of institutional investors as a share of circulation a, starting on 1 January 2018.
In the case of demand, the company’s profits are expected to be higher in the first quarter of 18 years if the market situation is not right. In the case of company dividends, the Qin Railway has been stable for more than 50% in recent years, and the rate of dividends is much higher than that of its counterparts.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.