Performance tends to increase steadily, and there is room for the valuation to restore the logic of Qin's investment in railways. Long-term performance or maintenance high: Qin's core assets were cumulatively transported in 2017
432 million tons, an increase of 23.1 per cent compared with the previous year; the increase achieved throughout the year, mainly as a result of road overcrowding and environmental protection, which led to the return of road coal, which has been warming the coal market since the second half of 2016, which has guaranteed a high level of traffic along the Qin line; and it is expected that future national supply-side reforms will be carried out in the long term.
To raise the market share of the "3-S" high-quality coal, the Great Qin line serves as an important route for the "3-S" coal outlet.
(b) Reform circulars that provide government-directed-priced whole-car shipments autonomously at base prices depending on market supply and demand.
3. “The average daily traffic on the Qin line in July was 1.17 million tons, summer days, and there was scope for the valuation of the Qin railway unit: 1.19 million tons per day on the Qin line in June for the first half of the year.
After a year, the volume and prices of shipments have increased steadily, with relatively fixed costs and a steady increase in profitability.
40%, or about 1.5% of the current share rate. Compared to the Qin Railway, profitability and dividends, the return of road coal and the coal market optimization company, which maintained its long-term high levels of transport, the market for railway freight prices, the field-based reforms have increased price elasticity and long-term performance or will increase steadily; and the company gains against the United States railway shares.
There is an advantage in profitability and dividends, and valuations are relatively low and there is much room for valuation restoration.
Diversion effects: Road governance and environmental monitoring are not as effective as expected, resulting in lower relative costs of road coal transport, coal outflow roads, etc. Analysis of rating ratios in the relevant reports in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment