The M & A of Xinhua's remaining shares has made significant progress and is expected to increase corporate performance: a notice of the exercise of the right to sell has recently been sent by the hpe entity to Purple International, where Hpe will sell its 39% share in the Xinhua stock.
Upon completion, Xinhua International will hold a 3-100% stake in Xinhua. The Xinhua stock (000938), the M & A of Xinhua's remaining shares will make significant progress, and when the M & A is completed, will add to the company's performance.
According to the company announcement, in May 2016, Purple Light International Information Technology Ltd., a fully-owned subsidiary incorporated in Hong Kong, completed 51 per cent of the Xinhua Three Group Ltd., which held 31 per cent of the Xinhua stock through Purple International; hewlett
Picardenterprisecompany, through its wholly-owned subsidiary h3choldingslicited (hereinafter “hpe Cayman”) and zarholdingco hold Xinhua thirty-eight and one percent, respectively, and according to company announcements, hpe Cayman and zarholdingco will sell their holdings to Purple Light International.
The sale price for each share of Xinhua is to be determined in accordance with the Shareholder Agreement by 15 times Xinhua San's tax profit after deduction of non-recurring gains and losses for the 12 months prior to 30 April 2022, divided by the total number of Xinhua San's shares on the date of notification of entitlement.
. Subject to the applicable legal provisions, the hpe entity and Purple Light International shall, to the extent possible, determine the price of the right to move and the exchange of the right to move within 30 working days of notice of the sale of the right or other period of time to be reached by either of them, and sign the respective share purchase agreement. ]
With the future M & As acquisition of Xinhua's remaining shares, the company will achieve a 100% merger of Xinhua's 3rd share and will raise the net profit level of the company, which is the lead company in the country's ict equipment, Purple Shares (000938.sz):
There is a complete whole-of-industry chain of cloud-net-side-end-core digital economy, and in the era of digital economy promise, hard-tech taps are gaining ground and long-term growth space is wide.
Purple shares (000938.sz): Performance expectations, enhanced profitability, Purple shares (000938.sz): Performance instruments
"According to expectations, the ict market rate continues to lead."
House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City, where the share of the multi-product market continues to lead, and the position of the ict is stable.
According to the latest data released by idc, in the first half of 2022, the company continued to take the lead in many products, ranking first in the market for the Ether, Enterprise and Data Centre exchanges at 36.9 per cent, 37.9 per cent and 37.8 per cent, respectively; in the market share of China's enterprise network routers at 30.7 per cent, continuing to rank second in the market; and in the Chinese market for servers at x86
The market was ranked second in 17.5 per cent of the field; the market share of China ' s blade servers was 52.1 per cent, and the market was ranked first in the United States; the market share of China ' s storage was 13.5 per cent, and was ranked second in succession; the market share of China ' s utm firewall was 23.8 per cent, and the market was ranked second; and the market share of China ' s super-integrated market was 24.6 per cent, and the market was ranked first.
\triangleright achieved business income of $23,831 million a year, an increase of 20.95 per cent a year; net profit of $1,777 million a year a rise
20.82%. In 2022, H1 Xinhua III focused on the three main markets for domestic business, domestic operators and international operations, its intra-China business grew steadily, amounting to RMB 18.22 billion, an increase of 18.16% compared to the previous year; domestic business cooperation deepened, generating operating income of RMB 40.04 billion, an increase of 38.34% compared to the previous year; international business steadily advanced, with products.
The scale of the sale of solutions has continued to increase, with an increase of RMB 905 million, or 13.88 per cent over the same period, of which Xinhua 3H3c brand products and services have generated income of $356 million, or 17.71 per cent over the same period.
There have been continuous breakthroughs in the fields of smart medicine, digital finance, and intelligent transport, and participation in the writing of a number of industry standards, while Xinhua has launched a new model of creative ict services, creating the Tob, Tog, ict-wide commercial city, Xinhua Three Business Town, which is officially on the line to provide a one-stop ict service to its clients.
A number of commonly used solutions, online integration to meet the digital transformation needs of clients in different sectors, and digital transformation and upgrading of customers in a wide range of enabling industries. Domestic operators: 2022 h1, Xinhua III in-depth implementation of the Xinhua two-line strategy to promote the integration of the operator cloud network
In the technical areas of active deployment of a network of operators numeracy, certainty networks, liquid cold data centres, light-quantitative core networks, etc., the expansion of the political and business markets and emerging market operations has led to a rapid increase in the size of the operator’s operations.
All of the seven packages were rounded up, with a winning value of more than 3 billion yuan; the winning China Telecom First Urban Cloud Network Equipment vbras Collection Project, which entered key Chinese telecommunications operations such as Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Guangdong and Sichuan; and the winning China Wide Power 5g Core Network Project - an item for the procurement of the int cloud pool equipment, which provided an int cloud pool for the China Wide Power 5g Network
The required overall solutions such as cloud platforms, hardware and hardware products, combined transport, and accompanying engineering services: the China Connected Firewall Collection project with the largest share and fully deployed in the core scenes such as the Connected Communications Cloud, 5 gc, Bones and Cloud Pool; the continuation of the China Mobile Data Centre Exchange Collection Project, the China Mobile IT Private Cloudsdn Framework Collection Project, China
Key projects such as the Connected Data Centre Switching Project, and the China Connect Cloud Server Collection Project, further breakthroughs in the operator’s high-end strategic market: core router cr 19000 continues to expand, further in the first half of the year, breaking through the core nodes of the three major operators’ urban area network; and successful moves to China’s 5g small stations, steadily boosting power in China.
Pilot and testing of Xinhua and China's 5g ministations. Operators have expanded their operations at an accelerated pace, with a rapid increase in the scale of new operations: high growth in household products, such as smart family gateways, home-based cameras, and a significant increase in the scale of their operations; and the Xinhua Sanhu desktop, a provincial framework for the movement of Chinese companies in nearly 20 provinces, the framework
Over 500 million yuan; cooperation with and deployment of the cloud desktop operations in the Utsundo Province of China; and further cooperation with the three operators on the new security-specific line of operations, which has become the leading partner in the three operators’ security lines. International operations: 2022h1, Xinhua San has continued to strengthen the layout and talent team of overseas affiliates, which are now overseas affiliates.
The number has reached 12; 225 new overseas certified partners have been added, bringing the total to 1,055; the overseas service system is expanding, with more than 200 overseas service partners. In response to the international market demand for Chang Zinhua solutions, four priorities have been issued, namely, co-location solutions, innovative educational solutions, efficient medical solutions and reliable public service solutions.
Scene-based solutions have been applied in several countries, including Malaysia, Japan, to achieve breakthroughs in government, health, education, finance, energy, transport, etc. The critical technology of the purple cloud has continued to evolve, and cloud services have continued to break through.
In 2022, h1, the core subsidiary, Purple Clouds, achieved operating income of $558 million, an increase of 42.38 per cent over the same period.
Construction, active layout of an overall solution for marginal clouds and distributed clouds; enhancement of the user-friendliness and maintenance of cloud computing products, with high quality of delivery, operation and transport services; increased technology development, improvement of soft gateways, technical capacity of the Paas platform, roll-out of the Lake Warehouse technology programme, and completion of national production in cloud platforms, cloud desktops, computing virtualization software, databases and big data
In the area of cloud services, smart cities, and industrial clouds, there has been a steady breakthrough: cloud services, which have been marked by an uproar of the cloud, tax clouds in Chongqing, public security in Shenzhen, and public security in Luoyang.
Projects such as China’s construction of the city’s capital, China’s capital, China’s capital, China’s capital, China’s capital, China’s capital, China’s capital, China’s capital, China’s capital, China’s capital, China’s capital, China’s capital, China’s capital, China’s capital, China’s capital.
\triangleright, a leading domestic ict equipment company, has a complete “ cloud-net-side-end-core” industry chain, and we see that the company has not developed as much as expected in the digitally calculated industry; overseas operations have not developed as expected; and the debt restructuring of the parent company has not worked as expected.
In January 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which covered the intellectual manufacturing and cloud computing of the industrial chain, the cable and communication new energy chain, the smart car and smart grid industrial chain, the 5g industrial chain, etc.
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications sector, covering areas such as networking, vehicle navigation, smart power grids, operators, 5g applications. Chen Guang Yi, member of the Communications Group, Ph.D. in Physics, Beijing University, Condensed Physics. In December 2021, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Programme.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.