The share of purple light (000938.sz) has been growing steadily overall, the share of ict infrastructure has been rising steadily, the share of ict infrastructure has been growing steadily overall and the share of ict infrastructure has been increasing continuously.
Billion dollars, equal to +13.09 per cent; sound development of product distribution and supply chain services operations; and a slight decrease in net interest rate levels achieved by companies. Structurally, it benefits mainly from faster growth in corporate ict operations, with a largely stable structure of management, marketing, R & D costs and a total of 634 million financial costs during the reporting period.
Building up the capacity of digital integrated programmes to solve problems and keeping many product markets ahead. The company’s ability to do so is being further enhanced around its “Cunt-in-Kind” technology strategy.
Improving the value of products. 1) The technological capacity for products and solutions continues to improve digitization.
The Division is ranked second in the Tetanet/enterprise network/data centre exchange, / Blade server/super-integration market, first in the market, enterprise network router/x86 server/storage market/utm firewall market, " Purple shares (000938.sz) " - proposed acquisition of Xinhua thirty-nine per cent of Xinhua shares, substantially upgrading the public sector
Utility shares (000938.sz) - Multi-products markets kept ahead of schedule Investment proposals: lower profit forecasts and maintenance of “buy-in” ratings. Utility shares (000938.sz) - simultaneous advancement of domestic and foreign operations, opening of ict services
" Purple shares (000938.sz) - Transfer of shares to completion, opening of a new chapter of operations " , based on the actual performance of the company in 2022, taking into account the impact of the epidemic on the company ' s speed of delivery, Little Purple shares (000938.sz) - the location of the debt restructuring programme, looking at the company ' s long-term history.
The overall revenue growth remained steady, the share of the ict infrastructure continued to rise, the level of Māori rose slightly, and exchange gains and losses and expenditures increased significantly. Interest rate levels increased slightly, and net interest rates decreased slightly.
The structure of management, marketing and R & D costs has remained generally stable during the reporting period, with total financial costs of $634 million, an increase of 317 per cent over the same period, which has increased significantly, mainly as a result of the increase in losses on the exchange of Xinhua, a subsidiary.
Figure 5: Māori ratio of UV shares, changes in net interest rates (by quarter) Figure 6: Change in cost of UV shares three rates (by quarter) Figure 7: Māori rate of UV shares, changes in net interest rates (by year)
Figure 8: Changes in the three cost ratios of the purple shares (by year) Building up the capacity of the integrated digital solution around the “Technology of Clouds” strategy.In 2022, the company continuously upgraded the technology of the integrated digital solution around the “Technology of Clouds” strategy
Capacity, technological expansion in the following areas: 1) Continuous integration of certain networks, technologies such as network computing, intelligent senses, numeric networks, microservices and smart digital platforms into products and solutions; 2) Optimization of numbers such as zero carbon smart parks, digital finance, smart medicine, digital energy, smart education, smart response, etc.
(c) Promotion of continuous evolution of co-constructed cloud structures, building of cloud-breeding clouds and improving the layout of cloud service operations; and (d) sustainable technological innovation, rich industry practices, upgraded cloud operation and cloud service capabilities in the direction of green low-carbons.
The company’s market share in the Ethernet exchange market, the business network exchange market, the data centre exchange market, the blade server market, and the super-integrated market is among the top markets.
In China, the net router market, the Chinese X86 server market, the Chinese storage market, and China’s utm firewall market are the second largest markets, and there is still much room for development in the future, keeping an eye on the company’s ability to integrate solutions in the digital transformation of multiple markets and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them