Xinhua shares (000938.sz) are intended to acquire 39% of Xinhua shares and to significantly increase corporate profitability.
Ma Sunglong announced that when the Hpe entity sells 39% of its Xinhua stock to Purple International, it will hold Xinhua 3 100% of its share, and the sale price per share will be deducted from Xinhua 3 for 12 months prior to 30 April 2022, as agreed in the Shareholder Agreement.
15 times the post-tax profit is determined in cash by dividing the total number of Xinhua 3 shares as at the date of the power announcement. 1) According to the company announcement, Xinhua 3 will become a fully-owned subsidiary of Xinhua 3 shares upon completion of the transaction, which will significantly increase the total profits of the company. Xinhua 3 is the leading subsidiary in the domestic ict field under the flag of the Xinhua 3 shares. According to the company ' s financial statements, Xinhua 3 separates between 2020 and 2021.
The current revenue of $368.44.3 billion (+20.52 per cent/20.95 per cent) and the net profit of $2.77.34 billion (+6.6 per cent/2.2.24 per cent over the same period) will result in a significant increase in the total net profit of the company to its parent.3 The completion of the transaction will contribute to further optimization of corporate governance and equity structures, with companies continuing to focus on their main industries and to consolidate digital solutions on a continuous basis
Programmatic capacity, contributing to the transformation of the digital economy. Annually completed (when specific transactions are completed, the firm ' s actual trading announcement remains the basis for the calculation of the above-mentioned period only on hypothetical terms), Xinhua Xinhua is the leading country ' s ict leading firm, with many product markets occupying the highest position
Purple shares are home-grown, ict-led, company-based, all-store products and service providers, and the company Xinhua has continued to expand its operations as a digital base, providing an integrated service from hardware and software to integrated solutions. The company currently produces its own equipment, including network, computing, cloud, safety, etc., where exchange, wlan, enterprise routers, safety hardware, super-integration, etc. are marketed in the industry.
The first two, have a clear competitive advantage in the political market. With their own and partner channels, the company builds a well-developed marketing network that effectively reaches all levels of the Xinhua 3-Deep-Nine-Ray chain and constantly upgrades digital and intelligent capabilities. The company has an overall capability in computing, storing, networking, 5g, security, terminal, etc. digital infrastructure that provides cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, industrial connectivity, etc.
Xinhua’s three main product lines are the Ethernet exchange, enterprise routers, enterprise level wlan, x86 servers, enterprise-level storage, security hardware, super-integration, sdn and cloud management platforms.
Xinhua III will become a fully-owned subsidiary of the Purple Shares after the completion of the transaction and will significantly increase the company ' s total profits. According to the company ' s financial disclosure, Xinhua III achieved a net gain of $368.44.3 billion (compared to +52.2 per cent by 20.95 per cent) in 2020-2021.
Figure 3: Xinhua ' s net profit and year-on-year increase (Billions, %) Figure 4: Purple share income and year-on-year increase (Billions, %) Figure 5: Purple share net profit and year-on-year increase (Billions, %)
Once the acquisition is completed, it is expected that the net profits of the company as a whole, as well as the roe level, will increase the overall profitability of the company. Once the transaction is completed, it will help to improve corporate governance and equity structures on a sustainable basis.
Capacity to facilitate the transformation of the digital economy. Yearly completion (the completion point of the particular transaction remains based on the company’s actual trading announcement, which is measured only on hypothetical terms), company options cannot be successfully completed; transactions are completed late; upstream clients invest less than expected; chip supply is limited; networks and integrated solutions are available
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject