Utility shares (000938.sz) Communications group Digital transformation accelerates and ict taps progresses steadily
1. “Improving operational capacity, cash flow growth bright-violet shares, 2022 Quarters: optimized income structure and improved operating cash flow”.
2. " Growth of non-net profits over-expected, income structure continuously improving - Purple shares 63.1 per cent. Xinhua’s three branches received 49.8 billion yuan, an increase of 12.3 per cent and a net gain of 3.73 billion yuan, an increase of 8.7 per cent; the purple cloud completed the mixing of cloud structures into distributed clouds.
Upgraded structure, advanced scenario application, improved level of digitalized services across the warehouse, real operating income of $1.503 billion in 2022, an increase of 49 per cent over the same period. Increased sales returns from subsidiaries, improved corporate cash flows and net cash flows from operating activities of $4.02 billion during the reporting period.
As the main core operator, the company continues to break through three major business scenes: the backbone of the operator, the urban area network, and the 5g feeder network, with Xinhua’s domestic operators operating in China.
With a rapid growth of $8.83 billion in operating income, 37.7 per cent over the same period, overseas operations have established 12 overseas subsidiaries worldwide, with 1,359 certified partners abroad, and have issued solutions such as office, education, medical care, etc. to enhance digital service capacity.
In 2022, the company’s market share of many products, such as wlan, switchboards, servers, routers, etc., continued to take the lead and remained at the top two in the industry.
According to 51% of the stock, 88% of the firm’s net profit in 22 years was contributed by Xinhua, which would significantly increase the company’s profits if the acquisition was completed. Xinhua, as the leader of the country’s ict, is a high-quality asset in the digital economy, looking at the company.
We expect increased competition in the public and private sectors; 5g less advanced than expected; trade friction between China and the United States; and overseas markets.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market