The year 2022 saw a steady growth in performance, with equity incentives highlighting long-term confidence in beauty care + 30.92% of beauty care + medical beauty + 30.8% of income in four quarters alone + 5.8% of income, net profit for mothers + 8.95% of income + net profit
The profits are equal to -5.3%. In the fourth quarter, the impact of the epidemic affected the company as a whole and the ring performed less well, although the company earned 638 million yuan a year, an increase of 65.61% over the same year.
Compared to 2.42 pct, which is well regulated; the rate of management costs is the same as +2 pct, which is mainly the cost of port stock listings and human investment in research and development. Stock turnover days are 25 days higher than the same, as a result of the company’s increased reserves of products in response to the risk of an epidemic, with a net operating cash flow of $1,194 million, or 26.64%.
Emmett (300896.sz) - Three-quarter non-net profits increase by 52%, core products (300896.sz) - collections and profit increases close to 40%, new products (300896.sz) - resubmitted to Hong Kong stock listing application, determined to push forward the outreach
Investment Recommendations: In the short term, the recovery in consumption has been good since this year, with medical and American consumption relying on a stronger product, Emerica (300896.sz) -- more than 60% of both the harvest and the profit increase, a profit scale, repurchase sticky is expected to bring about a rapid recovery of demand, and companies, as industry leaders, are expected to take the lead in the recovery of the beneficial end.
Trends. In the long run, companies are expected to sustain their growth with a high degree of product awareness, mature channels of operation and a lack of "America (300896.sz) - all product lines perform beautifully, earning well-developed product ladders, and equity incentive schemes highlight the sustainability of growth in companies.
Long-term development of confidence. We expect the company ' s net return profit forecast for 2023-2025 to be 1.853 billion yuan, the fourth quarter of the bill yielding +5.8 per cent, the mother ' s net profit + 8.95 per cent, and the non-net profit + 5.03 per cent.
The gel injection product accounts for $638 million, an increase of 65.61 per cent over the same year, of which the regenerative product “getting” more than $300 million in income performance during the day contributed to overall growth. In addition, the surface-planting product income increased by +1.39 per cent over the same year, while the cosmetic series was affected by internal adjustments - 76.82 per cent over the same period.
In terms of financial data, the company’s Māori ratio has steadily increased, and sales rates are well regulated. In 2022, the company’s Māori ratio was equal to +1.15 pct to 94.85%, benefiting from a higher Māori product as a percentage of upgrading and branding.
As a result, net operating cash flows amounted to $1,194 million, or +26.64 per cent of the year.
The announcement of the first restricted stock incentive scheme (draft) for 2023, with a limited grant to the target audience, was addressed to 141 persons, including the Chairman, Jang Jun, the Managing Director, Shih Yi Feng, and the Secretary of the Board of Directors.
Six directors and senior managers, including Jane Yong, as well as mid-level managers and core technical (operational) staff, 135 were awarded, as shown in the table below.
At the level of individual performance, if performance at the corporate level is evaluated in each year, the incentive person actually belongs to the limited number of sexual shares in the year in which the person is actually assigned = the number of restricted shares in the year in which the person plans to belong – the proportion that the individual is able to belong in the year in question, a/a+ attribution rate of 100 per cent, a rating of 80 per cent, and an assessment of b and below 0 per cent.
The impact of other incentive schemes or employee shareholding schemes, where they exist, in general, corporate equity incentives have highlighted long-term development confidence, taking into account the achievement of objectives, ensuring that incentives are in place to motivate staff and enhance the firm ' s core competitiveness.
Investment recommendations: In the short term, the recovery in consumption has been positive since this year, with medical and American consumption expected to recover demand quickly with a stronger repurchase of products, and companies, as industry leaders, expected to take the lead in benefiting from the recovery end. In the long run, companies are expected to recover with higher product awareness, mature channels, and a constantly improved product ladder.
The sustainability of current growth, with equity incentive schemes, also highlights the firm’s confidence in medium- and long-term development. Considering the needs of the epidemic at the beginning of the year, the author assures that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.