The firm released its 2022 report on 8 March, which generated its operating income of $1.939 billion, compared to the previous year.
Billion yuan, equal to 5.80%; q4 net return to mother $271 million, equal to +8.95%, and performance is as expected. Product matrices vary in layout, pushing revenue up. Companies achieved operating income of $1.939 billion in 2022, \triangleright
In 2022, the company increased its product competitiveness and impact with a comprehensive and differentiated product matrix and a clear product orientation. In 2022, both the company ' s solution and the gel injection product increased by the same amount, and the solution injection product was achieved, with rapid growth during the day and product pre-positioning, reaching more than 600 by the end of the 22nd year.
By the end of 22 years, the company had more than 300 sales and Liu Wenzheng market personnel, covering about 5,000 medical institutions; the company insisted on “direct marketing” and marketing.
At the end of the Māori ratio, the company Māori Jung Yi-chul in 2022 has a steady upward trend, mainly due to the fact that the company ' s revenue continues to rise and costs are lower than the scale effect;
In addition, the increase in management costs is mainly due to the third quarter of 2022 of the Hong Kong Unit:
The product has a strong pre-eminence, with sustained stick-and-tight growth. 1) The core product is high, the neck-clip market 2. Consumer buy-backs for sales in the 2022 semi-annual report of Amer (300896.sz); eye-deep market demand drives panda needles to be sold; and pop bubble needles as water light.
Compatibility products are expected to benefit from a higher market share of industry regulation. 2) During the day: good spread during daytime, 3. Emericas (300896.sz) 2022q1 quarterly reviews: good slogans at both medical and consumer levels, good sales momentum, sustained upturns in corporate revenue. 3)
Mother ' s net profit yoy + 64.03 per cent, post-disease recovery elasticity - sodium gel is in the clinical trial phase; injection with a type A botox, with Korea ' s huonsbp signing an agreement with Korea ' s company 2022/04/30
As the only distributor in the Chinese region, entitled to import, distribute, etc. the “hutox” of botox, this is a deep report by the company Emmett (300896.sz): Deeper Cooperation is expected to strengthen the company's meat toxin pipeline layout and improve integrated competitiveness. (4) Subsistence stocks are abundant: packages
Equity encourages sound corporate mechanisms and demonstrates corporate confidence.
By attracting and retaining excellence, fully mobilizing corporate directors, executives and core managers, with 117 per cent increase in corporate issuances, with products expected to expand again in the context of tight regulation - shares, accounting for approximately 0.129 per cent of the total corporate equity at the time of the announcement, the first incentives awarded included Ms. Jane Jun, Chairman of the Board, and Mr. Dong.
A total of 141 persons, including Mr. Ishi Yi Feng, the director of the company and Mr. Jane Yong, the secretary of the company, inspired the evaluation, 2023 - \triangleright \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.