On January 3th, the Chinese Medical Association released "The Orthopaedic Beauty Risk Management Guide during the New Crown Epidemic."
Some investors are concerned about the impact on the pace of recovery of American and American consumption. The guidance states: “The patients in the early four weeks of rehabilitation of the new crown, and the implementation of small and medium-sized health care carefully.
The US project, in principle, prohibits allergen surgery projects and carries out rigorous pre-operative tests”, and presents the risk of injecting pain allergy to products such as bottox. The guidance is not mandatory, but rather presents risks and offers recommendations, pre-operative tests and skin tests are normal compliance procedures, and therefore the whole body is subject to normal procedures.
Given the spontaneous nature of medical consumption, we believe that it has a limited impact on medical consumption, and that short-term events have an impact on market moods or provide an opportunity for layout, guided by the right guidance of medical and aesthetic practitioners.
After the liberalization of overseas controls in 2021, the international medical leader Al-Giang's sales were quickly restored and the core product maintained a higher rate of growth: it can be seen that the core of the doctor's head remains resilient after the epidemic, and that it consumes the country's health and beauty.
Recovery and marketing of products provide a point of reference, as companies act as medical champions in the country, as the effects of the first wave of epidemic infections gradually fade as the disease policy changes, end-flow recovery and, in the future, consumer sentiment repair or further increase the firm’s high-growth certainty.
During the day, there is ample room for institutional coverage, doctor penetration and high growth potential for the products.
The obstacles to mobility have been largely eliminated by reducing resistance to the construction of health-care facilities during the daytime, without excluding the possibility that companies will also boost the marketing power of their employees through various in-house initiatives, by: (1) increasing the accreditation of each machine physician; (2) promoting the marketing of products through, inter alia, the expansion of new institutions; and (2) increasing the number of new facilities.
Waterlight: Regulation accelerates the phase-out of water supplies and conforms to the opportunity for development. In March 2022, the FDA adjusted the water light needle (injection with sodium transparent acid solution) to be monitored by medical devices of the iii type.
Pipe, the water light market is no longer located in the regulatory grey zone, and under this trend, current water light compliance products (e.g., H2O, high body 2.5 series) or the first to enjoy the dividends of the rapid growth in demand for “water cargo” products, the company in 2023 or through “equipment plus product”
A wide range of ways to penetrate more health-care institutions and grow. Profit predictions and investment ratings: medical-American consumption is spontaneous and sticky.
Medical taps are expected to benefit from this. In the future, they will repair or drive the growth of high body matter more often than not, while at the same time regenerate them during the daytime, and comply with the high rate of increase in water light products.
Risk factors: the epidemic has repeated consumption below the line, sales of new products have fallen short of expectations, and products have been approved.
In 2021, he became Director-General of the Center for Modern Services Studies. In 2022, he became Deputy Director-General of the Center for Research and Development.
Wang Vietnamese, Master of Finance, Shanghai Transport University, Bachelor of Economics, Nanjing University, graduated from graduate school in July 2018, joined the Social Services Group on Securities in Industry, and joined the New Consumer Group in November 2022.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Science in Champagne, University of Illinois, B.A. in Economics, University of Finance and Economics Southwest, joined the new Sinda Consumers Group in November 2022. The main components cover cosmetics and medical beauty.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.