I'm going to take care of you, and I'm going to take care of you, and I'm going to take care of you.
4q slowed down by the epidemic, issuing equity incentives to stimulate business activity The company released its 2022 performance of $1.94 billion, an increase of 33.9 per cent, and recorded a net gain of $1.26 billion, an increase of 31.9 per cent, a net profit of $1.2 billion, an increase of 30.9 per cent and a Māori ratio.
270 million, a 9% increase in the same year, net profit after deduction of 230 million, a 5% decrease in the same year, and a 4q Māori increase in the same year, with products sturdy, sturdy day-to-day rapid penetration. The company gained faster growth, year-round, on the basis of observable external influences and class advantages.
The needle represents 1.290 billion dollars in income from solution injection products, an increase of 23.6 per cent over the same period, and 640 million dollars in daytime gel injection products, such as Bonida and Amélie, an increase of 65.6 per cent over the same period.
During the reporting period, the production of plant line products reached an income of 5.38 million, an increase of 1.5 per cent over the same period, and cosmetics, a decrease of 2.57 million, a decrease of 76.8 per cent over the same period, which was fully recognized by downstream institutions and end-users during the day-time period, and rapid downstream market penetration, with products reaching more than 600 health-care institutions by the end of 2022.
More than 700 doctors have been authorized. There has been a marked slowdown in income and profit growth in 4q compared to the previous quarter, with institutional investors accounting for a share of the circulation a. Following the liberalization of the new crown disease control in December, high-impact infections affected American institutions.
The combined cost rate increased by 2.7 per cent to 21.46 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of: 1) the increase in the cost of port share listing services (not yet heard) and labour costs, which resulted in an increase in management costs of 93.8 per cent over the same period (over 2 percentage points over the same period), and R & D.
The increase in labour fees and service fees resulted in an increase in R & D costs by 69.2% over the year (1.86 percentage points over the same year). The 4q rate increased by 7.42 percentage points to 32.67 per cent over the same year, the management cost rate The equity incentive to bind the employee’s interests and further stimulates business activity. At the same time, the company issues equity incentives.
Plan (draft) to award about 41.73 million shares to directors, middle and senior managers and core technical (operational) personnel for a total of 141 persons, representing about 0.2 per cent of total equity at the time of the announcement, for the first time
There's a lot of things in the clinical trial sequence, such as a strong company, a rich reserve of back-up products, rectification of the back-up, and a second-generation planting line.
In addition, the company extended the product matrix outward by acting as the sole agent of the Korean “hutox” meat toxin and acquiring shares in the plyon protein-related labels.
And 46 times as well, as the impact of the epidemic subsides, medical demand is expected to recover and “inter-zone operations” are expected. This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., whose investments and investment services provided by Group Benefit Bonds (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.