Emmett (300896). Performance meets expectations. Equity incentives to show confidence in development.
Events: Companies published their annual report 2022. Total year: 2022: 1.94 billion operating income. Emmett was the leader of the country’s producers of medical and pharmaceutical equipment, / yoy+33.9% net profit for mothers, 1.26 billion / yoy+31.9% net profit, deducting non-net profit, 12.20 billion / yoy
According to Frost Sullivan, based on sales in 2021, the company is China’s largest skin based on transparent quality acids – billion/yoy+9.0%, with a net profit of 232 million/yoy-5.03%.
The core product has grown steadily, the high-end new product has continued to be released during the day, the product has been promoted in an orderly manner by billions of yuan/yoy+23.6%, the income ratio has been 67%, the advantage of hectic adaptive disorders is strong, and the neck pins, bears, etc.
Cat needles, water light needles, multi series of relays and repurchases, leading to a sustained rise in income; gel injection products 33%, with daytime gradually increasing awareness and recognition as a high-end regenerative charger, market awareness, rapid growth and release period, reaching more than 600 doctors by day 2022
In addition, the company is researching product pipelines, injecting a type of botulinum toxin at the clinical trial stage in iii; strategic layout in the area of enhanced weight management and lipid reduction; and reprogramming of deoxygenesis.
The Chole Acid Injection Project, an exclusive collaboration with Beijing Qatar Biopharmaceuticals Technology Ltd., has been developing high-quality tracks with large market space, clear competitive patterns, and strategic layouts, and approvals are progressing in an orderly manner, which is expected to support the growth of companies in the medium and long term.
Product strength guarantees bargaining power, adding up high unit prices, high Māori product share, and the company maintains a high profit level. In 2022, the company ' s Māori ratio was 94.8%/+1.15pt. of which Māori is the solution-filled product Māori Panda needles, bubble needles unit prices are higher than the original neck pins; Māori is the gel-filled product
96.5%/+2pct. With a steady increase in Māori rates driven by the continued release of high-end products such as Bonida during the day, company technology and license lead, we believe that future differentiated products will have strong advantages and guarantee bargaining power and high levels of profitability.
Issuance of equity incentive schemes, binding cores, and raising confidence in development. For the first time, companies have issued equity incentives, which are intended to award a limited stock of up to 4173 million shares, or about 0.19 per cent of the total equity, to companies for profit projections and investment ratings: companies as leaders of mid-American medical producers, improved product matrices.
Technology is strong, proven experienced, products are ahead of schedule, and channels are widely sold. The company’s marketed goods are poor, the advantage of alienation will continue, making sure it is profitable, rich in pipelines and promising to come down, growing up, the source of Eastern wealth and prosperity.
Clear lines, a build-up of service under the epidemic, promising full access to the expansion and compliance dividends of the health and beauty market, and a sustained and rapid growth in performance. We expect the company to make a net profit in 2023-2025 for Emmett (300896), each: performance meets expectations, and equity incentives highlight confidence in development.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Emmett (300896): Performance meets expectations, equity incentives show confidence in development
Wei Wooming’s assistant, mainly in cosmetics, tax exemptions, gold jewellery, electricity dealers, traditional retailing, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.