A steady growth in performance, with the release of the equity incentive plan to bind core talent - Emerika (300896), 2022 annual report, 32 per cent growth in performance and a slight slowdown in the impact of the epidemic in the fourth quarter.
In 2022, the company achieved operating income of 1.939 billion yuan, an increase of 33.91 per cent and a net return to the mother of 1,264 million yuan, an increase of 31.90 per cent. Four quarters of the year, the company was affected by the epidemic, with revenue of 449 million yuan, +5.8 per cent, and net profit to the mother of 271 million yuan, + 9.03 per cent.
Division Māori/sales/management/R & D/financial cost rates, respectively, have steadily increased channel penetration during the day, with corporate solution injecting products achieving business income of $1,293 million, +23.57 per cent, in terms of product sub-products.
During the day, it grew rapidly, reaching over 600 medical beauty clinics with over 700 doctors by the end of the 22nd year. The company’s direct sales model rose further from 61.01% in 2021 to 64.40%.
Modified with transparent sodium acid gel, a type of venom toxin used to remove dynamic wrinkles, second-generation facial implants used for soft tissue lifts, swirling fluids used for chronic weight management, and solubility.
The company also acquired 100% of Pei Chilong’s shares through its holding company, the former. The company released a stock incentive program, tied core talent, and demonstrated long-term confidence-building.
The company issues a draft scheme of equity incentives to award up to 41.73.2 million shares to 141 executives, middle managers and core technicians, including Chairman Jang Jun, Managing Director Seok Yi Feng, and the company is the leader of the country ' s medical industry, and the product matrix of heterogeneity fully benefits from the industry dividend.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.