In the year 2022, the company published the 2022 annual report, which generated a total operating income of $1.939 billion, up from the same period the previous year.
Wei Hongmei's performance in 2022 was slightly lower than expected.
Revenue of 449 million yuan, an increase of 5.80 per cent over the same period, and net return to mothers of 271 million yuan, followed by a national peak in the first wave of infection, with the demand for medical and American consumption being held back everywhere. We anticipate that, with economic recovery, the impact of the new crown type B tubes, though the new crown this year, the impact of the epidemic will fade.
The epidemic is still likely to be repeated, but the confidence of the population in consumption has gradually recovered, while the depressed demand for medicine and beauty has been released, driving the growth in the size of the healthcare and beauty market. As a head-supplier for light medicine and America, companies are expected to benefit first from the recovery in the health sector.
In addition, the gel products show good performance, mainly as a result of the rapid growth of the new version of the mammal needles, “made by day.” By day, they are home-grown and the world’s first approved left ecstasy-Broe (ttm)
By the end of 2022, the highest price in December brought in more than 600 medical beauty institutions during the day, authorizing more than 700 doctors, which are expected this year.
In 2022, the company’s Changping Research and Development Centre was launched in a favourable manner, covering medical devices, biological agents, cosmetics, etc.
Visually, sodium modifier transparent acid with polyvinyl gel microballs for the correction of post-couples gel gel gels are in the clinical trial stage: Injecting a botulinum toxin to improve eyelids is in the iii clinical trial stage; second-generation facial implants for soft tissue upgrading are in the clinical trial stage;
The local lyscopic carotidine mammogram for full skin prior to adult shallow skin surgery is at the clinical trial stage; the injection of transparent acidases for the dissolving of transparent acids is at the clinical front stage. The company first issues equity incentives to show confidence in development.
The ticket incentive scheme (draft) is intended to provide incentives to a total of 141 company directors, senior managers, middle-level managers and nuclear technologists/operators; the limited stock package is proposed to be not more than 41.73.2 million shares, representing approximately 216.36 million shares of the company ' s total equity at the time of the draft incentive announcement
Investment proposal: The company focuses on medical beauty products, which are domestic needle taps for boulic acid injection, and enjoys a medical bonus in the industry. The company’s medical art pipelines are gradually being enriched, new paint needles are being promoted well, research reports, “positive” investors are suitable for use only at risk levels not higher than “medium- and high-risk” levels, and “radical” investors are suitable for use by our divisions.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.