The impact of the epidemic on net profit growth is robust, and the new "Black Angels" is impressive.
The net profit rate has been maintained at +30 per cent or more, but it has declined significantly over the 2021 + 100 per cent increase. The q4 increase has fallen significantly in the q4 splits, with the net profit growth rate of both recovery and repatriation increasing at a single digit rate, delaying performance throughout the year, largely as a result of the impact of the epidemic.
The new product, "Big in the Day" , offers a second growth curve: based on full-scale, differentiated product layouts, there is a steady increase in corporate market ownership and penetration. By product, 1) Solution-type injection products (mainly high in the form of highs): 12,393 million yuan.
By the end of 2022, it had reached more than 600 health-care beauty institutions.
Authorisation of more than 700 doctors. 3) Facial implantation: $5.378 million in revenue, harvests of the United States dollar, increased R & D investment, deeper weight management & botox market layout: active promotion of innovation.
In 2022, the company invested $173 million in research and development, which is a year-on-year increase, and the distribution of the bottox market. In the area of weight management, the company reprogrammed the deoxychoic acid injection project and signed the Sigrum injection project with Beijing Quantico Biopharmaceuticals Ltd.
In the area of bottox, the company signed an agreement with the Korean huonsbiopharma s02705160001 co., ltd. that the company would be the only distributor in the Chinese district and enjoy “hutox” meat.
S0270522030002 Ongoing progress of the research project, technology reserves: the company is researching a rich stock of products, covering areas such as skin fillings, weight management, facial implants, etc. The product pipeline is expected to increase continuously, including
Modified and transparent sodium acid gels (clinical trial phase), injection of a botulinum toxin (iii clinical trial stage), second-generation facial implants for soft tissue upgrading (clinical trial phase), for the correction of post-college shrubs
Locally anaesthetic Lidocainca estasy for the whole skin (Pycling phase) prior to adult shallow skin surgery, transparent injection of acidase for the dissolving of transparent acid (preclinical phase) Release of equity incentive scheme to fully motivate core staff: company released 8 March
The first restricted equity incentive scheme (draft) in 23 years, with a total proposed grant of about 0.129 per cent of total equity, targets such as company directors, senior managers, middle managers, core talent, full employee motivation and long-term corporate development.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: a slow recovery in overall consumption in 2023 and an increase in corporate performance, expected to be driven by growth in corporate performance; long-term, high-profile medical industry, national production substitution, and tighter regulation will be conducive to the development of compliant leaders, and corporate-led products will continue to grow in volume.
At this stage, there will also be a gradual roll-out of reserve products, with considerable scope for growth expected. Taking into account the company's own strengths and industry trends, the company's “buy-in” investment rating will be maintained. Risk factors: epidemiological risk, industry policy change risk, product R & D and registration risk, market.