IT hardware and equipment: q3 high growth, laying a solid foundation for the year's performance, achieving a net profit of $758 million from the parent deduction, an increase of 54.49% from the same year.
The current operating income is 2,874 million, with a 16.13 per cent ring increase, a net profit of 267 million for mothers and a net interest rate of 9.29 per cent, down 1.04 pct from the single quarterly value of the second quarter.q3 high growth, which provides a solid basis for performance throughout the year, is analysed as follows:
In terms of profit tables, income growth is largely a result of higher downstream demand, combined with a three-quarter spread, and corporate output is still in short supply. Operating costs increase by 22.98% compared to the previous year, lower than the growth rate, mainly due to increased cost control by companies, higher per capita efficiency, and optimal product balance.
The cost of the period, in terms of the company’s current financial costs, has been reduced by increasing capacity utilization and good rates, and by increasing the stock/flow (millions of shares) of raw materials at lower prices in the prior period.
The overall market value/flow (millions of yuan) was less rapid than revenue, indicating that corporate costs were properly controlled. 62.49 per cent, mainly due to the increase in business volume during the period, cash payments for raw materials and payroll payments.
Review: Performance is re-emerging, growing in value and increasing throughout the year as a result of the demand for company products and the reasonable replenishment of stocks of raw materials and finished products.
Demand-side: The current business growth point is mainly car electronics, servers, and communications equipment, which will benefit the global pcb industry chain, driven by a wave of electric intelligence in the automobile industry.
The company now accounts for about 50% of the incremental dividends from the market for shoulder-based smartphones in the World Wide Web vehicle security system, and is recognized by its terminal as a gold sign, corporate car cover, and a rising percentage of copper. In addition, the world’s mega-data centre is approaching its construction phase, 5g.
The proximity of commercialization has also further boosted the downstream demand for high-frequency, high-speed products from companies.
The third quarter is slightly higher than the second quarter, where stocks are planned to be accumulated for sale during the Quarter (three quarters), and the third quarter has a sales rate of over 100%, laying a solid foundation for the year’s performance.
The company has a strong competitive edge and a middle-to-high-end market. The company has three main competitive advantages:
The first is profitability: the Māori rate is three to five pcts higher than the price of the plant, because the profit is based on a small batch multi-species model, high capacity utilization, low client concentration, and large production lines, high price pressure and lower profit margins.
The second is the ability to operate, the company has a dedicated supply chain management unit, which works with raw materials manufacturers on a long-term basis, procures stable prices, conducts product research and development with downstream manufacturers, is forward looking at final supply and demand judgements, and does not result in an excessive backlog of products.
The company was advised to complete the amendment of its charter, which would in the future allocate 13 per cent of the net profit (10 per cent of the original value) to the payment of staff bonuses, proving that the company was a high-quality enterprise that sought to control costs and increase profits from the top down and to return to its employees.
The third is the good quality of products and the strength of R & D: R & D costs around 4%, ranked first in the world among practitioners, with national engineering and technology centres, equivalent to the national priorities of higher education institutions, laboratories, and products tested through long-term certification by customers like the World.
Production capacity has expanded steadily in the east wind of the industry: market awareness of the copper sheet industry is mainly two-point deviations, the first being the perception of low barriers to the copper sheet industry, which is actually a high-technology content product, and its core technical difficulty is the design of the formulation platform.
These formulations are the key to meeting performance requirements. Performances include: electrical (dk medium constant, df loss factor), reliability (addressing extreme environments), processability (too important, formulation good).
There's no puncture, no collapse. Each sub-series has different formulation systems, which require constant adaptation and optimization in response to clients' demands.
Over the next 5-10 years, gold will grow in the long term, owing to high opportunities for national production substitution and downstream eruptions, a 31 per cent increase in commercial revenues at the pcb plant in 1h2017, a doubling of revenues and production capacity over the past seven years, an increase in domestic revenue from 14 per cent to 56 per cent, and an increase in the global market share from less than 5 per cent.
The world’s upper-middle-end market poles will benefit first and foremost from the industry’s booming dividends. The company currently produces about 74 million square metres of annual production capacity, with three major expansion projects:
The 20,000 enveloped base plate (bt) project, which is aimed primarily at high-end markets, will enhance the voice of companies in competition with producers such as Taiwan and United States (Rogers) and is expected to be fully released in 2019; in addition, the company will be able to expand its production by about 40 per cent in Lake East Thongsong Hill and Shaanxi.
Full release of capacity is expected in 2019 and 100 million square metres per year by 2020.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.