The company’s revenues have increased steadily, and the net profit from the non-return to the mother has increased significantly. 2022h1 company collected $27.9 billion, or +23 per cent, from the parent, 1.77 billion, or +32 per cent, from the parent, and 1.44 billion, from the non-return to the mother.
In the first half of 2022, there was a significant improvement in the company’s capacity. The main reason was the decline in contract prices, the rise in raw materials, such as the stacking of steel, and the gradual recovery of 22h1.
Energy security, coupled with the growth of supporting demand, is expected to increase the power supply at a high rate. According to the General Board of Electricity, new reliable energy security capacity is insufficient and national power supply is tight, and additional support sources, such as fire power, need to be put in place to speed up the development of identified coal power and, in due course, add one.
The company is one of the main manufacturers of coal-fired machines in the country, accounting for about 40 per cent of the city. The company has a complete energy equipment development system, and the power generation of 1,000mw class machines, large-scale cycling bed boilers, etc. are in the forefront of the industry.”
Four-five, the company is expected to benefit from an increase in demand for new power and fire equipment, opening up opportunities for profitable growth. Water-pumping capacity accelerates construction, and equipment delivery is expected to advance.
The company is one of the country's major equipment manufacturers for the pumping unit, and it's developed at an overall level, based on the technological advantages of the large equipment, the opening of the wind and the opening up of the wind to industry, with 38% of the country's cities, the country's first ever to have a generator at the same time.
Eastern Electric – 600875-2012 Annual Report Review: New Orders are down and Performances are down slightly. The rapid growth of installed power plants in the industry and ongoing projects, Eastern Electric – 600875-2012 Quarterly Review: Still low performance –
The construction speeds up, and the company’s stock orders are expected to be raised ahead of schedule, leading to greater elasticity in performance. “East Electric – 600875-2012 semi-annual review: low performance due to industry recession.” Eastern Electric – 600875 – Critical Events Rapid Review: There is no need to be overly pessimistic --
Downstream energy-building policy support is not as strong as expected risk. Investment advice: companies, as major suppliers of fire power and pump units, will benefit from high demand in the industry. Firm growth in corporate incomes and a significant increase in net profits from non-repatriation.
Dollars, equal to +23 per cent; mothers ' net profit, 1.77 billion yuan, same to +32 per cent; non-mother ' s net profit, to +14.4 billion yuan, to +17 per cent. Corresponding q2 quarter returns 13.8 billion yuan, to +16 per cent, to ring to 2 per cent; mothers ' net profit, to +19 per cent, to ring to 9 per cent; and mothers ' net profit, to +18 per cent, to +31 per cent.
In the first half of 2022, the company ' s Māori rate was reduced mainly as a result of a net exchange gain of $63 million in the current period, an increase of $900 million in the same year; the decrease in management costs was due mainly to the continued expansion of the company ' s operations.
The net cash flow from corporate operating activities was transferred from $4.4 billion at the end of 2021 to $2.4 billion, mainly due to marginal improvements in the collection of funds and an increase in the absorption of deposits.
The total revenue of 22H1 increased by 23 per cent in the same year, and the volume of fire power increased. In the first half of 2022, corporate renewable energy equipment/clean and efficient energy equipment/engineering and trade/modern manufacturing services/emerging industry operations earned 23 per cent of the Māori rate and the ring ratio +7 pt, with significant marginal profitability improvements.
The company ' s winning capacity was 3.88gw, compared with +223%, with a new single-size industry fourth. Energy security, supported by increased demand, and the construction of fire power.
The lack of reliable sources of security capacity and the tight national electricity supply, and the need to plan for new and supportive energy sources, such as fire power, need to speed up the development of identified coal power sources and, in due course, to plan a new supply of power sources to strengthen the supply base.
Eastern Electric is one of the country's main equipment manufacturers for coal-fired units, with a complete energy equipment development system.
Figure 14: Corporate turbine generators, power station turbines, power station boilers (%) Explosion storage project accelerated construction and equipment delivery expected to be advanced. According to forecasts by the National Energy Agency, the Association of Pumping Energy Industries, etc., the country will be able to produce more than 62gw by 2025 and 120gw by 2030
In April 2022, the National Development Reform Commission and the National Energy Authority issued a joint circular to accelerate the development of the extraction energy project during the 14th Five-Year Plan, and to accelerate the process of approval of the 2022 pumping energy project, in accordance with the principle of nuclear power availability.
In early 2022, 13gw has been added to the pumping capacity project, which is close to the approved capacity of 13.7gw for the entire year 2021, with a significant acceleration in construction. It is expected that in 2022 the pumping capacity will be approved for construction on a scale greater than 50gw, with an additional investment of 9gw, with a total installed capacity of around 45gw at the end of the year, with work ready and ready for start during the “14th Five” period.
Eastern Electric is one of the major equipment manufacturers in the country's pumping units, with an overall advanced level of industry and some of the key technologies leading the way internationally, capable of producing water cover ranging from 50 metres to 850 metres, with a capacity ranging from 10 mw to 450mw.
With the rapid growth of the industry and the build-up of ongoing projects, the company’s stock orders are expected to be advanced.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject