The Bank's three-quarter restructuring is continuing, returning to its credit base. The company's three-quarter rate of non-performing loans.
Despite the downside, the unsound absolute value is at a higher level of industry and the quality of assets is yet to be seen further. The company has increased its provision capacity in the third quarter, and the provision coverage is already in compliance with regulatory requirements.
A little more than we expected (2.0 per cent). The company ' s collection performance was repaired, with an increase of 1.31 per cent in the previous three quarters, mainly as a result of the improved performance of net interest income, the continuous adjustment of net interest income over the same period from the previous half-year ' s financing structure, and the wide spread in the three quarters.
We believe that the improvement in interest differentials has been mitigated by asset-end restructuring and peer-liability cost pressures, as well as by the restructuring of the credit structure, which has led to a single-quarter asset-end return of 9bp. The end of the liability, which has benefited from the downside of market-funded interest rates since the last three quarters, has eased the cost of corporate-related liabilities.
Accelerating the disposal of non-performing assets and restoring the level of the provision. The negative loan rate for companies dropped by 9bp to 1.97% in the third quarter, and we measured an annual negative rate of production of about 1.56% in the third quarter.
The company has increased its contribution in three quarters, and the cost of credit is the main risk of increasing its rating by 32 bp on a year-on-year basis. The deterioration in asset quality is more than expected, and financial regulation is more than anticipated.
▪ Considering that the company's fundamentals are expected to improve further, we have moved up the company from ps in 2018/19 to qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, and we believe that the valuation reflects fairly negative expectations about the quality of the company's assets, security margins.
Higher, keep the company up on the ratings.
In the third quarter of 2018, PWB published a three-monthly report with a net profit of +3.14 per cent for the first three quarters of 2018. The total asset of $6.09 trillion (+0.42 per cent, PWB net profit of the first three quarters increased by 3.14 per cent and slightly exceeded our expectations (2.0 per cent). The recovery of corporate performance, the first three quarters, increased by 2.63 percentage points to 1.31 per cent compared to the first half of the year.
The rate of increase in revenues increased from -0.98% in the first half of the year to 2.42% in the first three quarters of the year. The company’s revenue from fees in the first three quarters remained negative, but the negative impact on revenues from the drop in the number of places and fees in the company will be reduced.
The company’s three-quarter interest differential, which we measured at the end of the period, improved the one-season interest gap ring by 31 bp, which we believe is influenced by asset-end restructuring and the easing of peer debt cost pressures. At the asset-end, the company maintains active lending in three-quarters, loans, and retail lending growth (5.2%, qoq) is faster than public (-1.8%, qoq), asset structure and credit balance in terms of loan structure.
The adjustment is conducive to an increase in the asset end-of-end rate of return, with a single-season asset end-of-return ratio of 9bp above. The end-of-service benefit is from a three-quarter drop in market fund interest rates, a relaxation in the cost of corporate peer liability, a upward shift in the cost of hedged deposits, and a single-season end-of-life cost ratio of 22bp below.
Accelerating the disposal of bad assets and restoring the level of provision The company has increased the disposal of bad assets, with the negative loan rate falling by 9bp to 1.97% in three quarters, and we measure the annual rate of negative production of about 1.56% in three quarters of the company's approved sales, which is still at a higher level in the industry.
In the third quarter, the Bank continued to restructure and return to its loan base. The company’s three-quarter bad loan rate was down, but the absolute value of the bad loans was at the same level as the industry, and the quality of the assets remained to be seen further. The company increased its provision capacity in the third quarter, and the coverage of the provision was met by regulatory requirements. Given that the company’s fundamentals were expected to improve further, we increased the company’s pers to $1.91.98 in 2018/19.
As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to economic development. Macro-economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as profitability, thereby affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Well, there is a risk that the quality of banking assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector. The current trade friction between Central America and the United States is continuing, macro-economic uncertainty remains to be followed closely by dynamic changes in the economy.2 Financial regulation is over-expected. Banking regulation has continued since 2017, with full coverage of internal and external banking regulations, all right?
At the same time, the merger of the Silver and Security Councils will enhance regulatory coherence and coordination, enhance regulatory effectiveness, and the various regulatory rules documents are expected to fall at an accelerated rate. If tight regulation is tightened, industry’s business development may be constrained, thus affecting net profit growth.
3. The Chinese-American trade war has further escalated. China-US trade has shaky development, further increasing investors’ prospects for the domestic economy.