Brand channels are strong, component integration leads are growing robustly — Crystal and Australasia (002459) depth report Investment rating: buy-in (first time)
The company is the new energy-generation solution platform, with the backbone of the industrial chain of silicon-cells-assemblies, with two wings of photo-voltaic support and industry-preparation, photovoltaic-plus-application solutions, and continues to advance the One Wings strategy in depth.
In 2023, according to the company’s future production plan, the bottom company’s output will reach 95gw, and the silicon and battery components will produce about 90% of the component’s capacity. The company’s silicon, battery, and component production levels are in the forefront of the industry, with the latest release of a brand-new N component based on a new generation of recyclable silicons.
Deepblue 4.0pro, with a volume conversion efficiency of 25.6 per cent, the photovoltaic component industry has a high profile and integrated head companies have continued to benefit.
In 2023, the world is expected to have 368.8gw additional photovoltaics, an increase of 37.6% over the previous year, and 711.9gw in 2025. The cost, size, channel, brand barriers, and industry concentration continue to rise. Market prices: $23.8 million
In the long run, the profitability of the integrated components is expected to continue to recover and rise in real terms against a backdrop of declining prices for silicon. Integration costs have increased, branding has increased steadily, and the company has been accelerating the pace of integrated production capacity since its return to a in 2019, with long-standing agreements to secure the supply of raw materials.
A number of support projects have been built to secure the supply of support materials. As a result of the company’s integrated layout, the company’s Māori product is in the forefront of the industry and the Māori rate is less volatile. 2) The company has now formed a global distribution network and marketing centres in the United States, Germany, Japan, South Korea, Australia, Brazil, etc., that can open up further avenues for the company on all continents.
In comparison with the 300-indicator, the basis of the trend is nearly a year. 3) Corporate branding has a clear edge, with a high degree of global recognition, multiple certifications from domestic and foreign authorities, and a high 96 per cent availability of finance, and the proportion of aid companies moving abroad continues to rise.
The company is the leader of a once-in-a-lifetime integration, the integration layout increases cost competitiveness, decentralization channels and production-placement support schemes increase, type N products enter the harvest period, and we expect the company to return to net profit of 97.50/133.45/17457 billion in 2023-2025, with policies that do not match the expected risks, the risk of demand falling short of expectations, the risk of increased competition in the industry, and the risk of large fluctuations in raw material prices.
1. Deep-farming photovoltaic industry, with a stable management structure.
The industrial chain is dominated by a “one-wing” strategy, based on a two-pronged solution for the photovoltaic and equipment industries, and the photovoltaic-plus applications. Jing Jing and Jing, formerly the Ning Jin County Power Authority and Hebei Industrial University in 1996, became Asia's largest single-crystal silicon production base in 1999.
The company completed the re-engineering of the stock system, forming the Hebei Crystal Dragon Industries Group and becoming the world’s largest producer of solar monocrystal silicon. In 2005, the Crystal Dragons Group, in a joint venture with Phototech Engineering Australia and Solar Development Australia Ltd., set up Crystal Australia’s solar power sector, which was listed in NASDAQ in 2007.
Directly integrated, extending from cell blocks to upstream silicone, downstream components and power stations, with photovoltaic components produced on a solid scale of one of the top ten in the world since 2012 and the first three in a row in 2018-2021. The company withdrew from the United States stock market in 2018, and successfully took stock in November 2019.a The company launched new components such as Deepblue 4.0x in 2022.
The component production process is simple, with low technical thresholds. The component production process is mainly to connect upstream batteries and then encapsulate them with ancillary materials such as titanium, film, backboard, etc.
The company released the stock options and restricted stock incentive scheme (draft) on 31 August 2023. The stock options incentive is for the core technical business backbone, which totals 2722.
2.42 per cent of total equity; restricted equity incentives targeted senior managers and core technical business cadres, totalling 11 people, who benefited from rapid growth in demand and firm performance in the photovoltaic sector. Companies achieved higher growth rates in the first half of 2019-2023 compared to 182.8 per cent in the first half of 2019-2023, while net profits grew significantly faster than the growth in the harvest, mainly at a higher rate than in the first half of 2019-2023.
This is due to: 1) the rapid growth in demand in the photovoltaic sector in recent years, which has led to a rapid increase in the level of corporate output; 2) the gradual improvement of the global distribution network and the rapid expansion of overseas markets; and 3) the achievement of excellent cost-control capabilities through technological innovation and economies of scale and a steady increase in profitability.
The volatility of the Māori rate of solar cell components is mainly influenced by the price of raw materials. In 2019 - 2023h1, the company’s solar battery showed an upward trend in the first half of 2023. The main reason for the change in Māori rate in solar cell operations is the volatility of prices of upstream raw material products, such as silicon and other ancillary materials.
As a whole, the cost rate is at a lower level than in the industry. By split, the cost of running, selling, and financial rates have decreased considerably, while the cost of R & D has increased slightly. Corporate fees have been properly managed as a whole and are still slightly ahead of the net interest rate in comparable companies, reflecting a stronger cost advantage.
The expansion of the Division, the improved distribution of overseas channels, the gradual opening of funding channels and the scope for improvement in the cost rates remain. Figure 11: Financial cost rates of major component manufacturers, Figure 10: Cost rates of major component manufacturers
3. Investment in R & D continues to increase, with the number of leading producers in the product performance industry continuously empowering companies to develop new technologies.
The company's silicon, battery, and component product levels are industry leaders. The silicon is dominated by single crystals, with a gradual increase in large size ratios. The company's battery process is mainly based on percium battery technology and n-model battery technology.
Up to 23.9 per cent is industry-leading; the rate of conversion of battery volumes using the n-topcon technology is up to 25.6 per cent, and the process will continue to improve, further reducing the cost of battery production and increasing the value of battery prices.
Perc technology patented. Battery conversion efficiency has increased significantly in recent years with 182 mm-sized battery capacity, while production costs have decreased significantly, and currently yield conversion efficiency has reached a maximum of 23.9%, with components increasing their power through technical means, such as perc battery cell efficiency, multiple main fences, and half a piece. Perc products are now close to conversion efficiency.
In May 2022, the company launched a new component based on n technology – Deepblue 4.0x – marking the company’s march into the N-type product market. In 2023, it released a new generation-sized rectangular silicon.
The new N component product, Deepblue 4.0pro, is based on high life low oxygen content and a new generation of 182mm*199 mm rectangular silicon silicon, superimposed with high-efficiency N passivation contact bycium+ battery technology, with battery volume conversion efficiency of 25.6 per cent, while the Deepblue 4.0pro component is integrated into smb technology and high density envelopes.
Advanced efficiency technologies, such as technology, can reach 630w and more than 22.5% of the power of the 72nd version. The 78th edition of the 182th series, which is more powerful than the industry (2465mm*1134mm), has reduced the working voltage of the new version by 7.6%, reducing both the cost of the system bos and the heat spot risk of the components.
The Deepblue 4.0pro component also inherits the performance advantages of the Deepblue 4.0x component, with excellent power generation capacity and reliability. In terms of power generation, the Deepblue 4.0pro component, based on bycium+ battery technology, has significant features such as lower decay, better temperature factors, higher double-sided gain, better light. Deepblue 4.0
Pro-assemblies can yield higher returns to clients, measured at 2 - 4.5 per cent lower costs for the Deepblue 4.0pro component and 2.5 - 6 per cent lower costs for the Deepblue 4.0pro component bos than for the P component under different application scenarios, different project types, different installation modes
About 1.4 per cent - 2.8 per cent, icoe could be reduced by about 0.7 per cent - 1.6 per cent, and the concept of product design “made for customer value” is perfectly interpreted.
1. Components are an important part of a photovoltaic system, and the demand increases with a light voltage machine and the components are located at the end of the photovoltage industrial chain. Photovoltage assemblies are battery-based integrated, enclosed and internally connected, with a single reference to a minimum and indivisible combination of photovoltaic cells for output in direct current electricity.
The components production process is simple, with low technical thresholds. The components production process consists mainly of connecting upstream batteries to be sealed with support material such as titanium, film, backboard, etc.
The technology threshold is low, mainly as a channel for the sale of photovoltaic products, to realize the profits generated by upstream production capacity. Figure 22: Process flow maps for photovoltaic components Low investment thresholds for components and less investment in fixed assets per unit of capacity than other links.
The Industrial Development Road Map, which in 2022 invested some $60,000/mw in new production line equipment, decreased slightly in comparison to the previous year. In the future, the cost of investing in component lines will continue to decline as the performance of component equipment, single-stage production and assembly power increase. According to our surveys of the expansion of major companies in the industrial chain, silicon, silicon, battery, and component four-point unit capacity invests in fixed assets.
The median is 350 million yuan/gw, 250 million yuan/gw, 450 million yuan/gw, and 200 million yuan/gw, respectively, with components with the lowest level of energy investment in the four production chains.
The silicon cell chain takes six to nine months, while the silicon product expansion cycle is 1.5 to 2 years. Due to the low investment in fixed asset capacity per unit of component chain and the short construction cycle of the component, its output attributes are weak, more demanding and relatively high-intensity upstream.
The photovoltaic sector is growing rapidly, and demand for components is growing at a high rate. With the advances in photovoltaic technology and the sharp drop in electricity costs, and the need to superimpose energy structural transformations, we expect to add 368.8gw to the world in 2023, an increase of 37.6% over the same year, and 619.1gw to the world in 2025, an increase in the world's photovolt, an average of 2023-2025.
2. Large sizes, stacks, double-faced aids, energy efficiency, core technical routes becoming clear, large size silicon silicons can effectively spread the cost of thin single watts, silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
m1, m2 silicon, with a margin of 156.75 mm, gradually becoming the dominant size of single crystal silicon, in 2018, with all of the monocrysil silicon in the industry using the m2 standard, with a city rate of 85%. In 2019, m6 (with a margin of 166 mm), g12 (with a margin of 210 mm) was rolled out, and in 2021, 182 mm and 210 mm sizes increased to 45%, and their share will continue to rise in the future.
Because 182, 210 cell block unit power and component unit power are higher, 182 unit power has a significant advantage, with no change in production efficiency. The larger size increases the power of the component, which reduces the cost of the bos, such as the single w shelf, the land, etc., so that large-sized components can obtain a premium on the sale price, ranging from 2 to 8 points/w.
In 2016, half a piece of wrapping technology appeared, along a vertical line of the battery's main fence, to cut the battery to the same two half pieces, and then to connect the half of the battery.
To ensure consistency with the voltage current of the general output of the conventional components, half of the components are typically designed in combination with the first- and subsequent-combined structure.
Double-faced components are photovoltaic components with double-faced batteries that can significantly increase the system's power generation and reduce the system's output. In recent years, as the process matures and the corresponding costs are reduced, a number of large-scale components in the country have been in the production phase of dual-faced components since 2018, with actual production of dual-sided components exceeding 15gw in 2019.
The two-sided power generation technology has become an important source of energy for photovoltaic companies, and it is spreading rapidly with the current state of power. The two-faced components have mainly modified the back of the components to cover them with transparent materials, increasing the back of the components, with little change in power and cost, and generating light. The biggest difference between the two-faced and conventional photovoltaic components is that the back of the conventional components has no light, the back of the two-sided components.
In addition to positive power generation, the back can be generated by receiving scattering and reflective light from the environment. Power generation gains for two-sided components are mainly derived from the back, with actual power gains ranging from 5 to 19%.
Empirical data from two-sided components vary between 5 and 19% of the actual power generation gains of the two-bond components in different scenarios. With the gradual acceptance of the two-faced generation gains from downstream applications, we judge that the market share of the two-faced components will gradually increase, further boosting the market demand for photovoltaic glass.
3. Integration continues with increasing concentration in the component industry. The components are more dependent than other components, more affected by price fluctuations in raw materials, and more demanding in terms of cost control.
Many, including aluminium border frames,eva, glass, backboards, welding bands, wire boxes, etc.. In terms of cost structure, battery chips account for 61.2% of the total cost of the components, and aluminium borders,eva, glass, backboards, welding, wires, etc. account for 9.0%, 8.4%, 7.1%, 5.2%, 2.7%, 2.6% of the total components.
The price of the main raw materials upstream of the components has fluctuated considerably in recent years because of the mismatch between the pace of output and demand release. This places higher demands on the purchasing and cost-control capabilities of enterprises.
The vertical integration strategies of the three manufacturers vary: Trina, Crystal, and Crystal, with cell silicon as an acillary production line; and Lungi, with silicon production as a core, with component operations positioned as downstream sales.
The variation in supply and demand between the links of the photovoltaic industry chain at different points in time can lead to relatively large profitability fluctuations in individual links. Thus, integrated components have more significant cost-control capabilities, Māori rates are more stable, and specialized firms tend to have relatively higher profitability fluctuations than specialized firms.
Despite a slight adjustment of rankings, the five main poles of Serangki Green Energy, Crystal Energy, Crystal and Australasia, Ates, all three, Integration Construction Cost advantages, Branding Power Increasing 1. Production Growth Speeding up and Integration Layout Cost Presumptions
Since its return in 2019, a company has been accelerating the pace of integrated capacity-building. Since its appearance on the market in 2019, corporate financing has been further expanded to provide adequate ammunition for the expansion of its production capacity. Since 2020, the company has been publishing a number of expansion plans, expanding its capacity rapidly, and building an integrated production system of silicon, battery, and assembly components through scientific production.
By the end of 2019-2022, the power of the components was 11gw, 23gw, 40gw, 50gw, and by the end of 2022, the capacity of the components was close to 50gw, and the capacity of the silicon and batteries was about 80% of the capacity of the components. According to the company ' s future production plan, the capacity of the components was expected to reach the end of 2023.
95gw, silicon and battery production capacity is about 90% of component capacity. Multiple long-sheet agreements are in place to secure the supply of raw materials. Companies have a strong supply chain control capacity, with long sheets with industry leaders in silicon, glass, and, because glass and silicon have an extension cycle of 1.5-2 years and silicon, batteries, and components have an extension cycle of 6-9 months.
The company’s long-term orders for glass and silicon are effective in preventing mismatches between supply and demand arising from the expansion cycle, maintaining the integrated industrial chain, building support packages to secure supplies. In order to meet the demand for support materials for the company’s components, the company will guarantee the supply of raw materials and build support packages at major production bases, providing adequate security for the supply of support materials and increasing the stability of profits.
An integrated layout builds cost advantages, and the company has a higher Māori ratio than a specialized component. Thanks to the company’s integrated configuration, Māori rates are higher on the one hand than for specialized components such as East Day rise, Consortization, and Billions of Crystal Photovoltaics, on the other hand, the company’s product management capacity is better and the Māori rate is less volatile.
The current trend towards centralization of global photovoltaics is evident in China, the United States, Japan, India, among other traditional demand countries, which account for the global build-up ratio.
In addition, high-density distribution points around the world help businesses to remain sensitive to fast-changing emerging markets and capture their share of the market before demand breaks out. In addition, overseas sophisticated market components are usually ordered two to three quarters in advance, locking in the dollar price of the components, while the home country is usually only one month ahead.
Next, there is a clear price advantage for overseas orders in the context of the overall price reduction of the industrial chain towards a flat Internet access. At the same time, there are large price differences between components in different regions, leading companies pre-positioning overseas outlets, enjoying higher brands and, after years of accumulation, the company’s overseas sales team has been largely localized to provide efficient sales to overseas customers.
So far, companies have created global distribution networks and marketing centres in the United States, Germany, Japan, South Korea, Australia, Brazil, etc., that can increase companies’ share of distribution revenues further across continents. In sales patterns, companies are based on direct business, supported by distribution.
As of the first half of 2023, there was a clear corporate brand advantage and a high degree of global recognition.
The long-duration duration of the components, often up to 25-30 years, and the power loss has a significant impact on the long-term profitability of the plants, so the quality of the components is of great importance to the customers, and therefore the brand endorsement is more important. The branding of the component companies, on the one hand, is derived from the reliability of the product quality and ensures the station’s long-term stability; and on the other hand, from the component companies’ own post-sale quality assurance capabilities to ensure that the component companies are able to maintain their own security.
In the event of power station malfunctions, component firms are able to respond quickly to failures. Therefore, photovoltaic projects using well-known branded components are also more advantageous in terms of financing and will have easier access to bank financing and non-recourse loans, thereby attracting more photovoltaic projects around the world to use well-known branded photovoltaic components.
Corporate products and brands are highly recognized and are as financing 96%. According to a recent report from Bloomberg’s new energy finance book, companies were rated as one of the best performers in the 2022 Reliability Scorecard for Photovoltaic Components, and 96% of the respondents considered Crystal and Australasia to be financingable.
At the same time, the company has been recognized on several occasions by eupdresearch “top photovoltaic brands” in countries and territories in Europe, Germany, France, Poland, Italy, the Netherlands, Switzerland, Australia, Viet Nam, four consecutive years in 2020-2023 by the United States Authority's Renewable Energy Testing Centre, retc, eight times in 2014-2023.
The global independent third-party photovoltaic testing agency, pvel, was rated as a “best performer” component supplier, and the company's product was rated as aaaa rating for the tüvmodulech financeability. The company's product was awarded a number of authoritative awards, such as the tüv Rhine “supplier Chinese mono-chip photovoltaic component imitation award” and the tüv North German “outdoor empirical performance award (perc efficient component)”.
Figure 43: Bnef Component and Reverser Financing Order 2022 IV. Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations Considering the significant increase in downstream demand for silicon price reduction cycles and the fact that companies have built up a good brand and channel advantage in the global market,
As the concentration of the industry continues to rise, the strength of the strong and the profitability of the integrated components is expected to continue to be repaired in the context of a gradual decline in the price of silicon, leading to a sharp rise in profits.
The company is a brand-new head of photovoltaic integration, where the integration layout enhances cost competitiveness, decentralization channels and productivity distribution support profits, with a “buy-in” rating.
Policies are less than expected: they are more supportive of industry development, and there are regional differences in policy introduction and implementation, which affect industry development if complementary policies are not implemented as expected. Demand is less than expected: demand in the photovoltaic sector is strong, but global installed demand is likely to decline due to policy factors and economies.
Industry competition increases the risks: more competitors in the industry, more productive and more productive, and the risk of significant price fluctuations in the company’s profits and raw materials. If the prices of upstream raw materials fluctuate significantly, the profits of the integrated components of the company are likely to be realized.
Ishigami, Hwangbei Province Mayor of Ishigami, Hwang Dynasty, Hso Dynasty, Hso Dynasty, Hso Dynasty.
The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, and this report clearly and accurately reflects the author’s research views.