On May 24, 2017, we carried out a field study of Xu's machinery, conducted an in-depth exchange on the development of the company's heavy machinery, engineering and spare parts, and visited the company's son-in-law.
Xu State Heavy Machinery Ltd., which shares its research and research results, has accelerated capital investment and continued to improve corporate ownership: January-April 2017, domestic gas.
The monthly sales of the cranes were 781, 1266, 1767 and 1833, respectively. The cumulative sales of the same aircraft were 5647, representing an increase of 96.35 per cent in the same year. Of these, the cumulative sales of the Xu machines (Su's heavy load) were 2,822, representing an increase of 49.97 per cent, or 109.04 per cent in the same year.
The acceleration of capital investment, which began in the second half of 2016, was the main driver of the improvement in Xu's main industry. In the first quarter of 2017, the company achieved a revenue _aa_ Xu's machinery (000425);
Net cash flows from operating activities of $692 million, compared with the increase in performance, continue to be positive for the industry, with 146.08 per cent. Performance during the first quarter of this year was driven mainly by increased sales of major products
In terms of financial data for 2016, the company earned $16,891 million in revenue last year, an increase of 1.17 per cent over the previous year; the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies _aaa_Investment Strategy Report 2017 in the Mechanical Industry
On the morning of the Halloween Securities Conference, the industry company 20161013 Xi, Engineering and Mechanical Reviews: Exchange rate fluctuations contributed to a negative performance of $6.260 million, a sharp decline of 99.27 per cent over the same period.
The company ' s business performance in 2016 showed a marked improvement over 2015 in view of the surge in operating cash flows, the sharp decline in net profit losses after deduction, and the asset-liability ratio of only 53.43 per cent, mainly due to the fall in the same ratio of costs during periods such as financial costs and the appreciation of the Brazilian reais zone.
This year, exchange rate fluctuations may have a negative impact on corporate performance as a result of the recent political turmoil in Brazil, which has led to a sharper depreciation in the short term. In the context of the beginning of the improvement in performance in 2016 and the sustained recovery so far this year, we look forward to Xu’s success.
The main engineering and machinery industries that are currently active, including cranes, shovels, road mechanics, stumps, etc., continue to recover. Although the planned increase is slightly delayed, the proposed increase is still expected:
To promote the targeted distribution of targeted additions at $3.13/equity to four strategic investors, such as the Chinese CVM industry, in order to facilitate the transformational upgrading and internationalization of the company.
One step-by-step implementation, among other things, has resulted in the company’s delayed submission to the CSRC of feedback on applications for unpublished shares, which has led to a slightly lower time frame for completion of the company’s planned increase than we expected. The company has now submitted to the CVM information on its response.8
Three high-end equipment smart manufacturing projects will enrich the company's high-end equipment product lines, and we're more interested in developing space from one of the high-altitude platform smart manufacturing projects: the smart compression station project will enable the company to move quickly into the environmental industry: large.
The industrial upgrading project, the Indian Engineering and Mechanical Production Base investment project, will facilitate the transformation and upgrading of the company’s engineering machinery and the internationalization of the layout. The subsidiary, Xu Yu, manufacturing Brazil, is the first step in the manufacture of the company’s internationalization layout, building a manufacturing base in India.
In June 2016, the company’s board of directors adopted a proposal to finance up to US$250 million for the construction of a manufacturing base for engineering machinery in Chennai, India, and an investment project in manufacturing a manufacturing base for engineering machinery in India. Chennai is the largest port city and the fourth largest city in India.
The strong industrial base and the advantages of geographical location favour the use of local mechanical workers by companies to localize the production of engineering and machinery products and to radiationize sales markets in South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, East Africa, etc.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: We expect Xu's ps in 2017 and 2018, respectively, to maintain the Xu's “growth” rating, given the expectation of continued warming in the engineering and machinery industry, the expected increase in sales of engineering machinery, and the company's lower net rate valuation.
Risk factors: The engineering and machinery industry is not warming as much as expected, Brazil ' s risk of currency exchange losses due to the devaluation of the Reyar against the popular currency, and the risk that the planned increase will not be implemented as expected.