Performance met expectations, and continued to take good note of the industry ' s warmth - Xu Engineering Machinery (000425) evaluation report.
A series of announcements, such as the commitment performance, during which the positive gains from reduced costs and exchange rate fluctuations led to a marked improvement in the company ' s performance in 2016: Xu Xu Xu achieved operating income of $16,891 million in 2016, an increase of 1.17 per cent over the same period; and Xu achieved a positive return
The company ' s business performance in 2016 was more consistently projected. The company ' s improved performance was mainly due to the same cost for periods such as financial costs.
_aaa_The mechanical industry’s investment strategy report for 2017 compares favourably with the positive exchange rate gains resulting from the decline and the appreciation of the Brazilian reais. The company’s cranes continue to occupy the first position in the industry.
In 2016, the Federation of Bonds recorded industry company 20161013 Xu, which maintained road machinery as the country’s first and fourth worldwide. In 2016, the company used the same control, industrial machinery: exchange rate fluctuations contributing to higher performance.
Xu's 60% share in the next merger; Xu's 100% share in the new way, Guangdong Xu's 90% share, Xu's 100% share in North America, Ningxia's 90% share in the new business and optimized product layout. At the same time, Xu's manufacture in Brazil
In response to the pressure of the Palestinian economic downturn to achieve sales growth, the integrated SAR operation of South American markets began the harvest period and planned the construction of new global factories, such as India and the United States, with fast-track entry into local markets, which are expected to benefit the Indian base from the company's overseas operations.
Building facilities and US capital investment plans. Keeping the industry warm, the scheduled increase was slightly delayed: in January 2017, 781 domestic car cranes were sold, a 50.2% increase over the same period, and the monthly increase was nearly six years higher.
In February of that year, domestic loader sales increased significantly, with 26 major loader producers selling a total of 7012 loaders of all types, an increase of 110 per cent over the same period, the most striking in terms of tonnage, with 6 tons of loader sales increasing by 72 per cent over the same period, reaching 436.
While the first- and second-line urban property-restricted lending policy continues to be built up, the expected changes resulting from property regulation measures do not affect data on investment in real estate development in the short and medium term, the area of new construction in housing, land acquisition in real estate development enterprises, etc., and real estate investment remains a push.
One of the main factors behind the growth in the volume of engineering machinery. After the start of the spring, capital investments began to rise, and infrastructure, mainly transport, municipal and water, including the ppp project, was also an important factor in the growth in the volume of engineering machinery. We continue to maintain our annual strategy.
The logic of this year’s engineering and mechanical plate, which is a salesback and a ppp boost, and stock upgrade, is the basis on which we see Xu’s machinery as part of our annual strategy. The company’s transformational upgrading and internationalization are being promoted.
Further follow-up is needed on the project review feedback letter regarding offshore plant construction, with some feedback responses to be based on the company ' s annual report for 2016 data, and the company has submitted to the CVM a request for an extension until 22 April 2017, which has led to the completion of the company ' s planned addition plan
Profit predictions and investment proposals: we expect Xu's ps in 2017 and 2018, respectively, to increase sales of engineering machinery in view of expectations of continued warming of the engineering and machinery industry.
And the company’s lower net rate of valuation, we maintain a “growth” rating for Xu's machinery. Risk factors: the engineering and machinery industry is not warming as much as expected, and the future risk of currency exchange losses due to the devaluation of the Brazilian Rear on the renminbi.