The South-West Securities Research and Development Center (WSRDC) has an excellent client and product structure and strong performance.
Incidents: company reports 2021 and 22nd Quarterly, which achieved business income of $139.99 billion in 2021, i.e. +4.8 per cent; mother ' s net profit of $6.47 billion, i.e. + 19.7 per cent; Maori rate of 14.4 per cent, i.e. +0.9 per cent; overcoming difficulties, excellent performance: company operations cover car interior and interior accessories, functional parts, metal formations and molds, etc.
A robust growth in corporate revenue and profits, reflecting strong resilience and resistance to corporate operations The neutralization strategy continues: the company actively develops new external customers, auto wheels, drive axes, speed spread locks, etc., to deliver autonomous brands such as the Wall, Chang An, Gilly, Hiro, etc., car interior interiors, seats, chairs, etc.
The switch engine, drive, etc. achieves the supply of new energy brands such as Tesla, Biadei, Urdu, etc. The product of car interiors, seats, etc. achieves the supply of luxury brands such as Mercedes, BMW, Audi, etc. The non-uploading sector of customers increased their income by 3.1 to 49.2% in 2021, while the client structure continues to be optimized in a diversified manner.
The company has covered the entire product line of the millimetre wave radar, all of which have been ordered or exported: the smart seating system, the smart interior surface, the smart car light interactive system, the new power source power-driven system, etc.
Rapid R & D landings and will be a new growth point in corporate business in the future. 1 Company profile: A domestic venture in auto parts and components China Motor Systems Inc. was established in 1992 as a domestic integrated car parts and components held by upper-mortality groups.
The leading firms, which are mainly internal and external accessories, functional aggregates, metal formations and moldings, electronics, heat processing, etc., have a high domestic market rate for all major products, including car interiors, light-quantified aluminium casting, oil tanks, automobile electronics, etc., which have been actively expanded to international markets.
People, Chang Anfort, Dragon Motors, Beijing Mercedes, Hua morning BMW, Beijing Modern, East Wind Nitrogen, Cars, Walls, Cars, Gang Huai, Gas Group, North Gas Group, Gilly Motors, Biadi, Tesla Shanghai, etc., client coverage. Main business structure of the company: the company's main business is from internal and external accessories and functions, internal and external accessories in 2021.
Firms operate robustly: the company, as the leader of the country's integrated automobile parts and components, has been in a state of business with the domestic automobile industry for a long period of time, with a total of 1.3 per cent/-3.4 per cent of the car group sales and a relatively robust business performance. Business income of 1399.9 billion, 5.7 per cent, compared to 0.5 per cent, was achieved throughout the year in 2021; company dynamics have followed through with adverse effects such as a shortage of industrial chips, the spread of the epidemic, the lack of electricity, etc.
Figure 7: Corporate revenue and profits perform better than sales.
In keeping with the changing trends of the country’s car market’s luxury brands, new energy high-end brands, and autonomous brand markets, companies are actively seeking new growth space based on enhanced cooperation with core clients and the establishment of a base-plate business. Car interiors, seats, airbags, front-and-back side racks, brake card clamps, casting aluminium cylinders, etc.
Some of the packages for the luxury brands of Mercedes, BMW, Audi, etc., combined domestic and foreign sales amounting to more than $30 billion: auto interiors, seats, airbags, steering wheels, sound, lighting, bumpers, tail doors, turning machines, driving axes, etc., to new energy vehicles such as Tesla, Biadey, America, Pills, ideal cars, etc.
Part-time supply of high-end vehicle-related vehicles, combined with domestic aggregate sales of over $12 billion: auto wheels, drive axes, differential locks, lighting, compressors, windows, interior accessories, turnovers, electronic oil pumps, etc.
Over $9 billion in total. 49.2% of the year’s main business income came from full-car customers outside the upper steam group, compared to +3.1 pp, and the client structure continued to be optimized, while neutral strategies continued to advance. In 2022, with new energy forces such as Tesla (1.5 million vehicles), Biadei (1.5 million vehicles) and self-employment, new energy sources such as Tesla (1.5 million vehicles)
Main brands continue to be used, and the share of non-uploaded cars is expected to rise further. On the upper gas side, performance has been weaker than industry for 19 years, mainly due to the passing of new cycles, chip shortages, etc., but as the chip supply edge improves from 21q3 onwards, the volume of group sales improves, while the cycle of ownership and joint ventures recommences, with a 22-year increase in volume sales expected to continue the recovery. Of these, 22q1
The sale of 192,000 new energy vehicles + 27.7% of the same year, 26.7% penetration of auto self-electrification, exceeding industry averages, is on the market, group product matrices are constantly enriched, electrical intelligence is upgraded, brands are accelerated. Electrodynamicization, intelligent new products are accelerated and research and development is on the ground. (1) Complete coverage of millimetre wave radar lines, 24ghz and 77ghz
All products are produced in quantities, 4d imaging-mm wave radars are about to be produced, solid-state laser radar development is proceeding as planned, technology is leading the country and has the potential to replace national production, with customers such as Quantius, Upstream Chase, etc. (2) In smart cabins, smart seating systems, smart interior surfaces, modularized bystanders, smart atmosphere lights, smart switches, etc., have acquired a high level of U.S. and U.S.-American customers
(iii) Digitalized car lighting, intelligent product development, dlp digital large lights, ultra narrow open lighting systems, cross-cutting endlights, etc. have already achieved domestic and foreign market volume supply. (4) Successful development of ebooster line control dynamic products, with high response speed and precision control, is able to meet high-level autopilot requirements. Clients include Biadi, North.
Volcano, etc. (5) The first batch in the country produced eight-storey copper wire-driven electric power units, which effectively increased the efficiency of the power system, reduced the consumption of electricity per unit, and increased the range. Clients include marvelx, mass meb, Mitsubishi macrolight Mini, etc. (6) Successfully developed high-power flat power-driven system products, access to long-city cars, etc.
Figure 13: The new energy-driven auto-drive system in Washington, D.C., has been restructured to do good core business. In 2021, 49.99% of the shares in the Yamfwon Road seats were acquired and full ownership of the car seat business was achieved; and the long-band car apparel system was promoted to work with Shanghai real estate.
- Implementation of the physical management of the Shanghai Corly Automotive Modular Modular Application Company Ltd. and the Chinese Automobile Spare Parts (Shanghai) Company Limited, in-depth integration of resources between the two sides, acceleration of business transformation development and continuous enhancement of its new energy battery cartridges and body cover
The combined capacity of lightly quantified business areas such as structural pieces and molds: 22q1 sells 27% of the shares of the Fareo Automotive Rains and S.A. Ltd. in Shanghai, and is determined to withdraw from non-core operations.
(b) Assumption 2: metal formation and molding, electrical appliances, thermal processing will continue to grow faster;
We have selected four companies in the car spare parts industry that are close to the company’s business (involving domestic and external accessories, light-quantified parts and lights), with an average of 42 times the average of four in 2021 and 27 times the average of 2022 in 2022. We do not expect to receive any form of compensation for the next three years, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.