Top Group: Tier 0.5 + Robotics, Global Vision, PPST, PPG (601689.sh) company depth report
The company was founded in 1983 with an early package of customers like Kigwana, Beijing.
In 2001, it entered the international appurtenance market; in the lead-up to the joint venture brand, the company took advantage of the opportunities of national production of spare parts and worked deeply with clients such as the upper-air commons; in the long run, the company continued to expand with its own brand, with its large clients represented by Giuli; and in the first half of the new energy age, the company was tied up.
Big client Tesla, for the supply of products such as chassis and heat management, achieves cross-cutting growth; in the second half of the new energy age, the company binds customers such as Cyrus, Ideas, Mi, Biadi, and sets up electronic car-related products such as wire brakes, wire transfer, air hangers, etc.
Continuous expansion of the client matrix + product lines. 8+1 product lines in parallel, car electronics are starting to be released.
Through a platform-based product matrix, the company continuously promotes the Tier 0.5 level cooperation model with strategic clients, and the one-stop package plus the auxiliary amount is continuously upgraded to match the millions of class products. The company is in motor power.
For 10 years, sub-areas have slashed and now produce bulk quantities of products such as smart brakes, air suspensions, intelligent diversions, air suspensions, and smart power doors. 2024h1 automobile electronics generated $707 million, or +744 per cent, and Māori 135 million, or +574 per cent, fast.
As the company’s product lines continue to widen, the vehicle’s eight main product lines are now set at $30,000, and the robotic implementer single machine is worth tens of thousands. The process of globalization continues, accelerating progress towards international suppliers.
In the United States of America, Brazil, Malaysia, Poland, Mexico, and Thailand, companies have established manufacturing plants that now form a global network of more than 50 subsidiaries, five technology R & D centres and more than 70 manufacturing plants, providing platforms for global customers. North American markets are tied up.
Tentsra, rivian, Ford, gm, stellentis, Chrysler, etc.; European markets, in close cooperation with “bba”, in 2024, the company obtained the location of the BMW project.
Executors are the core components of human robotics, and the company relies on years of advanced research and development in ibs, in line with horizontal expansion into robotic implementers. In 2023, the company set up a power drive department to develop robotic implementers; in January 2024, the company produced a robotic power drive system.
The line is officially operational, with a planned capacity of 300,000 power-drive executors/years, while the new capacity has been activated. By February 2025, the power-driven production line had covered automated production workstations such as rotor magnets assembly, staves attached to the rotor station and electron cores.
Cables can meet one-stop solutions for customers, the ability to produce products related to automobile electronics, and power-driven system operations are expected to accelerate their growth according to the process of human mass production, and we cover the first time we give a buy-in rating.
Corporate capacity expands less than expected; downstream customers sell less than expected; human robotics produce less than expected; and corporate globalization expands less than expected.1 Platforming strategies continue to advance, accelerating progress towards internationalization
The company was set up in 1983 and then, for the Beijing jeep, seized the opportunity of domestication of the spare parts in 1992-2002 and managed to reach the general public and the general public.
The company entered the Tesla supply chain in 2016, marking the start of a new chapter on electricization. At present, the company is holding on to the opportunities for electro-dynamicization and continues to work with pole customers at the Tier0.5 level.
Cyrus, Ideas, Chirry, Wall, Mi, Biadei, etc., have continued to open up international markets. Four major departments have their own deep-deeping areas, covering automobiles and robotic product lines.
(ii) Emblem Systems: Research and development of interiors, outers, closed systems, materials systems: 3) Thinkers: Research on front-line technologies such as car racing and switching to technology in the areas of smart driving and new energy vehicles: 4) Electrical power drive: Research on and manufacturing of implementers and their systems
The power chassis, the apparel system, the intelligence of the field.
The interior system, the shock system, the smart brake system.
Straight-line executioner system. Exterior system. Vibration system.
Rotating executioner system, electric power transfer system, hangar system.
Seal system, mechanical arm system, air suspension system.
Door-driven, electronic implementers, light alloys.
Soundproof system, seat comfort system, switch to knot system.
Thermal management system 1.2. Create a “8+1” product matrix to provide one-stop service to clients Figure 3: Company’s eight major car lines plus power-drive implementer product lines
Eight large car product lines form platform-type suppliers, and the market for new robotic implementers is promising. Companies continue to have large mineral lines, which now form a platform-based enterprise, and now have eight series of products, with one-car packages amounting to about $30,000. The product lines include: 1) nvh shock relief system: total power supports, power drivers, concussions, reversers,
(ii) Internal and external fitting systems: including car doors, roofs, main carpets, caps, insulations, insulations, luggage boxes, soundproofing products such as seals, decorations, etc.: 3) light weighting: including integrated car formations, rear and rear decks, body structures, door structures, battery pack structures, etc. 4)
Base plate systems: including front/back steel/aluminium co-arcophagus, control arm, puller, turnover, etc.; 5) smart cabin components: including screen controllers, electric tail doors, electric transfer doors, seat comfort systems, etc. 6) heat management system: including integrated heat pump totals, multi-port valves, electron water pumps, electro-inflation valves, etc. 7) air hangar systems: including integrated gas units, air springs, etc.
High Sensors, etc.) Smart driving systems: including wire transfer, wire control brakes, wire control poles, etc. 9) new robotics-related operations such as power drive executors, robotic power drive executors and rotation executors developed have been delivered to customers several times. 1.3. Internationalized layout services to global customers.
Companies provide services and support to their clients globally, and manufacturing plants are spread across four continents. The company has built manufacturing bases in many parts of the country around the main domestic fleet of vehicles, and has established manufacturing plants in the United States, Brazil, Malaysia, Poland, Mexico, Thailand, and has now formed more than 50 subsidiaries, five technology R&D centres and more than 70 systems globally.
The global business network of factories provides a platform for global customers. In international markets, companies collaborate fully with the new forces that build cars abroad, such as Tesla and Riveran, as well as with traditional car companies such as Ford, gm, stellentis and Chrysler in the new energy domain.
Follow the customers to sea, to get a fix on the punctuated customer project. Early on, the company followed the home brand as a high-quality supplier, or built a production base out of the country through global orders from overseas brands. For example, it followed Gilly to Malaysia; It followed the general public to Brazil: to Tesla to Mexico. In 2024, the company became the only one in the country.
Proclaimed by BMW Germany, BMW-approved Aluminium BMW control arm supplier, and secured BMW New Platform project fixation. Figure 5: Corporate offshore factories and some of the plant ' s auxiliaries, 1.4. Automobile e-business growth, contributing to the company ' s continued growth
In 2020, the company relied on its large client Tesla for productive capacity to release its revenue-side and profit-side growth, benefiting from the company’s large product lines and the continuous increase in the value of its bicycles, as a result of the explosion in sales and the growth in the company’s automobile electronics business.
The cost of the interior device-based system is controlled during the period when the sub-system-based system is designed to create a system of heat-resistor systems = motor electronics = electric power-driven systems = other operations = and the net interest rate is maintained upwards. The company achieved the Māori sales rate separately in 2023 and 2024h1.
0.04pc. The company ' s Māori rate remains relatively resilient against the backdrop of price fluctuations in raw materials and rising labour costs, which is due in no small measure to the company ' s relatively high number of new factories, higher management and manufacturing fees in the production slopes and test processes, and the company ' s continued increase in R&D inputs and the introduction of skilled personnel, which has led to faster R&D costs. Specifically, 2023 sales/management/R & D/
2. Product+client expansion, enabling companies to expand across 2.1, product lines to continue expansion, platform-based layouts to build moats, auto electronics to grow in second place, third curve robotic implementers to be spent. 1) Traditional lines of operation:
From the start of the company, products such as the original engine twisting, aluminium crushing, etc., entered the interior of the car in 1996, became a complete Nvh product layout, then built on the advantages of the field into the suspension system, and in 2017 it continued to expand into a chassis business advantage. 2) Automobile electronics product line: the company raised funds to get into the car in 2016 for the vp, ibs project.
In the electronics sector, a range of heat management system products have been developed based on the advantages of research and development by ibs. Through continuous research and development inputs, companies have produced successive amounts of air suspension systems, smart cabin implementers, ibs, eps, etc., and the company’s product lines are still open. 3) Robot product lines: in 2023, the company established the Robot Enterprise, and the company relied on the advantages of electronic car-related research and development.
A step-by-step expansion of the product line, opening the third growth curve. 2.2, the opportunities for changes in the automobile industry, the binding of representative customers.
The first phase (the auto industry began to scale up in our country): the company had an early match with the Beijing jeep and a crowd, and then entered the international market. The company was set up as a match with the Beijing jeep, and started the process of developing the automobile industry in 1992.
In 1998, the State Council proposed a “three main three small” strategy for the layout of car production, namely, a national production base for one, two and three cars, and Beijing, Tianjin, and Guangzhou, three minibus production points, which in the same year the company started to match the general use of gas. In 2001, the company entered the international auto parts and components market... and in 2003, the company started to build a new one.
In 2007 and 2009, respectively, the U.S.-wide, North America-Crysler and Germany-Audi systems were introduced. Phase II (joint ventures are in the mainstream of the market): the above-mentioned general, upper-air, Mitsubishi, and the Chang Anfortt joint ventures were the main clients. In the 2000s, the domestic car market was dominated by joint ventures, and the company started to be a high-speed company in 1998.
With the start-up supply, the product is gradually expanded to a number of nvh products, such as suspensions, liners, tremors, etc. During the company’s general-purpose collaboration with large clients, the client has for many years been in the top three As of domestic vehicle sales, and the general-purpose gas is becoming a national champion in a narrow range of vehicle sales in 2010-2013. In 2015 and 2016, the company received $1 billion in the universal e2x global platform project.
Order orders and Gmgem Gmgem project, $1.68 billion. Phase III (Autonomous brands are beginning to rise): Autonomous brand clients, represented by profit, continued to gain market ownership in 2015-2017, during which the company took advantage. Autonomous brands 2015-2017 are approaching the golden age, drawing on suv and suv.
The top ten cars are in order: one pop, one pop, one pop, one pop, one pop, one pop, one cap, one pop, one pop, one pop, one pop, one pop, one pop, one pop, one pop, one pop, one pop.
The first half of phase IV (caring into the new energy age): the company bound its core client Tesla in the first half of the new energy age, and the company developed into a fast track. In 2016, the company was approved to supply Tesla with light-quantified aluminium alloy chassis structures for use in Teslamodel3 and then in July 2017, Model3 was officially produced.
The Shanghai Super Plant was officially launched, and the company ' s condenser, co-branch and control arm products began to match the national product model3, marking the company ' s full embrace of the new energy age and leading the first half of the new energy source. From 2020 to 2023, the Tesla Super Plant was delivered for a total of 15.36/48.58/72.67/94.97 million vehicles, cagr3=83.53 per cent over four years.
During this period, Tesla, as a client of the company, increased both its sales volume and its sales income. In 2020, the Department achieved sales revenue to Tesla of $1,307 million, or 20.08%; by 2023, the company's sales to Tesla had reached $7,857 million, or 39.88%.
In the second half of phase IV (autonomous branding of flowers and flowers): the company speeded up its progress towards the supply of Tier0.5 in the second half of the new energy source, helping China’s automobile industry to develop rapidly. As the company continued to advance the Tier 0.5 level cooperation model, the company continued to do so.
The new energy sector has continued to work in depth with its old domestic clients Gilly, Biadei, Air One, East Wind, and other vehicles, and has become a platform supplier for new customers such as Ideas, Cyrus and Mi, offering a one-stop solution for customers and first to raise their heads in the second half of the new energy source. The company ibs, ps, air hangars, heat management, smart cabins have been acquired.
In December 2023, a new chapter was opened with the launch of the Air Cruise 9 model, which includes a hanger system, a smart door drive system, a heat management system, a switch 3, and a military-shaped robotics track.
3.1. Policy + product two-wheel drive, human robots up to prenatal night. In November 2023, the Ministry of Trade and Communications issued the Guidance for the Development of Innovative Human Robotics, which focuses on key technological breakthroughs and the development of priority products and components. The Guidance identifies human robots as "relay computers, smart phones, new energy vehicles."
Post-car subversive products are new highlands for technological competition, new paths for future industries, new engines for economic development. And point to critical technologies such as human robots, “brains,” “brains,” and robotic limbs, as well as the nurturing of priority products, including whole machines, basic sector components, software, etc.
Chart 19: Critical products and components of human robotics; Priority products and components; Basic setup
Critical technology closing, analogue visual sensors, imitation hearing sensors.
Both legs walking, the robotic limbs of critical technology, the hands working.
It's like a human electro-skin, human mechanics and motors, robotic "brain" critical technology.
General platform, imitation of odor sensors, motor model control basic theory
A big end-to-end model, just collating with biotransmitters, large-scale data set management.
A functional setup, a single computing structure with cloud edges, a tight four-legged structure and a smart hand design.
Low-cost interactive hydraulic server executor multi-model perception and environmental modelling
Hydraulic motors, cylinders, pumps, valves.
Power-driven rotation joints, critical group of robotics, high-precision type.
The bone structure is optimized, the robot's mini-cerebral critical mass of technology is lightly quantifying new material with high intensity.
Modeling and emulation of high-security systems .. complex body structure enrichment for multi-body dynamics modelling and online behavior control
Hydraulic motors, cylinders, pumps, valve trajectory planning Energy-structural-sensual integration design
It's a typical model of motor behavior, electric-driven rotation joints, highly reliable.
Bad environmental protection, whole bodies working together to learn their own ways, living in a bad environment.
The process of mass production accelerates as technology progresses and the city progresses.
The demand has grown, and a large number of domestic and international manufacturers have been involved in the development and production of human robots, such as Tesla optimusg2, which has been able to achieve fine work such as the separation of batteries in the plant, and which has now produced hundreds of units, with large postnatal volumes expected to reduce sales to US$ 20-30 million. In addition, domestic manufacturers such as Boston Power, Combine Robots, Woo, etc.
Tree technology, pelicans, mills, cars, etc., all have a human robotic track. 2024ai Science Day, Mi Network, Ideas Network, Chinese Securities Research 3.2. Executor is one of the core components of the human machine.
The implementer is the core of the motion of a human robot, and the rotation executor and the straight-line executor are responsible for the spin-and-pull movement. The human robot is the integrated joint, which is a critical component of its hardware system and is primarily responsible for transforming energy into robotic mechanical motion. By type of motion, it can be divided into a rotation executor and a straight/lineo executor.
Liners are used to rotate robotic joints, while straight-line executors are used for push-and-pull action. Teslaoptimus rotation executors are configured to include: boxless rectangulators*1 + harmonic decelerations*1 + power tore sensors Teslaoptimus linear executors include: boxless rectimeters*1 + planetary rollers*1 + force sensors
Figure 23: The straight-line implementer structure used by Teslaoptimus 3.3. The company has created the power drive department to cut into the executive track of the track technology, and the company has further developed the product matrix expansion.
These include software, power control, power drive, electrical power, deceleration agencies, sensors, etc., and create advantages associated with robotic implementers such as: 1 with long-magnetized servers, unboxed power units, etc. 2 with integrated power units, decelerating institutions, controllers, 3 with precision mechanical processing capabilities, 4 with co-ordinated capabilities of various types of research and development resources and testing resources.
In mid-2022, Tesla began to send parts and components from China for testing, with company-represented electric vehicle suppliers as their implementers.
In 2023, the company set up a power drive department to develop robotic implementers; in January 2024, the company's robotic power drive system officially entered into production planning for 300,000 power-drive executors/years, while the new production capacity was initiated planning design; by February 2025, the company's power drive line had been achieved to cover rotor magnetic steel assembly, stave-to-wire feed stations and electron cores.
In 2023 and in 20241, the company sent to its customers, respectively, a sample of the Tier0.5 platform supplier, the product line that would satisfy the one-stop solution for the customer, the gradual release of products related to auto-electronics, and the power-driven system operation, which is expected to build on the process of human robotic mass production, for the first time, to accelerate growth.
(a) Coverage of the rating given to the “buy-in”; (b) lower than expected sales by downstream customers; and (c) lower than expected production of human robots;
(4) Corporate globalization is expanding beyond expectations.  Introduction by the Automobile Group
In-depth and forward-looking research, which is good at bottom-up and digging up a stock. In-depth coverage of Tesla's industrial chain/integration.
Morning: Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, Master of Finance, in 2024, joined the Chinese Portfolio to study car and human robotics, reflecting his research. I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, for not having done so, nor for having submitted any specific opinion or opinion in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.