The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services buys (first rating) from the Friends Network (600588.sh)
The cloud core strategy establishes that in 2021, cloud revenues are expected to exceed 35%. In 30 years, the market at the firm level has now developed into a 3.0 phase centred on cloud operations. With policy, technology, and demand driving, the Saas industry in our country will enter a rapid development phase in the next three to five years. We believe that eco-development has taken place.
The exhibition is an inevitable future trend for the saas industry, which has initially established the status of an ecological leader in the industry, building on the strengths of its users, experience, and platforms. It is expected that the corporate cloud business will reach 80% + in the next three years.
The new president is only 43 years old. Meanwhile, 18 years after the company’s 85-year-old cadre appointments have been increased by 100%, setting the direction for rejuvenation. We believe that the company is actively promoting the rejuvenation of cadres and adapting incentives, which are not expected to further improve its internal effectiveness.
User size: 4.67 million cloud uniforms for customers is a prerequisite for the construction of ecology. Longboard advantage: 30 years of experience bring significant leadership in business understanding and precision in client demand. Ecocontrol sites are expanding: 1) nccloud is a big one.
(c) Channel advantages are significant: 2,800 direct sales agents + 7,000 agents, with localization enabling cloud products expanding rapidly. (4) Product integration, integration of partners.
Together with the rapid matching of resources to the needs of the interface, there is a two-way flow. We believe that friends are the leading software company in the country's saas market where ecological construction is taking place, and we look to the resource-based and experience-based leadership as we quickly turn around in the cloud service era and expand the lead.
The programme has been successful and has continued to expand, with a shift from a product-based to an ecological leader.18 The company's ecological objectives were exceeded by a total of 35,542 by the end of the year, with a cumulative investment of 43 projects. In 19 years, the number of partners in the development of the company's objectives has broken out.
We believe that, along with ecological development, companies are shifting from the past product model to the platform+ecological leader. Subtract macroeconomic pressures have increased, corporate-it spending has decreased, and Internet-based industry competition has increased;
Businesses are not as fast as expected; stock restrictions have lifted risks. First, cloud operations are growing rapidly, rejuvenating governance is increasing internal efficiency at the firm level for 30 years, using the friendly 3.0 strategy to continue s-curve growth.
Business-level service leads, the s-curve continues to grow, and the cloud strategy opens for a new 30-year period. For 30 years, business development as a whole has gone through three phases: 1) the period of friendship 1.0 (1988-1998), starting with financial software, the product became the most widely applied professional statement software in the 1990s, the initial one.
The company's leading position in the business-level market has been laid. 2) Friends 2.0 period (1999-2014). The company has been listed successfully and has reached a market value of over 10 billion, while achieving the highest level of multi-product markets such as crm/erp/hrm, which has a strong lead in domestic business services software. 3) Friends 3.0 period (2015 - ).
Clear software-plus finance-coated three-wheel-drive strategy that opens the era of cloud transformation with a market value breakthrough of 50 billion. Corporate cloud service revenue grew by 108% in 2018, representing an overall revenue gain of 11%.
The company now has three core business structures: software, financial services, and cloud services. In software business, the company has become a major player.
In the area of financial services, the company I19q1, with an aggregate sum of $43.938 billion, an increase of 65.8 per cent, in cloud operations, with revenue of $851 million in 18 years, an increase of 108 per cent;
19q1, with 4.77 million registered clients for cloud services and 3,798,000 paid for, 1.2 R & D, higher inputs for sales, higher cash flows and higher advance payments, high R & D costs and nearly half of the investment in cloud services; sales rates are expected to accompany customers in the future
The rate increase has fallen further. After 15 years of declaring the cloud transition, the company has maintained high annual sales costs of 1,649 million, or 21.40%. We believe that, in the long run, the cloud transformation will lead to a drop in cost rates. With the company's arpu and the rate of renewal, it will be selling out in the future.
Advance payments and operating cash flows have increased, and the impact of cloud transformation has been significant. We believe that, for cloud-changing enterprises, revenue is recognized on an annual basis by annual fees, and the receipt of advance payments and operating cash flows can be a cloud business.
From 15 years on, both indicators for companies are in a period of steady growth. The rapid growth of 18-year pre-receipt indicators predicts a steady 19-year business development for companies, evidence that cloud transformation is moving towards 1.3 management, and rejuvenation of governance is expected to further improve internal management efficiency.
On 3 January of that year, the founder, Wang Wen King, resigned and was replaced by Chen Xiang, who is 43 years old, joined a friend in 2000 and became executive president of the company since 2016, and is responsible for the marketing of friends, high-end and cloud business development, product and management experience.
In addition to the CEO, after 18 years of 85 years of appointments, the number of managers has increased by 100%, and most of the core mid-level management posts and key research and development posts are between 30 and 35 years of age. Currently, with the 10% cut-off rate in the company, we believe that the company is actively promoting the rejuvenation of cadres, adapting its internal incentives, and making it possible to move forward in the future.
Step by step to improve internal management efficiency, moving from “re-management” to “many management.” Using the personal effectiveness level that has been increasing since the transition, companies generated 479,000 revenues per capita in 2018, compared with the rejuvenation and efficiency of management, which is expected to increase further in the future.
We believe that the future development of the saas industry is ecological, and that friends are now a significant leader in the construction of the business ecology. The company’s launch of a project to build the ecosystem has been very positive, with multiple targets over 18 years.
In 2019, the company’s target was 5,000+ for partners, 8,000+ for products and services, and 1.6 billion US dollars for the Eco-Partners Development Support Fund. In terms of products, the company launched a nccloud for large group clients at the end of 18 years, using a hybrid cloud structure to create data and operations.
In August 19 it was planned to launch u8cloud 3.0 based exclusively on publicly owned clouds. We believe that, with the full coverage of the company’s cloud lines, cloud operations will account for more than 30% of the revenue in the coming years.
II. Three-wheel drive of the business layout, deep-rooted industrial Internet roots, three-wheel drive of the 2.1 business layout, high growth of cloud services and financial operations, full coverage of the software product lines, and clear positioning of the client structure.
A total of 28.9 per cent exceeded the total of two or three; the market share of the financial management software was 24.6 per cent, which is the first (ccid). Traditional software business aspects, corporate customer positioning capabilities, business lines, and detailed production of products for clients of different sizes/businesses.
The nc series locates large business clients of more than 1,000: the u8 series targets medium- and growth-based businesses of 500 to 100 people; and the fast-forward series targets micro-markets. We believe that, in contrast to peer-to-peer, friend-to-friends have always been a leader in personalization, and software-age companies have been able to meet them by fine product lines.
Corporate-level client diversification needs: In an era of cloudization, friends are also continuing with fine custom-made clothing, cloud product lines are becoming more sophisticated, and medium-level strategic firms are turning digitally. Companies are targeting their clients at the highest level in January with a cloud-based product, nccloud, for large group clients, which is planned to be launched in the second half of the year.
u8cloud 3.0 with cloud structure. At the platform level, the company launched a medium-stage strategy to help digitize the business with `intermediate + data + medium + technology', integrating the front end application landscape, with the ability to sink to the centre, to provide multi-type `saas+paas+daas+baas'
Business-level market cloud services tend to be multi-operative, and in the future they will not only be saas-level services, but will also include multiple types of services such as data, finance, platforms, etc. The digital transformation of enterprises is a fast-growing financial operation for multi-operative services, with significant ecological synergies.
In recent years, a high rate of growth has been achieved through a combination of marketing, procurement, and so on. In 2018, the payment industry achieved income of $155 million, an increase of 81.8 per cent over the same period.
51.8%, influenced by the tightening of policy regulation, is expected to moderate the size of growth in the future. We believe that, along with the sound layout of corporate financial operations, financial innovation services will be more integrated into the business landscape, with significant synergies with software and cloud operations.
2.2 Industrial Internet platforms are pre-eminent, with clients building up deep-seated participation in departmental and municipal “business clouds” schemes, and industrial Internet sites.
A total of 570,000 copies of the cumulative industrial model, 1,050 copies of the industrial model, app 1949, active users, in recent years, with a strong policy push for industrial Internet development. June 18, June 18, circular issued by the Ministry of Industry and Communications on the Action Plan for Industrial Internet Development (2018-2020), and August on the Promotion of Business.
As of December 2018, the use of the Internet as an important means of making a digital transition in enterprises has been taken into account by local governments.
Municipal departments in various parts of the country, such as Jiang Hang County, have signed a strategic cooperation agreement on the Internet for industrial and industrial enterprises, participating in the construction of seven local government-led industrial Internet platforms, which are technologically strong and have a significant impact in reducing their effects.
In 18 years, the North Industrial Clouds platform has been on-line for 5,000 businesses in one month, and in 18 years, 10000 businesses in North Africa have been transformed into high clouds and industrial Internet, effectively helping the North Korean government to achieve the "10,000" goal.
The company helps in the digital upgrading of modelling technology to achieve a four-storey full-way management of “group control to operations, operations to production, implementation to on-site management” that is fully operational and data-sharing.
Organizational synergies have been reduced from the past 16 steps to 4 steps; internal collaboration has increased 3-4 times, finished products have fallen to stocks, and semi-finished stocks have been reduced from 1 to 2 months to 3 days; production efficiency has increased significantly from 1.6 million to 2.3 million units per year.
III. The transformation of the industry Internet, the development of saas customization, is the inevitable trend of 3.1 policies and + enterprise digital demand to drive new opportunities in the tob market. 3.1.1 Subsidization after implementation.
The policy of `Clouds Up Enterprise' has become a reality at the local level, accelerating the process of cloud computing throughout the country. The country is highly committed to the development of the cloud computing industry, with layers pushing the cloud’s deep penetration in the industry.
The three-year plan of action for the development of the 2017 Cloud Plan proposes to guide enterprises in the development of various saas applications, and by 2018 the State will propose the strategic objective of “Operate Clouds”: 1 million more enterprises in the country by 2020, with more than 100 cases of standard-setting applications.
The country was designed at the top, and the provincial governments were able to accelerate the process through two main lines: public cloud platforms, telecommunications, etc.
The company uses cloud platforms, digital networking smart upgrades before receiving subsidies.
The policy model, which is implemented before subsidies, works to the greatest extent possible. From strategy to reality, we believe that the cloud computing industry is expected to make rapid use of demand in the next two years as it emerges from a new wave of rapid growth.
By 2020, 13.3 million more upper cloud enterprises were added, mainly in Zhejiang, Guangdong, and Shandong, with 400,000 planned in Zhejiang province alone. Cloud applications are increasingly diversified in services, and technology is fast-paced to meet customers’ needs.
In 19 provinces and cities, the number of planned cloud service providers has been identified, including 300 in Zhejiang province; in 3 provinces, the number of planned industrial cloud platforms has been identified and Zhejiang province is still on the move.
In the next two years, the country’s cloud computing is expected to accelerate into the long term. 3.1.2 The digitalization of businesses is in a period of rapid development, and the demand for saas is expected to erupt.
China’s cloud computing market is not as large as one tenth of the global market, and long-term development is more certain. According to Gartner, the global cloud computing market was $111 billion in 2017, an increase of 29%: by 2021, the global scale is projected to be $24.6 billion, and the cagr 22%.
The size of the market is estimated at $69.16 billion, or 34%; the size of the private cloud is $42.68 billion, or 24%; and it is believed that in 2021, the market for public clouds will reach $90.26 billion. In contrast to the size of the global market for public clouds, our share of the global market is less than one tenth.
It is believed that, along with the deepening of the industry's Internet, the country's cloud computing market will remain high for the long term. Chart 20: The size of the global public cloud market (in millions of dollars).
At the national level, Ali has introduced the traditional brain-enabling industry, promoting the corresponding brain products in the vertical industries of cities, industry, agriculture, medicine, etc., and working with partners to promote technology.
On September 30, 2018, Tetsu announced a restructuring of the company structure and the creation of a new "Collection of Clouds and Smart Industries" and "Platforms and Content Industries" that will integrate industrial solutions such as cloudtelling, Internet+, smart sales, education, health care, etc., and promote the digitalization of the industry.
Microsoft began to shift its focus to 2b after declaring the cloud a strategy in 2014.
The market value of Microsoft’s market value, in our view, may reflect a recognition by capital markets of the future development of the industry’s Internet. Domestic cloud computing markets are growing faster, and the demand for digital business transformation is being released.
Year after year, the public cloud market and post-market producers were well-placed, with China benefiting from strong R & D and ecological power, up to two to eight times the market average. Big Bureaus led to a short-term decline in industrial concentration. In the long run, we believe that cloud computing markets are still large.
In terms of growth, our public is US$ 218h2 billion. We believe that the accelerated expansion of the market size is proof that the digital transformation of domestic firms is shifting from the clud 1.0 to 2.0 years, and that traditional firms are starting to grow up and are expected to do so.
In 2020, traditional enterprises accounted for more than 10% of the amount of cloud. According to the company cloud report released on the news, China's Internet industry accounted for 79.1% of the country's total in 2017, with video games accounting for 50% of the total; government services grew fastest at 1063.3%, with clouds accounting for 1.2%;
In 2019, the video game industry produced a certain decline in cloud volume; it also benefited from the digitalization of public services; the acceleration of the process; the government's push for more cloudy growth in traditional enterprises; the growth of cloud cover in government and traditional industries from 2019 to 2020; and the projected increase in cloud use in traditional industries by 2020.
We believe that our cloud computing is still in its early stages of development and that the market will continue to be dominated by laas services in the short term: as markets mature in the future, with the expansion and depth of traditional enterprises, our cloud computing market will change structurally and the value of the saas will gradually be highlighted, leading to an expansion of its market share.
3.2saas triggers a change in business model, long-tail customers plus data values increase market space, changes in business models, long-tail effects plus data values significantly increase market size.
Three changes have been made: (1) the shift of software service providers from the past to the past, with industry customization becoming more visible; and (2) the expansion of long-tail clients: annual fees have enabled MSMEs to acquire capacity, bringing the number of MSMEs in the country to 2,328 million by 2017, representing 82.5 per cent of the total number of businesses, which has expanded considerably.
Downstream client groups; 3) data access leads to higher service value and higher product power and arpu value. In the saas era, business operations data can achieve full customer-supply chain-finance connectivity and significantly increase the value of data.
Space. idc data. Our Saas market grew eight times faster than the traditional software market in 2018, and is expected to be larger than $5.8 billion by 2022.
In our view, in the cloud computing era, the driving force for the digital transformation of enterprises is the generation of efficiency gains through technology, and even the search for new business models. This imposes higher technical requirements on software service providers that go deeper into the business level, such as the launch of a product called iEINstein in 16 years, which can automatically be based on a business.
Data taps potential clients and improves transformation rates. We believe that the cloud transformation of software enterprises is not simply a business upwind, but a simultaneous shift to saas, ai and big data, often accompanied by a more long-term, 3.3 enterprise-level market demand and a high degree of customization, and that platform+ecology is a necessary trend in industry development.
The profitability of the saas industry is reflected in the long-term performance activation caused by high customer stickyness. Promotes the transformation of the manufacturer from product to service. The traditional software industry earns most of the revenue from sales of License, and then charges only annual maintenance upgrades.
The change in business model has led to a significant reduction in the cost of customer transfer, and software service providers have shifted from maximizing their client experience to increasing their retention rates to a major business focus.
Large and medium-sized clients with a strong capacity to pay continue to be a competitive focus in the industry, and demand is gradually being released. Despite Saas’s long-tail market, MSMEs are operating in precarious conditions, with high rates of loss, and low capacity to pay.
Large and medium-sized clients with expensive capabilities tend to be more sticky (higher retention rates and arpu values) in use in large enterprises, while the customization of Saas software is much higher than in MSMEs due to the complexity of the intra-group architecture and business processes. The business structure of the country’s purchasing saas is shifting to large and medium-sized enterprises.
According to the data, the largest client group buying saas changed from 16-year smb to 17-year-old Minenterprise. We believe that the digital needs of our medium- and large-sized enterprises are likely to be concentrated over the next two years and that the Saas enterprises, which are able to meet the diversification needs of their corporate customers, will be rapidly established and consolidated.
The general domain faces intense competition, diversified market demand at the enterprise level, and platform plus ecology is a necessary trend for industry development. We believe that vertical industries vary greatly in their characteristics in the industry’s Internet age, and enterprises differ from one industry to another.
Business needs vary, and it is difficult to achieve a rapid outbreak of flow through a standard app in the consumer Internet age. Without industry-deep technology giants, it is difficult to achieve industry-wide coverage through their own business layouts, so leading firms will build ecological isolation based on technological, resource, etc., capabilities in various fields.
In collaboration with manufacturers that have a deep understanding of the needs of the industry, the advantages are complementary to the technology. Unlike vertical saas markets, where barriers to entry are low for generic business management software such as erp, crm, 800 customers, easy sales, teambition, and a variety of raw saas manufacturers compete for their share.
In our view, the platform plus ecology model will be an important tool for the Internet in the giant industry. The farming industry’s many years of experience with traditional software giants (e.g., Golden Fluttershys, Users) or Internet producers with relatively strong ecological construction capabilities (e.g., Ali Nail) will be most likely to gain head in the Saas industry in the future.
Location; Saas manufacturers that are unable to construct a complete ecology will focus on the depths, gain advantages in the segmenting of markets, or choose to become participants in the giant ecology.
4.1 The three elements of ecological construction – users, longboards, control points – we believe that ecological development is an inevitable trend in the saas industry, and that friends are one of the most promising companies in the future to grow into ecological constructors. After many years of layout, companies are being developed from past product models.
The shift from industry to platform-based ecology has become one of the greatest features of the cloud age for friends. Through industry chain research and in-depth research on industry, three elements of ecological construction are summarized: 1) users; 2) longboards; and 3) control points.
1) User value is the foundation on which ecology is built: the platform/eco-business needs to provide technical support to partners, while integrating resources to match client needs, shifting from industry competitors to empowerment, and ultimately benefiting from ecology.
2) The longboard is the core industry-based capability of an enterprise: individual firms eventually build their own barriers to competition through competition in the industry, and they need many advantages in the process. We believe that the longboard is the foundation of an enterprise.
The central advantage of the base is its ability to win in competition. 3) Control points are interfaces between business and users and ecological partners, providing customer value or enabling partners to work together. We believe that control points are the entry points where ecological builders interact with customers or partners.
The ultimate expression of the competitive advantage of an enterprise is the value of use to customers, the empowerment of partners and the integration of resources, which can take the form of platforms, products, channels, etc., where firms tend to have the initiative of rule-making in control points. The better the ecological construction, the more control points of the enterprise.
Figure 27: Three elements of ecological construction: Users, longboards, control points, 4.2 end-of-life eco-constructs have continued to improve, and the plan has been very effective.
The project has been very effective, with the target of 2019 reaching 5,000 partners. The company uses its resources.
In 2018, the company launched a project to expand its distribution partners, consultancy implementing service partners, cloud market partners, cloud platform development partners, and strategic partners. In 18 years, the company ' s ecological objectives were exceeded, and the number of eco-partners expanded by the end of the year.
3542. In 2019, the number of partners in the development of corporate objectives reached 5,000, the number of online products and services was 8,000, and the company invested 1.6 billion eco-partner development support funds in industry to support partner growth. As of the end of 18th year, the total number of corporate investment projects amounted to 43.
We believe that the future saas industry is ecologically competitive, that its friends are the leading software firms in the country's current saas market in terms of ecological construction, and that we look to the resource-dependent and empirical advantage that we have in the service age to quickly turn around and expand the lead.
4.3 The number of users is large, the long-board advantage is significant, the number of users is large, and the branding of large and medium-sized markets is strong. Companies have been at the forefront of the domestic firm-level market in the traditional rp software era, with a market share close to 20%.
With 30 years of layout, companies have built stronger brands in medium- and large-scale markets. After the cloud transition, the number of cloud service clients has expanded rapidly, and by 2018, the number of registered cloud users had reached 4,672,000 and the number of paid clients reached 36,190,000.
Longboards – 30 years of deep-farming enterprise-level markets, where client demand is precisely controlled, and industry understanding is significantly ahead. Different business models and management needs vary considerably, and the internal management processes of large firms are complex.
For example, an erp product needs to be optimized continuously in the course of a client’s implementation, and the more experienced an enterprise can understand the client’s business needs. On the other hand, an enterprise that has a deep vision can do so.
Integrating operations, modularizing, and ultimately empowering partners through technology platforms.
Control points are gradually improving, and ecological dominance is gaining prominence. We believe that the four dominant control points of the company are: 1) nccloud improves the competitiveness of large and medium-sized markets: 2) iuap cloud platforms - build ecological infrastructure; 3) large distribution networks drive rapid landing of cloud products; 4) products
The capacity to integrate partners ' resources is being consolidated. 4.4 Production capacity is constantly improving, mixed cloud structures are helping to expand the market in large and medium-sized markets, research and development inputs are constantly increasing, and client coverage systems are gradually improving.
Research and development efforts have remained at around 20% since the turn of the cloud, and in recent years investment in cloud operations has been increasing. In 2018, companies invested 1,486 billion yuan in research and development, or 19.29% of the revenue, which is expected to strengthen competition in large and medium-sized markets in response to the demand for cloud blends from large customers.
In recent years, mixed cloud trends have become more apparent, especially in large and medium-sized markets, where firms tend to mix clouds. According to rightscale, the global mixed cloud market in 2017 reached 67%; and the global mixed cloud market is expected to reach $100 billion by 2021.
In January 2019, friends released cloud products for growth-oriented groups to large enterprise groups - nccloud, with a comprehensive mix of cloud structures supporting a flexible model of privately owned, publicly owned and exclusive cloud. We believe that the launch of nccloud will further compensate for the company's past presence in large and medium-sized enterprises.
Job openings in mixed cloud markets, enhanced company competitiveness in high-arpu-value customer markets. 68 segmented areas in a broad industry category, including new retailing, digital plants and smart manufacturing, financial sharing, enterprise performance management, talent management, corporate social wisdom synergy, smart taxation and electronics
So far, after the launch of the new product, a number of large business clients, such as dragon meat, Zhejiang's tomorrow-day holdings, Heilongjiang drop group, coastal group, farmers' group, and 100 major groups, have been acquired.
4.5 iuap Clouds Platform - Building the core of ecology, 3+2 strategies to accelerate the digital transformation of firms The bottom technological infrastructure of fast-growing cloud services, enabling partners to further meet the need for customization. We believe that in cloud computing age, saas are more than just software.
Clouds, rather than segregating from the traditional software age chimneys and maximizing their usefulness, require greater ai and big data analysis capabilities from the saas manufacturers. Meanwhile, large and medium-sized enterprises have complex operations and high individualized needs, and manufacturers need to continuously reduce the cost of meeting customization needs to improve their profitability.
In this context, it is inevitable to expand to the Paas layer. Digitalize the business infrastructure platform using the Soyun platform. On the one hand, the Paas platform guarantees business stability and flexibility, and on the other hand, it opens up its resources and capabilities to partners, empowering and gradually competing with the industry.
The 3+2 strategy captures the pains of the industry and accelerates the deployment of cloud services to the ground. With the middle-stage concept, the friendly cloud platform proposes 3+2 strategies, including technology hubs, data hubs, business hubs, and hybrid cloud services.
The technology center, gpaas, is compatible with multiple laas manufacturers, and is connected up to the docking center. The underlying technological support capacity for the use of the amigo cloud is a core part of the cloud-based architecture, providing agile development processes, flexible resource scheduling, full-link operational monitoring, integrated service integration, etc.
Figure 34: Using the closegpaas center strategy dpaas center data builds a complete multi-sector data asset system based on a friend company data lake technology, while achieving data services for in-house data drivers and external clients.
And by processing, digging and training data in real time, making data more intelligent, eventually helping businesses to evolve from bi to ai. Bpaas, in the middle of the business, builds the capacity of a whole set of corporate services, such as financial cloud, symmetric cloud, human cloud, etc.
It also contains a range of norms, tools, frameworks, components and best practices, which are the deepest, most sedimentary, and most competitive part of the company’s cloud services. Partners are capable of delivering their capabilities together, finding their capabilities, and constantly optimizing their capabilities in bpaas squares.
We believe that using the Soyuz platform to rely on 4 million + fellow clients to open up their capabilities to partners, while integrating partner resources to clients, building up a full range of solutions to the cloud in the company, and developing their own ecological capabilities. Building on the strength of technology and the ability to visualize the future,
4.6 A strong distribution network is expected to bring about rapid expansion, with localization of the dominant cloud products, using the largest marketing service network in the friendly country.
There is the largest network of marketing services in the domestic software industry, with a network of medium- and high-end customer marketing services throughout the country, with nearly 100 branches selling, selling, and servicing the dead. The company’s direct sales team, with 2815 sales in 2018, accounted for 17.51 per cent of the total number of companies.
There are more than 7,000 corporate agents, including nearly 2,000 of them. We believe that channel agents can provide timely and effective localization services that are closer to the needs of local clients: a vast distribution network is a strong guarantee that the future cloud business of friends can move quickly forward.
With the establishment of the cloud strategy, the company promoted the sale of cloud products by downstream channels partners, reaching 264 per cent in 2018, 52 per cent in cloudp distribution, and u8clud in two-line cities.
50 per cent of partners sold cloud products. In 2019, companies continued to expand cloud product coverage, achieving 95 per cent regional coverage and 80 per cent partner coverage. 4.7 Product integration capacity - integrating partner resources to meet client individualizing needs
As of April 19 the Soyun Market had reached more than 3,500 eco-partners, with more products and services in place.
Over 5,500. Based on the integration strategy, the cloud market selects products and services that are leading in the various areas of disaggregation, connects with the friendly cloud platform, and has released 52 cloud integration products covering a number of operational areas such as application services, platform infrastructure services and tools, supply chains and logistics.
We believe that companies, based on the platform ' s ecological advantages, integrate partner quality products that, on the one hand, quickly meet the firm ' s basic needs for appropriate applications and enhance user experience, and, on the other hand, are sufficient to achieve a two-way flow with the Isv manufacturer to further strengthen ecological barriers.
4.8 Cloud services are maturing and the number of clients and renewal rates are constantly increasing The client size is large, the initial extension rate for cloud products is low, and the rate of renewal is expected to increase in the future with product classification maturity. In 2018, the number of u8cloud projects increased by 500 per cent over the same period, and the number of projects alone was increased by 500 per cent.
The number of clients paid by companies in the medium and large markets was 70,000, compared to 11.34 million in the small micromarkets, an increase of 62 per cent in the same year; the rate of renewal of clients was 49.9 per cent, and the average price of a passenger unit for 18 years was approximately $57,000, of which u8clud
About $450,000, with a future netclud unit price of over half a million. 1) Software business: companies have a significant advantage in high-end software markets, with more than 60% of the country’s 500 largest firms establishing partnerships with companies.
Large-scale corporate itt spending is gradually showing a shift from cost to production, and the main impact of macroeconomic pressures is on small businesses. We expect that corporate big-client spending will not be accompanied by a significant reduction in the downside of the economy, and that software operations will grow faster than the company's 19th quarterly report.
As the corporate cloud transition deepens, the product maturity rises, and future new customers (especially small and medium-sized ones) give preference to the cloud, creating a certain strain on the software business. We anticipate successive roll-out, while companies become more determined in the cloud transformation strategy. The domestic Saas market is just emerging.
Building on ecological, product and channel advantages, it is expected that corporate cloud services will be sustainable over the next 3-5 years) financial services: we expect payment operations to benefit from rapid market developments.
4) Māori ratio for sales: As cloud operations develop, Māori rate benefits from the scale effect gradually rising (the volume of orders increased by more than the cost of the expansion of new demand by large and medium-sized enterprises and the number of micro-enterprise clients increased by more than the cost); furthermore, the Paas platform can be further reduced
In 2019-2021, the company's combined Māori ratio, the share of Internet sales and the customer repurchase rate increased, and the cost of sales declined. We expect that the cloud transformation of the manufacturer is not just saasization, but also a simultaneous shift towards the ai and big data.
Corporate R & D inputs will remain at 20 per cent + level in the coming years, corresponding to research 2019-2021.7 Cash flows from operating activities: cash inflows, accompanied by an increase in client size, under the saas subscription model Growth from year to year: benefits from the smooth development of cloud operations and expected cash flows from corporate operating activities over the next three years
In 2019-2021, we expect the value of cash flow and financial operations generated by corporate operations (p/e valuation method): cloud services have contributed less to income over the past few years. According to industry chain research, we believe that net interest rates on corporate software and financial services range between 9 and 11 per cent.
After many years of layout, the leader is strong. We give software and financial operations a 20-year 35x valuation, corresponding to a reasonable value of $29.4 billion, taking into account comparable companies in the industry.
For comparable companies, we've chosen overseas saas because the value of saas is highly correlated with the rate of increase in their earnings, which is now relatively mature, and the rate of increase has fallen to between 10 and 30%, which is not comparable to that of domestic firms. We've chosen overseas saas manufacturers.
(a) The continuing downswing in macroeconomics and the decline in software operations as a result of the contraction of corporate int expenditures;
▪ Not as fast as expected; score, then averaged the final rating as market average investment