An annual report by a Chinese bank in 2019 discloses an increase of 4.06 per cent in the year 2019 in the net return to the mother (a 4.11 per cent increase in the previous three quarters). An increase of 8.94 per cent in the year-on-year (a 10.69 per cent increase in the first three quarters).
\triangleright net profit returns dropped by 5bp in the first three quarters of the year as compared to the rate of increase, mainly due to higher non-interest income and cost ratios
Rates of return on interest-bearing assets and cost rates on interest-bearing liabilities have declined slightly compared to the previous three quarters, and we estimate that this is mainly due to lower rates on the corporate market and a small drop in the cost of customer deposits in the second half of the year.
So, in order to avoid seasonal effects, we use ttm-calibre observation companies for profitability. The du Pont method of splitting roa further at the end of 2019q4, and the drop in the net difference ring ratio is the main reason for roa down. But overall, roa is still relatively robust.
The quality of the assets was stable, the capital was replenished through multiple channels \triangleright increased the recognition and write-off of non-performing loans and the overall quality of the assets remained stable.
The ratio of loans over 90 days overdue as a percentage of non-performing loans (non-performing loan deviation) was 56 per cent at the end of q4 and 25bp less at the beginning of the year;
In 2019, the company replenished its capital through multiple channels, issuing $40 billion in long-term debt, $100 billion in domestic priority shares, and $70 billion in second-tier capital bonds, of which $40 billion in long-term debt was the first in line for our banking sector, and a new round of capital replenishment. We forecast a net return profit increase for the company for the period 2020-2021.
The analysis logic is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeking to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.