Tri-quarter evaluation 2021: Profit suppression is expected to ease, new breakthroughs in liquid gold technology are expected.
Compared to +18.65 per cent; net return to the mother ' s profit of $1.002 billion, or 14.58 per cent. Of these, the third quarter of the camp was reduced by a single quarter due to an outbreak in Viet Nam and pressure from shipping, higher shipping costs, higher raw material costs, lower prices for products, and lower Māori rates. The company ' s Māori rate was 17.34 per cent in the third quarter of 2021, compared to the same year.
Huge wheels of high-performance meridian tyres, 3 million high-performance, intelligent, full steel loads per year, Meridian tyres, 3 issues of Viet Nam “Program of 3 million and a half steel meridian tyres per year, 1 million steel all-round meridian tyres and 50,000 tons of non-road tyres”, Cambodia “Nine and a half steels per year”.
The Meridian Tires Project and the Peripherals Project, which produces 1.2 million high steel meridian tyres and 6.5 million steel meridian tyres per year. The company expects the Cambodian project to start production by the end of 2021. As the company is able to upgrade and optimize its layout, it will be better able to meet domestic and foreign market needs and enhance competitiveness.
“Little gold” engineering breakthroughs are expected to create new growth poles. The company's “liquid gold” technology has subverted the rubber-filled physical drying that has been practised in the rubber industry, breaking the classic wear theory in the field of rubber materials, breaking the laws of the Devil's Triangle, and breaking the laws of the industry.
1 Racer Tyres (601058): The original innovative technology known as the “fourth milestone” in the field of rubber tyres, both internal and external.
With the expansion of liquid gold tyres and the volume of their production, 2, "Rolley tyres" (601058): performance.
The future will be a powerful boost to corporate branding and profitability. With higher innovation, the company has developed into a fast-track vehicle, making profit predictions and investment ratings: considering that the company is affected by shipping, we have adjusted the company’s profit margin.
In the future, factors such as the 2020-10-14 cost are expected to slow down the current levels of profitability in the tyre industry, companies continue to optimize their domestic and external production structures, and “liquid gold” tyres are promoted on a large scale, moving up to “buy-in”
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC), it has the status of a securities investment advisory committee.