q3 Performance meets expectations, "Little Gold" Help Grows Reverse Wind (601058.sh) Race tires 31 October 2021
• Q3 performance was in line with expectations, with “liquid gold” contributing companies growing up against the wind, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. On 29 October, the company issued its third quarter report for 2021, when it achieved 132.45 revenues in the first three quarters of 2021, the company was in a difficult position and pushed to roll out “liquid gold tires”. We maintained the 2021-2023 corporate surplus.
Watching as maritime transport costs ease the company's performance and maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Q3 sales fell, operating costs rose significantly, but the flat price of tyres went up, company performance fell only marginally, fetal loads were poor, and in early July, half and whole steel opened in the country due to slower downstream demand and continued accumulation.
Workload rates are at approximately 42-45% and have been restored, but in September the energy consumption double-controls were opened and the overall price of the black and steel curtain lines was 8.37%. The average price of the q3 unit birth was 382 yuan/bar, the ring increased by 26 yuan/bar, the upward momentum continued, the company resisted the pressure, and the q3 performance was only a slight drop.
"Liquid gold" is a powerful hit + high growth + sea transport cost mitigation expectation, and the tires have sailed. According to Tremendous Information, the start-up rate in the country's tyre industry has increased to 55-60 per cent as at 28 October.
The price of raw materials has fallen. As energy consumption controls have risen again, we expect tyre companies to remain under pressure at q4, pressure, and companies are flying back and forth to show their tires, and major tire brands have made several rounds of price increases. At this point, companies are pushing for the introduction of “liquid gold” tyres.
We believe that 2022-2023 will be a year of corporate investment, a year of remarkable growth, and a drop in shipping costs, and we hope that the company will come to a point where it will perform. The firm’s lowest competitive advantage in tax rates will come to an end.
It's settled that the tire ship will reboot for a trillion races.