Net profits increased significantly, profitability increased significantly, electricity volume and electricity prices increased both times, and corporate net profits increased significantly. In the first three quarters of 2022, companies achieved a business income of $146,276 million (+22.25 per cent) and a net profit of $5,073 million (+169.10 per cent).
Of this, operating income of 55.118 billion yuan (+26.10 per cent) was realized in the first quarter of the third quarter, resulting in a net return of 2,719 million yuan (+351.08 per cent). The net profits of the company grew significantly as a result of the company ' s electricity generation, the company ' s average online electricity prices, and the company ' s transfer of shares in the Ningxia region, and the return on investment.
Roe has increased significantly over the past three quarters of 2022, with good operating cash flows. The company rose by 10.85 per cent in the first three quarters of 2022, with a significant increase in the price of electricity on the Internet, an advantage in coal-fired power integration and a decrease in the financial cost rate resulting in an increase in net interest rates.
With regard to cash flows, in the first three quarters of 2022, the net operating cash flow of companies was 39,093 million yuan, an increase of 94.76 per cent over the same period. This was mainly due to the increase in the same-year electricity supply, which resulted in higher incomes and higher tax credits received.
At the same time, the price of coal-fired tradables has floated, the fuel company has been pressured to hit the fuel costs, and the future price of coal-marketed tradables is expected to remain floating and to promote company-fired power.
In the case of hydropower, the construction of the Sichuan T-voltage exchange network has accelerated, and future company consumption is expected to improve; at the same time, the annual readjustment of the water reservoir will help to increase the amount of electricity generated and to improve the company ' s utility earnings. In addition, the company acquired 11% of the shares of the Grand River, holding the shares.
As of September 2022, corporate wind power, photovoltaic aggregate capacity, 7.46 and 2.32gw, respectively, were added this year.
On the basis of company planning, it is expected that 2.50gw new energy loading machines will be delivered in the fourth quarter, driving the company’s future growth in revenue and performance. The company’s winding up of new energy sources during the 1455s has a large potential to increase its revenue and net profits in the future as the project moves.
National electric power is a national publicly-owned electricity company controlled by the National Energy Group, operating mainly in electricity, thermal production and marketing, and in the fields of electricity and electricity, hydropower, wind power, photovoltaic power and coal, distributed throughout 28 provinces, cities, and autonomous regions of the country.
Development of strategic positioning of leading forces, leading world-class business builders”, as of June 2022, companies held shares with a capacity of 10,386.4 million kW, of which 76,46 million kW, 149,566 kW, 74,593 kW, 15,05 million kW of photovoltaic, and 2,39,264 kW in total for non-chemical energy.
The National Energy Group holds an equity interest of 50.68 per cent of the electricity and electricity of the country in which the company holds a controlling interest.
It was officially established on 28 November 2017 as a joint reorganization of the China State Power Group and the Shunhua Group, with all-industry chain operations such as coal, electricity, transport and chemicals, and is the largest coal producer, the Fire Power Company, the Wind Power Company and the Coal Oil Coal Industries Company in the world.
The National Energy Group explicitly uses national electricity as a platform for integrating the country’s conventional energy generation operations, giving priority to national electricity generation operations, and plans to gradually inject conventional energy generation operations into national electricity by 2022. Since the restructuring, the issue of shareholder commitments is moving forward.
In January 2019, another holding subsidiary of the National Electricity and National Energy Group, the Chinese Senghua, with their respective shares and assets, formed the Beijing State Electricity and Power Company Ltd., with 57.47 per cent of the shares and 42.53 per cent of the shares of the Chinese Senghua, thus accelerating the consolidation of quality assets and adding 30.53 million kW to the control engine.
In September 2021, the company introduced asset swaps with the National Energy Group, where the company placed shares in Hebei Bank and the Inuit Group (Chemicals), and the National Energy Group placed the company in Shandong, Jiangxi, Fujian, Guangdong, Hainan, Hunan, etc., with a capacity of 15.6 million kilowatts.
The company is multi-structured and profitable, but the new power plant needs to be upgraded further. Large-scale fires, with state electricity, energy, energy, and electricity, with China, in terms of the size of the installation.
The power and power controllers are only second in size to the HCI, and they are among the top in the industry. In the case of wind and new energy installations, as of the end of 2021, the power and power of the state, Da Tang generation, China Power International and Wind and Light and New Energy Regulations were 31% of the new energy sources, and the equity and interest of the new and renewable energy units was 8.44gw.
In terms of interest rates, net interest rates, roe indicators, since 2021, the Māori rate and net interest rate of national electricity have been better than that of companies because, on the one hand, national electricity and electricity, which are part of the National Energy Group of China and China, have a comparative advantage in the protection of coal supply, and there is relatively little pressure on the cost side of the fire power business; on the other hand, the structure of the national electric power plant.
Figure 6: Comparison of national electricity with net interest rates of comparable companies
The amount of electricity and the price of electricity have increased both times, and the net profit on the company’s return to the mother has increased considerably. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company achieved a revenue of $146,276 million (+22.25%), a net profit on the mother of $5,073 million (+169.10%) and a net profit on the non-return to the mother of $3,931 million (+653.29%). Of this, operating income in the third quarter of the first quarter of the quarter was $55,118 million.
(+26.10 per cent), net profit attributable to the mother is 2,719 million yuan (+351.0 per cent) and net profit not attributable to the mother is 1,852 million yuan (+165.59 per cent). The reason for the firm ' s significant increase in net profit is: first, the company ' s increase in electricity generation on a year-on-year basis and the price of grid electricity is $435.39/mwh, an increase of 25.47 per cent in the same year; and third, the transfer of equity in the Ningxia region by the company, investment
In the third quarter, the proceeds from the disposal of non-liquid assets increased by $1,482 million, and in the first three quarters of 2022, by source of electricity, the amount of electricity generated by company fire, hydropower, wind power, photovoltaic power, respectively, figure 11: net profit from the single quarter of national electricity (in billions of yuan)
Māori rates, net interest rates have improved, and financial rates have declined. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company ' s Māori rate was significantly higher and its coal power integration advantage was higher; in the first three quarters of 2022, public, the rate was 7.13 per cent, an increase of 4.33 pt over the same period in 2021, with a profit level equal to that of the same period.
Figure 14: Māori and net interest rates for national electricity: Figure 15: Three cost rates for national electricity have increased significantly, and operating cash has improved better. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company was 10.85 per cent, compared with 10.85 per cent in the first three quarters of 2022.
With respect to cash flows, the net operating cash flow was $39,093 million in the first three quarters of 2022, representing an increase of 94.76 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of the increase in the same volume of electricity and the increase in sales income and the corresponding increase in tax refunds received; and the net cash flow of the company ' s investments.
National policies have strongly promoted price-fixing for coal, with the “3 100%” policy in place, and the re-signing of the new coal masters, which is expected to reduce the company’s coal fuel cost pressure. Meanwhile, the price of coal-marketed tradable electricity has risen.
In 2022q3, the company averaged $435.39/mwh, increased by $88.38/mwh, floated by 25.47 per cent, the support company pressured the cost of hedge fuel, and expected to keep the price of marketized trade in coal power and contribute to further restoration of public power on fire.
Figure 18: Power traded and traded on the national electricity market (in millions of kWh) The hydroelectric assets of the national electricity supply are concentrated in the river basins, while the river flows mainly through the province of Qinghai.
The Great River is only a provincial power station, which is at a disadvantage in terms of the priority of dispatch. Compared to the electricity supply, the Yangtze power supply (data from the three gorges), the energy power supply and the average number of hours spent nationwide, there is a clear upward trend in the cost of electricity and electricity in the country, higher than the national average, but lower than comparable companies and more in the future.
According to the Sichuan Energy Development Plan, Sichuan Province will continue to build a high-voltage and direct flow corridor, including the complete construction of crane beaches to Jiangsu (the project was completed in May 2022).
(b) Construction of a multi-supplemental high-voltage transmission project; construction of a multi-capable evacuation facility for the upper Kinsha River up to the north of the lake; research planning for connection to the north-west electricity grid to access the second channel; study of the transmission of the super-voltage project to the lower river in the south-east of the warehouse and to the south-east of the Jaruzhub; and upgrading of the transmission route built during the period of the 13th Five-Year Plan
As a result, Sichuan's transmission pattern is expected to evolve from a “six straight eight” during the 13th Five-Year Period to a “eight straight eight” during the 14th Five-Year Period, with space and plans for further upgrades. With the construction of the two-Ejiangguchi hydroelectric power station, it is expected that the profitability will be further expanded.
Hydropower plants are difficult to cope with seasonal fluctuations in water resources. According to the Sichuan 14 Energy Development Plan, the seasonally regulated reservoir power station is not equipped with 40% of the total hydropower installed, and less with the annual capacity, so Sichuan is not well equipped to regulate, and it is highly inconspicuous.
At present, national electricity is accelerating the construction of a two-stream hydroelectric plant in the river basin's tap reservoir, which is scheduled to be launched in 2025. The two-river station is the Sichuan River River Water Planning Adjustment Report.
Level 5 of the recommended 3-bureau 22 development programme, which adjusts 2,152 million cubic metres of reservoir capacity for annual regulation of reservoirs, increases the capacity of downstream ladder power stations by about 6 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh). Much of the increase in electricity is due to dry water or high pricing levels, so that the two-Ejiangguchi hydroelectric plant will generate substantial income.
The company completed the acquisition of 11 per cent of the stockholdings held by the National Energy Group in September 2022, after which the company held 80 per cent of the stockholdings of the Grand River Company and is expected to benefit more fully in the future from the development dividends of the improved profits of the River and to enhance the company's performance.
In recent years, the country’s electricity and electricity have been growing at an all-time pace, competing for new energy. According to the company’s 14th Five-Year Plan, 35 million kilowatts of new energy and more than 40% of clean energy are planned for the period of the 14th Five-Year Plan.
Thousands of kilowatts, we reasonably estimate that the size of the new 35 million kilowatts of energy installed by 2025 will continue to grow at a high rate in the next three years. Based on the advantage of heat-up power, the national electricity is actively pursuing the “Fire-plus-new energy-plus-peak” development strategy.
More wind and light base projects are being developed. In 2022, the National Development Commission and the Department of Energy jointly issued the Large Wind and Light Base Planning Programme, focusing on desert, Gobi and desert areas, which identifies large wind and light base locations with a focus on desert, Gobi and desert regions, and by 2030 plans for the construction of a wind and light base assembly.
Four hundred and fifty-five million kilowatts, while explicitly requiring large wind and light base projects to be based on transport, construction or approved evacuation corridors, with coal power flexibility. Regions respond to national policies, such as Xinjiang, with a new energy scale based on 1.5 times the capacity of new peaks after air fleet flexibility and adaptation.
Areas such as Ningxia, Zhejiang and Yunnan have been prioritized to take full advantage of the capacity of the fire engine units in these areas and the advantages of the existing outlet to obtain additional wind and light base base projects. 1) On the power side, based on the company ' s ongoing construction projects and future development plans, it is assumed that the company will be new in 2022-2024, respectively.
200, 50, 500,000 kilowatts of additional electric power; in the use of hours, based on the company's 14th Five-Year Development Plan and resource reserves, it is assumed that the size is 430, 650, 6.5 million kilowatts; in the use of hours, reference is made to the company's passing of new sources of energy.
Hours, in terms of electricity prices, assuming a downward trend in future prices, as new items are priced at par and may be subject to future market competitions.Package, assuming that companies do not have the size of new hydroelectric units in 2022 or 2023, based on ongoing projects and planned production.
In 2024, 1.1 million kilowatts were added; based on the number of hours used by the company in the past, the number of hours spent on utilities in 2023-2024 was 4,000 hours; the price of electricity was assumed to be the same as in 2021.
4) In terms of costs and costs over time, assumptions are made mainly by taking into account trends in coal prices, investment costs for windfall new energy projects. At the same time, sales rates, R & D rates, administrative costs, and income tax rates are stable, taking into account the company’s past levels.
The fall, the company's power-fired business was profitable, while the marginal cost of power generation was lower than the Biti's income from new wind-power sources.
In addition, as the company ' s hydropower operations have a greater impact on the company ' s performance, the choice of hydropower-based hydropower, which is mainly distributed in the south-western region, and of energy from the river, as the company ' s hydropower, is based on more hypothetical assumptions, especially with regard to the company ' s operating costs in the coming years.
In comparison with the company ' s business, we have chosen the comparable Public Division 2023pe level as a reference for the relative valuation, taking into account the growth of the company and the average dynamics of the industry.
2. Given the company ' s large new energy loading planning objectives and the firm ' s conglomerate background, it is assumed that planning can be implemented for 100 per cent, but there is some uncertainty about the construction of new energy sources, such as the continued high price of photovoltaic components and the intense competition for wind power resources, which may not grow as fast as expected.
3. As electricity market-based transactions progress, the volatility of new energy power leads to a certain disadvantage in electricity market exchange relative to traditional energy sources, and therefore risks a sharp fall in electricity prices. And the market is also driving the process of new energy storage, which will put some pressure on the construction costs of new energy sources.
This could result in less progress than expected in the installation of new energy sources.4 Coal prices continue to be high, and the National Development and Reform Commission issued a circular in February 2022 on the further improvement of the market price-setting mechanism for coal, stating that the medium- and long-term trading price for the sub-water coal (5,500 kilocalories) in the port of Qin.
Reasonable interval of $570 to $770 per ton (including taxes), but uncertainty in the coal market is likely to lead to a lower than expected price of fuel. In the future profitability projections for company fire power, hydropower and new energy projects, we set many parameters, these are:
The parameters are based on historical data and individual judgement of future changes: 1. We believe that if a country regulates power operations upstream from the coal supply side, the marketization of electricity will not advance as much as it is expected to lead to higher prices than we expect;
2. The growth of corporate performance may be affected if new energy flows do not grow as expected;3 The performance of the company ' s new energy sector in the year when new energy sources were windy and lightly poor.3 The performance of the company ' s power sector in the year when water and water were poor may be affected by the performance of the company ' s hydropower sector in the year.
The price of electricity on the Internet is an important factor affecting the profitability of companies. The price of electricity on the Internet is strictly regulated by the Government and may in the future lead to changes in the prices of electricity on the Internet, which may affect the profitability of companies as the electricity reforms deepen and the competition for access is implemented.
2. Policy risks. As the competition for new and traditional energy becomes more and more competitive, the new energy mix can significantly increase costs, thus affecting the unanticipated profitability of new energy sources.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party; the author has not studied the report in the past, now or in the future.