The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre continues to improve its product lines.
Events: Corporate annual report 2021, with total operating income of $4.63 billion a year-on-year increase of 66.0 per cent; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, with net profits of $2.13 billion a year-on-year increase of 99.0 per cent. Corporate performance has risen significantly, with a significant increase in the model. 2021: 1) Receivable: Company radio frequency sub-devices/
The radio frequency module operations each achieved a revenue of $33.550 billion (+36.1 per cent/+332.7 per cent for the same year) and lubricant: the Māori sales/net interest rate was 57.7 per cent/46.1 per cent for the same year and +4.9 pp/+7.7 pp for the same year.
The company has a high market share of the two major pansoi processors, switch and Lina, and this lead is expected to extend to the lnabank and lfem reception modules. The company has a higher share of Andre's major clients, and the company's soi product is expected to benefit from and increase in volume, with a continuous increase in mobile penetration of 5g.
The lead in the radio frequency process is also expected to contribute to the layout of the receiving end module. In the receiving end module, the lnabank, lfem and the soi process are dominated, and the company is expected to maintain the leadership of the soi-led receiving end module based on its multi-year accumulation and city dominance.
• The company continues to increase the input of high-end filters, and the launch-end models are expected to start; the self-constructed production lines canss are converted to fab-lite, perfecting the production capacity of the radio frequency saw filter crystal circle and radio frequency module containment. The filter dominates the high-year ipid and saw filter market at a total market size of $5.93 billion, compared with the current national production rate of only about 3 per cent.
In addition, the company is going to invest $3.5 billion in a self-built chip semiconductor project that will expand the company's saw filter layout, which is expected to become operational this year, and that will fill the company with filtration capacity. Pa, which requires radio frequency devices for the advanced launch module, is competitive among national producers.
The launch module 5gl-pamif has started to spread and is expected to deliver small quantities in 2022. With the perfect layout of the two core devices, pa and filter, the company is expected to eat more of the RF market. The group, low-end to high-end layout, and the build-up of the company’s capacity to transform to fab-lite, we give it to the public.
Technical and technological developments are lagging behind, construction projects are under way and production is progressing or not expected. 1 national production of radio frequency taps and new and old products is progressing in parallel, with continuous optimization of the equator, Jiangsuzu Wei Wei, Inc. was established on 10 August 2012 and is now in deep contact on 18 June 2019.
The company focuses on research, development and marketing in the field of radio frequency integrated circuits, mainly providing the market with radio front end separation devices and a variety of model products (including radio frequency switches, radio frequency, low-noise amplifiers, radio frequency filters, radio frequency amplifiers, etc.), as well as networked chip products (including low-power bluetooth).
Microcontrolr chips, etc... The company's radio front-end splitware and radio frequency module products are mainly used for smart phones (Andrea manufacturer), smart wears, telecommunications bases, auto electrons, drones, bluetooth earphones, network equipment, etc.
The end chip has been widely recognized by clients and has successfully covered the products of end-makers such as Samsung, Mi, Hua, vivo, oppo, association, tcl. The company has a more complete front-end business, some of its products lead the country, and technical barriers.
Deep tilling and accumulation in front-end applications of radio frequency, continuous research and development of new products, growing product lines, corporate product coverage of materials and related processes such as rf cmos, rfsoi, sige, gaas, ipd, voltage crystals. Companies are in the lead domestically in the field of radio frequency switches, low-frequency noise amplifiers and antenna switches.
International first-class firms have the ability to compete; companies take the lead domestically in receiving end-of-end radio frequency (RF) modules, some of which are more advanced than shoulder-to- shoulder international. In addition, companies are one of the world’s leading players in launching and implementing 12 inches of 65 nmrsoi process crystallization, producing high-performance antenna switch chips, and 5g communications-type sub-6ghz high-frequency (HF) and radio frequency group products.
The company's collage-based integrated radio frequency switch, based on the rfcmos process, enabled the production of low-frequency radio noise amplifiers, shortened the supply cycle and improved the readiness of the supplies; the ultra-low-noise 4glte low-noise broadcast, based on the cos technology, was awarded an award by the China Semiconductor Industry Association for “The eleventh Chinese semiconductor innovation product and technology in 2016”
The company is now moving to the fab-lite model, using the Fables business model. The Fables model is a common production model for domestic radio frequency companies. Under the Fables model, the design, crystal circle manufacture, sealing are performed by specialized firms, concentrating the company's resources on the integrated circuit development and marketing, and the crystal-crystal manufacturing and sealing testing process.
Outsourcing to the appropriate sub-plants has reduced corporate spending on production plants and equipment, and better pooling of financial resources on chip design and R & D. At present, the transformation of fab-lite has gradually become a choice for many domestic radio-frequency manufacturers.
At the same time, since radio frequency design needs to be combined with upstream crystal-crystal manufacturing and sealing processes, and the surrogate process is often not sufficiently mature and compatible, and since domestic radio frequency manufacturers have very competitive prices and limited pricing space, self-built production lines can help the Fabless millers to better integrate design and process while reducing costs.
Self-built filter production lines have also been initiated, with the expectation that vertical integration of RF filter products will be achieved in the next reporting period, with a successful shift to the Fab-lite business model.
The company’s high-end filtering project and the chip semiconductor industrialization project are moving in an orderly fashion. In September 2021, the company adopted a bill on the distribution of the project’s progress to specific targets, optimizing the construction of the “high-end radio-frequency filter chip and module R & D and industrialization project”, “R & D of the 5g telecommunications base station radio frequency device and industrialization project” as an autonomous project.
Accelerating the implementation of the fund-raising project. Most of the high-end filter equipment for the current fund-raising project has been ordered and will be placed in a home building for construction and commissioning once the equipment has been phased in. As of 2022q1, the company's core semiconductor industrialization project is in the processline phase and has been completed by fast-tracking replacements.
The flow of the first filter crystal and the testing and reliability of the performance indicators are about to enter the small scale of production, and the company’s management is stable for the long term. It is for the company’s long-term stability to operate. Mr. Xu Zhihan, the director, the deputy general manager, and the board secretary, Mr. Fengchenhui, are the real managers of the company.
Mr. Tangzhuang (Tang Liang), director and deputy director-general, was also a co-actor. As of 2022q1, three of the three had been accompanying the company since its inception, and the management of the company had been strong for a long time, with a more centralized equity structure. And, with the experience of three chip designers, it was also good to make decisions that were consistent with the company’s long-term interests.
Technological capabilities and rich experience in product development have had a positive impact on firm stability and healthy development. Company affiliates include the integrated circuit industry of Hong Kong, Shanghai, China and the United States, together with the parent company, and figure 3: Corporate equity structure
For the second year in a row, the company has introduced equity incentives for middle-level managers, technical cadres, and business cadres, which are conducive to keeping talented people in order to promote the company’s long-term sustainability.
The company’s main business consists mainly of radio frequency separation devices and radio frequency module products, which include radio frequency switches, radio frequency low noise amplifiers, etc., and module products, which include receiving end model products (lfem, linabank, difem) and wifi connection module products (wififem).
From 2020 onwards, the company's receiving end-of-end radio frequency module products were produced in real quantities and delivered. In 2021, the company promoted the market for radio frequency module products on the basis of continuous solidification of radio frequency separation devices.
The process of conversion, the receipt of the end-module products, ifem, linabank, difem, etc., has been produced in a large number of well-known manufacturers, and the newly launched version of the 5g communication type ldifem product (integrated radio frequency low noise amplifiers, radio frequency switches and filters) has already been able to produce the quantity of output by sub-clients and further optimize the structure of the company ' s products.
From the Māori structure, the company’s overall Māori rate was 57.7% in 2021, an increase of 5.1 pp in the same year. In the main business, the gross profit on radio frequency separation devices was $1.86 billion, Māori 69.6%, Māori 55.5%, an increase of 4.6 pp.
The gross profit of the radio frequency module was $770 million, Māori 28.9 per cent, Māori 64.5 per cent, a decline of 2.7 pp from the same year. The company ' s radio frequency separation device was dominated by the higher Māori-based lona and switch products, and Māori-low old products were being sold less and replaced by new products, resulting in an increase in the Māori rate for radio frequency separation units.
Looking back at the company’s business performance in previous years: between 2017 and 2021, the company’s operating income rose from $590 million to $4.63 billion, with a compound annual growth rate of approximately 67.3%; the company’s net profit from the parent from $170 million.
This increased to $2.13 billion, with an annual compound growth rate of about 88.2% over the period, and the company experienced a rapid increase in the net profits from both the harvest and the return, except in 2018. The fall in profits in 2018 was mainly due to the firm ' s tight control over the import of new goods from suppliers from large Korean customers, resulting in the company ' s overall sales to large Korean customers in 2018.
A decline in the trend. In 2021, as a result of the sustained growth in the volume of output of new products, which has been facilitated by the continuous optimization of own products, companies achieved revenues of $4.63 billion, an increase of 66.0 per cent, a net return profit of $2.13 billion, an increase of 99.0 per cent, and a net return profit of companies at a faster rate than the rate of increase. 2022q1, companies achieved revenues of $1.33 billion, an increase of 12.4 per cent;
The net return profit of $460 million, a decline of 6.7 per cent over the same period, has been achieved, and the company’s profitability has been largely stable and its cost rate has been better controlled. This rise is largely due to the rapid growth in demand at the front end of the radio frequency, with the development of 5g communications technology, and the company’s output.
The product is continuously permeating on the client side, the company ' s product has crossed the radio frequency module from a separate device, and the demand for the receiving end radio frequency module product for the 5g new band has continued to rise. 2022q1, the company ' s Māori/net interest rate has increased by 0.9 pp, respectively. It is worth noting that since 2017, the company ' s R&D costs have been rising year by year, but R&D rates are still present.
The downward trend is due mainly to higher sales of products than the growth rate of corporate R & D. Corporate marketing/management/R & D costs as a whole show a downward trend, with better cost-side controls.
1) Operating cash flows: In 2017-2021, the net operating cash flow of companies rose significantly, with a net operating cash flow of $1.01 billion in 2020, about 17 times greater than the first one. In 2021, the net operating cash flow of companies rose further to 14.4 per cent, with 2022q1 passing through the company.
In that year, the company ' s net profit increase was greater than the net operating cash flow increase. 2022q1, the firm ' s net present ratio: scenario 1: future filters and pa follow radio frequency arrays.
The market advantage of radio-frequency separation device products, such as lna, is also assumed to be slightly lower because of lower rates of switchage, the decline in sales of the old product of lna, and increased competition in the domestic industry. Assumptions of radio-frequency fractions: In the case of radio-frequency modules, companies continue to focus on the adaptation and performance of receiving module products, and continue to improve.
Launch-end module products, which are expected to achieve in the future a significant increase in the volume of the collection and the market share from low-end filters to high-end filters, low-end pa to high-end pa, receiving end to full end layout of the launcher. Moreover, as a result of the company layout launch end module, the gross interest rate of the lower pap ratio is expected to rise, and the time of product roll-out will lead to a certain reduction in product prices.
It is assumed that the Māori rate of the company module will be somewhat reduced. Assuming that the radio frequency module product will grow by the same amount in 2022-2024, we have selected four major comparable companies in the industry, namely, Weir shares, ATM cores, AE electronics, and a projected average of 24 times the average pe.
In this context, the company is expected to improve the layout of the split to the module, low-end to high-end, and to improve the post-transition capacity of Fab-lite, table 2: Comparable company valuation 1) risk of increased competition in the market,
3) Risk of deterioration of the domestic supply chain due to the epidemic, 4) Risk of delay in the development of technological processes, 5) Risk of completion of ongoing construction projects and pace of delivery or less than expected.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.