Performance slightly lower than expected, engineering and machinery recovery + agro-mechanical sanitation position, March 31, 2017
The year 2016 saw a 3.5 per cent drop in revenues, but there was a marked improvement in cash flows.
Because the company is actively and securely managing stock risks and controlling additional risks in the engineering and machinery section, sales are tightened. The company’s agricultural machinery, environmental industry revenues are growing faster, almost evenly, at $30.1 billion a year. We believe that with the engineering and machinery industry in 2017,
Engineering machinery continues to warm, concrete and cranes are expected to stabilize in 2017, and data on forward sales indicators for engineering machinery currently represented by excavators continue to be over-expected.
Real demand recovery is continuing to spread from excavators to loaders, forklifts, cranes, concrete machines, etc. In January 2017, the number of car cranes sold was 781, an increase of 50.2% compared to the previous year, and the rate of growth in the single month was nearly six years higher, with the second largest concentration of the Chinese industry.
For the benefit of the ppp model and the strategy along the way, sales of heavy machines are expected to increase by 20-30% from the same date from 2017. Concrete machinery is expected to have greater upward elasticity because of the relevance and retention of real estate investments.
Environmental machinery ppp model is good, and it is expected to be replicated rapidly in other regions as government investment in environmental protection increases, leading to rapid growth in the entire environmental industry.
The company will facilitate the transformation of the “equipment + operations management” model. The company will use the ppp model to promote the management of the environment in the counties of Hunan Province by signing agreements with some 40 Turks (Terex) in the third country in the world if the acquisition succeeds.
We believe the model is expected to be replicated quickly in other regions in the future.
The creation of smart agricultural machinery and high growth (terex) in agricultural business, if successfully acquired, will result in a global cut of $5 billion in central agricultural machine acquisition subsidies in 2017, with expected new support from national policies
Major Engineering and Mechanical Corporations, agricultural machinery, will grow faster. After entering the main Chirre Heavy Industries Industry, the company has been rated as having performed less than expected.
In the United States and Europe, the Institute of Agromechanical Research was set up. In 2017, six new pieces of 4.0 agricultural machinery were released, focusing on “modularized platforms + weak recovery of engineering machinery, agricultural machinery + environmental protection + financial transformation products”.
At a historically low pb level, the “increase” rating has been maintained.