Seven securities, newtimesseturities, heavy weight cut into the dram track, and the domestic memory is stunned.
Strongly recommended (first rating) for domestic memory taps, first coverage, “very recommended” rating: mega-innovation as domestic memory taps with a variety of flash products that are constantly rich and well structured
Quick growth in mcu, heavy pounds into the dram track, opening up a new space for growth. The company is expected to double. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “strongly recommended” rating. The medium- and high-capacity noor ratio continues to rise, and slcnand becomes a new engine of growth:
In 2017, the global market for corporate noorflash products reached 7.3%, and the global market for high-capacity noor flash is now occupied by overseas producers, with low- and medium-capacity-middle-middle-middle-mix innovation and wang-hung, and Chinese electricity. The company’s future focus is on increasing the share of high- and medium-capacity products driven by expansion of production capacity.
The demand for lower-middle- and upper-volume nonor downstream amoled, tddi, and auto-electronics continues to flourish, and the amount of product released will significantly improve the company’s performance. The firm’s slcnand has stabilized its output, using its original channels to deliver current fast-discharges, and is made up of a new engine for the company’s future growth with a medium- and high-capacity noor.
The company is a high-end 32-digit mcu tap with both high-performance and low-cost advantages, and is connected to two main directions of the wireless transmission of precision layouts. Currently, the production of mcu is in short supply.
In the future, the volume of mcu exports is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, driven by the Internet. Corporate mergers and acquisitions are modest, creating “mcu-storage-interactive” integrated solutions. Companies will complement each other positively in terms of supply chains, customers, and distribution channels.
• Heavy pounds into the mainstream dram track, opening up new opportunities for growth: annual global dram production has reached $72 billion, projected to break $100 billion in 2019, driven by server dram and cell phone dram.
Photo Monopoly, cr3, over 95%. Without dram capacity in the country, the most promising breakthroughs were achieved, with the expected ahead of July, with future import substitution, opening up new opportunities for growth. 1. Medium- and high-capacity noor ratio continued to rise, and slcnand became a new engine of growth.
Storage (memory) is a memory device used to store information in modern information technology and is currently a mainstream memory in the market for dram and nadflash, while nonflash, sram, slcnand, etc. are the key storage units. Dram is the most common system that is stored, with the advantages of small size, high integration and low power consumption;
Flash has the ability to erase e-programmables, power outages without loss of data, and fast-reading data.
Nandflash also contributes to production performance. The greatest feature of the nonorflash is the direct operation of the loading code (xip) compared to the large volume, which has the advantage of long life and speed of reading, but the disadvantage is the high cost per unit capacity and the slow rate of writing, therefore.
The netflash line ratio is increasing. Noorflash is divided into rows and parallels, and because the interfaces are simple, lighter and less expensive, the power and the overall cost of the system are lower, although the speed of reading is less than the same.
However, it has become the preferred option for major system programmers. According to the Industrial Information Network, between 2008 and 2015, the market size of global and domestic noor has been reversed and the size of parallel noor markets has declined significantly, with noor global and Chinese shares falling sharply between 2008 and 2015.
75.8% and 73.2% (data for 2012). The slc and mlc, tlcnandflash applications have been separated. Nandflash can be divided into slc (single layer), mlc (double layer), tlc (third layer) and qlc (four layers).
In terms of cost, mlc, tlc is now a mainstream mass flash particle, while slc, owing to its high performance and high cost double-highness, is mainly used in niche markets to partially replace higher costs under equivalent capacity, such as high-capacity function memory (1gb), surveillance, engineering, auto electronics, and object networking.
In the area of consumption, low-end smart machines and high-end functions usually require a flash memory of 1 gb, generally replacing high-cost noorflash with slcnandflash; in the area of auto electronics, part of the plant uses noorflash below 256 mb.
512mb and above use slcnand, and the two can be successfully converted; for both, in the area of communications, the market size of the netflash is currently about $2.3 billion, and the market size of the slcnand is about $1 billion. Because of the advent of the smart machine, large-capacity memory nandflash has taken over the city faster, faster and cheaper.
On the field, the size of the nonflash market for functional machines has rapidly shrunk, falling from $5.5 billion in 2008 to $2 billion in 2016, benefiting downstream demand pulls, according to ihs, and is now rising to around $2.3 billion, and slchanand is slightly smaller than the noor market, about $1 billion.
The traditional applications of noor and slcnand are based on functional handheld memory, with global smartphone penetration now reaching the platform stage after a wave of intelligent replacements.
In Africa, Japan, etc., where the volume of functional mobile phones has slowed down, and where income and population ageing have been limited, the rate of growth has been reduced to 5.71% in the previous few years, far less than in the previous few years. In 2017, the annual output of functional machines increased by 5% on a year-on-year basis, exceeding the 2% increase in smart machines.
At the bottom, there is a low likelihood of a significant contraction in the future, and the negative impact on the demand for nor and slcnand has been eliminated. 1.1.2, amoled and tddi penetration have been raised to the core of nor demand driving force, and noorflash is now required for technical and cost reasons.
In the compensation method, since the construction of eflash/emtp integration de-mura codes in drive ic will result in an excessive cost of new and additional photo masks, it is generally used.
Hang a nonflash to run the de-mura code. Specifically, one 8mmnoflash is needed in Fullhd, and one 16mmmnorflash in qhd.
The increase in the penetration rate of the smart machine amoled has led to a 24% compound increase in demand at the middle end of noorflash. idc projects that global smartphone output will continue to increase from 2017 to 2020, while amoled’s penetration in the smart machine is rising due to lower costs and access to the iphone supply chain.
By 2020, amoled penetration would have reached 49.4 per cent, with 1.5 billion smart machines in 2018 and 35.3 per cent penetration, and the demand for norflash would have reached 530 million and 780 million by 2020, an increase of 90.7 per cent compared with 2017 and 24 per cent for cagr.
Full screen currents and lower costs lead to an increase in tddi penetration. tddi is a touch control and monitor drive that integrates the previously separated mobile phone contact control and displayic into a single chip, reduces electrical interference and complex stacks.
The advantages of higher integration are the ideal solution for the screen module of the full-screen age of mobile phones. Because of the high prices of tddi, the penetration rate is low, and the cost of the tddi chip is falling as technology continues to optimize; the high-end model of the country’s first-line cellular plant is now fully used, and it is expected to be tddi in 2018.
The chip penetration rate will rise to 22%. Global tddi exports were 160 million in 2017, an increase of 113% over the same period; as the penetration rate rises, it is expected to reach 576 million by 2020, with tddi integrated contact control and a map showing the structure of the chip.
tddi's high-speed growth in future tddi shipments will also need to be coded and stored with norflash to drive nor demand. Because of the size of the tddi contact control, it is not possible to integrate it into the tddi chip, it will be necessary to have a 4-16m.
Noorflash is stored and supported by tddi's parameter adjustment. Based on 1.5 billion smart machine shipments in 2018, with a tddi penetration rate of 22%, the demand for norflash will reach 330 million, an increase of 560% over 2016, with future increases expected to be consistent with tddi growth and cagr at around 30%.
Amoled and tddi use noor's demand to grow fast. By calculating the volume of future amoled and tddi chips, the demand for norflash for the next three years can be roughly obtained. By 2020, it is expected that the number of norflash chips for amoled and tddi chips will reach 785 million, respectively.
With 571 million, the compound rate of growth will remain at 20% and more than 30%, respectively, for the next three years. 1.1.3, Automobile Electronics, which are rapidly growing, and the associated storage requirements are high, with high capacity noorflash being widely used in autoelectronics.
Car-borne electronic control devices. As cars are electrodynamically and intelligently advanced, the corresponding assistive driving systems aas, battery management systems bms, etc. are widely applied, the ratio of electronic zero components in cars is increasing, and the functions of vehicle navigation, landscape images, traffic deviation alerts, etc. generally require 512 mnorflash or slcnand
Flash storage. There are three main reasons why noor/slcnand is not replaced by a large volume of nand in the electronic field of automobiles: first, because of the small amount of electronic data stored in cars, the base storage has a cost advantage; second, because noor/slcnand is more reliable; and furthermore, noor has a stable supply capacity and auto equipment.
Producers usually require continuous product support for more than 15 years. Therefore, future storage options for auto electronics will continue to be concentrated in high-capacity noorflash and slcnandflash.
The annual global market for automobile electronics is $116 billion, and is expected to reach $16.2 billion in 2022, $16.2 billion in 2022, and $21.447 billion in 2022, with a compound increase of 20.27 per cent. The rapid growth in automobile electronics will also drive the need for vehicle storage devices, and the need to overturn their packages, such as CarLogs, is expected to drive it.
In the long run, the areas of industrial control, 5g, and physical networking also have a growth dynamic. According to cypress, the current industrial control area, noor cagr, is 4%, and the 5g area is 10%. In addition, the age of material networking, such as the sharing of bicycles, is an explosive.
And it's also driving noor out fast. The US is out of business, and continental firms are on the verge of rising up.
Currently, 90% of the world ' s noorflash markets are among the top five firms in Light, Wang-Hung, Wah, cypress, Xi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci. The difference between domestic-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci is-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-C
In 2010, Samsung withdrew from the area of low-capacity nor, focusing on dram and nadflash; in 2016, the U.S. Light shut down Singapore's 8 inch nor line, corresponding to production.
In 2017, cypress sold 15,000 mills per month in Minnesota, and announced its exit from the low- and medium-capacity market. Large overseas plants faded out of low- and medium-capacity naorflash, focusing on high Maori cars and industrial controls.
The city of cypress has now fallen from its first in 2016 to its third in 2017, and the city of Migwang has fallen one to the fourth, and foreign manufacturers are expected to shut down the noor line in the future.
Wanghang is now fully productive, moving 110 nm to 75 nm in 2017 on a total capacity of 45,000 m/m, increasing the ratio of 75 nm to 1/3; and expanding the 12-inch high-end capacity of 400 m/m to a total capacity of 20,400 m/m/m. For mainland producers, domestic innovation is easily fungible.
Substitute plants, with a capacity of about 0.7 million units per month. In 2017, Mt.O.I.C. signed a strategic agreement with China Point International to provide 10,000 units/month capacity to alleviate the problem of the lack of capacity of the new core crystal.
The high funding threshold; and secondly, the current noorflash downstream applications tend to be high-end, with high-quality nornflash having a certain technical threshold; while at the same time opening up new customers, it takes longer to convert clients and thus has a higher client threshold.
Multiple thresholds are bound to determine the survival of future noorflash new entrants, and future expansion capacity will remain in the hands of the former large plants. Taken together, noorflash’s future expansion is limited, mainly in the form of oscillating innovation and Chinese electricity; while the ostensible innovations of the table-idm model, the fables model, have greater capacity elasticity and are seen as rising market power.
In the field of nand, overseas firms have withdrawn from slcnand, focusing on a larger market capacity of 3dnand. Because high costs limit slcnand applications in large-volume areas, the slcnand market is much smaller than mlc, tlcnand, and so the foreign leader has shifted production capacity to large capacity nad, giving up small capacity slc
Nand areas, such as 3dtlnand by Samsung and Hercules, where 2d slcnand was withdrawn voluntarily by Toshigi magnesium light, have led to a tightening of supply and demand as only Taiwan and mainland producers remain in the current main supplier of slcnand.
By 2016, there was a 77% decline in the average noor price due to shrinking demand. Since 2017, noor has benefited from improved penetration of mobile phone amoled and tddi markets, with rapid developments in areas such as automobile electronics, industrial controls; supply for major end-of-pipe plants, limited expansion, and continued expansion of supply and demand gaps, with noor prices rising significantly.
The supply is still tight, cypress has been ordered to raise prices because of its capacity, and the delivery period for the magnanimous and other manufacturers has been prolonged, even using the distribution model. It is expected that the medium-to-medium-capacity naor will remain high, that the low-capacity naor will be affected by the low-priced noor of the easily innovative Cost-Down series and the new Wuhan chip, and that prices will probably fall.
Figure 17: In 2017, there has been a steady increase in the price of vortex nonflash, with aspperunit oscillations benefiting from innovation, and low-volume-for-volume performance will continue to rise.
The increase in motor electronics and industrial control demand has led to higher prices of high-capacity noor, with limited additional capacity, with high-capacity taps benefiting directly from cypress; the medium-capacity noor used by amoled, due to high demand and supply contractions, has widened the gap, benefiting producers such as magna, Wabong, and mega-innovators, but affected by supply patterns.
The greatest gains were in magnanimity and Chinese electricity; low-capacity noor, although relaxed by price increases due to supply, was easily innovable Overextension and the capture of low-priced products into the market, which would continue to increase in value-for-money performance.
With the withdrawal of large overseas firms from the low- and medium-capacity sector, the current base-based storage units (nor/slcnand) are mainly mainland and Taiwan players, who, because of their early start-up, occupy a market share in the middle-capacity noor field.
Wangen Electronics (2337.tw): Established in 1989 to lead an innovative non-volatile memory solution, providing a wide range of read-only logs, noor flashes and nad flashes across a wide range of specifications and capacities for applications in related areas such as consumption, communications, computers, car electronics, etc.
The two largest producers faded from the noorflash area, and the former market share was replaced by a 30 per cent increase in the city ' s share in 2017, and the profit-storage cycle, the boom and the net return profit, which has been growing since 2016, was 7.513 billion yuan in 2017, a net profit of 1,237 million yuan, a rise of 41.75 per cent and 1749.43 per cent, respectively, respectively.
In the first half of 2018, the company achieved revenue and net profits of $3.97/891 billion, an increase of 36.20/341.74 per cent. At the same time, the net profit price increased by 36.20 per cent and the public and net interest rates continued to rise, reaching 43.73 per cent in the first half of 2018.
The ratio of Mäori and net interest rates to Mäori rose steadily, and according to the product, the proportion of Mäori applications in industrial control and car electronics increased. Both applications were under 10 per cent for most of the quarter of 2017, while they were stable in the first two quarters of 2018.
In comparison with previous years, companies increased their stocks significantly in the first half of 2018, mainly because, in the first half of the first half of the year, the prices of companies’ nonflash and slcnand products remained stable and had not fallen owing to the overall industrial climate, so that he was willing to increase his stock, on the one hand, by adopting the distribution model and, on the other hand, by actively increasing his stock.
Chinese Electronics (2344.tw): founded in September 1987 and listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange in 1995.
Research and development, crystal-crystal manufacturing, to own branding, provides a global client-wide medium- and low-density base-based RAM service. The benefits of Light and cypress are out of low- and medium-capacity noor, and the share of Chinese e-markets has risen, reaching 22% in 2017, second only to the second highest.
The company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate continued to rise, with the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate reaching 38.33 per cent in the first half of 2018.
The ratio is similar, with consumption storage falling in the first half of 2018 compared to 2017, and communications-type products rising; and the Chinese electricity inventory turnover days declining as compared to the down-run cycles of previous years, but moving into 2018, where companies have taken the initiative to increase their stocks because of greater certainty about the future of the nonflash.
The country's leaders are thick and thin, the high-capacity dawn of the march is 1.3.1, the solid low-capacity noor, the expansion of production to raise market share, the firm's absolute leader in low-capacity noor, and the penetration rate is still rising. The world's high-capacity noorflash
It's supplied mainly by light, cypress, and it's used mainly in automobiles and industrial controls, and Taiwan, Wang Hong, although it involves a high capacity, is still dominated by a medium capacity. Micro-innovation is the only company with a voice in the mainstream storage design industry in the country that relies on low-capacity products to cut into the netflash, which is currently used mainly in pc.
The areas of mainboards, roof boxes, routers, etc., are already the leading global leaders in these areas, with the largest number of countries with noorflash shipments using the Cost-Down series to take over the market in 2017, with a further increase in the market share.
In the long run, a low-capacity route alone would impede the growth of firms’ competitiveness, and companies would focus on breaking through the medium-to-high-capacity noor. The oasis innovation, while relying on low-capacity noor entry into the market and achieving sustained good performance, in the long run, simply low-capacity routes would hinder enterprise development.
At medium-to-high capacity, as can be seen from a comparison of the noor sales ratio of monetized innovation, magnanimity and cypress; and, second, from the newcomer competition, low-volume product customers are often price-sensitive and thus vulnerable to competition by newcomers, which can push firms into low-price competition and thus affect their profitability; and, third, from technology substitution, low-capacity products and technologies.
The technology is easily replaced by newer technologies. So, the M.O.I. is starting from the process, capacity, production, etc., up. Technically, there is still a gap between the M.I.Noor process and capacity, but with sustained investment, medium- and high-capacity technology is breaking.
The mainstream process is 55 nm, which is moving towards 45~40 nm; the MIG is currently producing 65 nm, the 55 nm technology year is 32/64 mb, which was raised to 64/128mb in 2018, and has grown rapidly and has achieved the mass sale of 512 mb of products.
Increased R & D investment at a time of upswing, with R & D spending increasing by 97.08% from the same period in 2017, relying on constant research and development inputs, promising innovation to achieve medium- and high-capacitynoorflash technological breakthroughs.
In terms of production capacity, strengthening international cooperation with the center core to secure the supply of production capacity. This is the Fables model, which relies mainly on sub-plants, and the company is now working with the center core, the power microelectronics and the Wuhan new core, of which the top six become the center core international surrogate. In September 2017, the company announced a strategic cooperation agreement with the center core.
Noor and slcnand work mainly as replacements for the China-Crystal-Crystal factory in Beijing, China-Crystal International, while Monet-Innovated companies are involved in the acquisition of shares for distribution by the Central-Cyce-Cycle International; on the other hand, the China-Cyceo-Cho Navy works closely with the company on the Noor product.
The company’s ability to produce domestically in the future is reliable. From downstream, the company has already entered the Samsung supply chain, applications in the fields of amoled and tddi, car electronics have not reached mainstream customers, but breakthroughs have been made, and high capacity in the advance has dawned.
Through technological advances, easy innovation has reached 64mb, up to 256/512m, 32mnorflash into the Samsung mobile phone supply chain, and breakthroughs in the fields of amoled and tddi, which have yet to be delivered in large quantities.
Noor has been successfully used to auto-pilot chips on the horizon, but the reliability requirements of the mainstream car factory for cars are extremely high, so it takes time to enter a large-line factory, although technically required. Combined with the above-mentioned Noorflash operation, which looks easily innovative: in the long run, participation in the center core seeks international capacity.
Guarantee a significant increase in R & D investment to ensure technological progress, promising a doubling of corporate nonflash performance when products are subject to downstream validation, compounding low-cost and domestic policy enabling advantages on the continent, and allowing for a significant increase in R & D investment to ensure technological progress.
1.3.3. Slcnand comes into production and is expected to open up a new space for growth.
Applications in high-reliability areas such as automobiles electronics have helped to open up the market to noorflash; production is on track at 38nm in the third quarter of 2017, and the rate of good products at 24nm is currently on the rise; in terms of capacity, the current initial capacity is 2,000 units per month, with production at the Beijing plant starting in 2018 and is expected to be 3,000 units per month.
The slcnand overlaps with noor clients to produce more, and is expected to be a new growth point for the company. The slcnand downstream customers overlap with the norflash, making it easier for the company to enter the supply chain of its original client base.
There is still a gap between the technology and the market penetration of more powerful players (2019h1 start-up production 19nm platform), but as production capacity is expected to open up a whole new market space, slcnand will become the company camp 2, the mcu tap network, and think about the microbot interface.
mcu (microcontrol unit), also known as the single chip machine, is an appropriate reduction in the frequency and specification of cpu and the integration of the RAM, counter, usb, a/d conversion, uart, plc, dma, etc. interfaces on a single chip, forming a chip-grade computer and controlling different combinations for different applications.
It is characterized by a wide range of applications with low computing capacity, such as mobile phones, pc peripherals, remote control devices, electronics, auto electronics, industrial machine arm control, etc. 2.1, automobiles, industrial controls, material networking requirements, mcu trees, etc.
Emerging demand flows, the mcu industry rebounds. Since 2012, global mcu prices have been on a downward path owing to falling costs and price wars among suppliers, although demand has grown steadily at the end of the spectrum.
The contraction of production lines reduces inputs. Since 2017, demand has grown significantly as a result of the outbreak of the networked equipment, while up-and-up prices of raw materials have increased, adding up low stock levels, system manufacturers have started to actively prepare and the volume of mcu exports has increased by 22 per cent, resulting in an increase in the price of mcu.
Mcu will continue to grow steadily in the future, 32 of which will be mainstreamed. According to the projections of icinsights, Mcu will continue at a record high of US$ billion in 2018; industry complexes will grow at a rate of 7.2 per cent over the next five years and will be close to US$ 24 billion by 2022.
The demand for capacity is increasing, while 32-bit mcu can be applied to complex calculations in products such as auto safety systems and industrial control systems; it can also have bottom-down compatibility features and ease the development environment; and it has been accompanied by declining price performance, which is extremely high value for money and is now a mainstream market option.
Global mcu markets are changing in size, global mcu exports are growing steadily, benefiting from large domestic markets, and the domestic mcu market is growing faster than the global market.
The size of the national market is $32.2 billion, an increase of 6.7 per cent over the same period, with a global share of about 27 per cent; by 2020, the market is expected to be over $40 billion, with a composite growth rate of 6.5 per cent. From the bottom of the mcu, the country should still be dominated by consumer electronics, while the global application of the mcu is dominated by motor electronics and industrial controls, so my country
Automobile electronics and industrial controls have a large mcu growth space; according to ihs, the future global grid mcu complex will increase by more than 10 per cent and, given the country ' s current leadership of the network, it is expected that the 32-bit high-end mcu in the country will grow faster than the global demand, driven by network equipment.
The world's mcu downstream is dominated by car electronics, and the delivery period has been extended, with new capacity expected to be released as early as 2019. At the supply end, due to low stock levels and high demand, the mcu is running out of goods, and the lead companies have extended the delivery period and the major manufacturers are expected to deliver the mcu.
Most have also been extended to 12 weeks, up to a maximum of 9 months. In terms of additional capacity, some mcu in 2018 is expected to fall slowly in the future due to the increase in the price of missing goods.
It is expected that the price of mcu will continue to fall in the future as costs fall and domestic manufacturers continue to wage price wars to capture market shares, but the slowdown is expected to slow. 2.2. High concentration in the mcu sector is likely to be a high- and middle-level domestic leader.
Mergers and acquisitions have increased their concentration, with a small gap among the eight largest producers. The global market for mcu has been dominated by foreign manufacturers, with the top 32 and above middle- and high-end mcu areas dominated by foreign producers, especially in the areas of motor power, industrial control, etc.; domestic producers are concentrated in eight mcus for electricity consumption.
In low-end areas such as sub, smart instrumentation, where the market space is higher, some of the leading domestic firms are now leading. Beginning in 2015, big mcu giants have taken up market shares, growing material networks, and large-scale mergers and acquisitions have taken place within the industry.
The market share of mcu suppliers reached 19%; Microchip acquired atmel as the world’s third-largest mccu manufacturer, with a market share rising to 14%; and cypress acquired the market share of the nonflash and mcu, with a market share of 4%.
The market share of producers is 88%, of which Chinese firms are not yet in existence. Although the market of the top eight producers is high, the market for mcu is fragmented, there is no absolute monopoly oligopoly, and there is a smaller gap between the leaders.
Domestic manufacturers are small, and medium- and high-end mcu is the largest innovation. There is a wide gap between the size of domestic mcu companies and global flagships, with mediocre electronics and magnostic innovations being the leading domestic Mcu firms, which generate $311 million in business income, about 60% of medium-sized e-mcu business, and associated revenues.
About 400 million yuan. In terms of future development, China has the world’s largest electronics market, and its own home-grown mcu producers have greater competitive advantages in terms of costs, services, response speed, etc. With the rise of areas such as domestic material networking, domestic mcu producers are expected to rely on large Chinese markets for rapid growth.
2.3. Technology + Positioning Achievement mcu taps, M&As of MicroBase Implication 2.3.1, Precision Layout + Powerful Product Power to fully benefit from the dividends of networking equipment Non-storage operations that are largely based on the armcorptext-m series as a core of 32-bit mcu products,
Currently, it accounts for about 15% of the revenue. The opportunity for Mcu to transfer private inner nuclear power to the public core of the arm is now available in the mcu sector, with the launch in 2013 of the first part of the country’s 32 generic mcu based on the arm architecture, which is now the country’s largest 32 mcu suppliers.
High value for money + location of mainstream Mcu leaders in the country. In product positioning, companies avoid high-performance and highly competitive low-end mcu fields that are leading abroad, accurately locate high-value value versus industrial and consumer-type mcu in combination with their own memory business advantages, and easily innovate that mcu can be designed to work with large overseas plants.
The year-on-year innovative mcu operation received $311 million, an increase of 58 per cent over the same year; the volume of shipments was 74 million, an increase of 61 per cent over the same year, with a composite growth rate of 283 per cent in 2013-2017, with products downstream permeating in a number of areas such as industrial control, consumer electronics, car perimeters and smart homes.
The high rate of growth in the Mcu business is a sign of a steady increase in the Mcu Māori rate, a sign of a competitive mix of high performance/low power consumption and low cost.
Company mcu has the two main advantages of being competitive and high-performance and ultra-low-power. The company relies on strong R & D power, leading the way in which the product is competitive; in the process, the company is now using the 55nm system, and it will advance to 40nm. In cost terms, the company ' s product has the advantage of working with noor ' s low production costs.
The M3 is the case, with a minimum price of 30 cents, the lowest price on the market, and the ability to reach the m4 core. Low-power + high-performance continuous layout networking, which is expected to continue.
Different devices have different needs for different mcus, requiring a trade-off between power, performance, and cost. The need for mcu to network includes combined sense capabilities to collect external signals, wireless transmissions, high computing capabilities. For the needs of the network, the company focuses on technologies such as ultra-low power consumption, high performance computing, wireless transmission, etc.
The introduction of new high-performance products, represented by the Armcorptex-m4 series, on the basis of the consumption and low-cost m3 series, has been successful in new hot areas, such as fingerprint recognition, wireless charging, and the continued layout of the network of things is expected to contribute easily to the release of innovative mcu products.
The demand for the network has erupted, and the company's mcu is expected to grow. As a result of these years of applications related to the network, there has been a significant increase in demand for the mcu, such as the unmanageable production of the mini-utility mcu for shared bicycles, but its global production capacity is strained; and the diversion of explosives, such as the twister, the car recorder, and so on, is a direct push for the company to release the mcu.
In the future, new company products will be imported in areas such as ultra-low power consumption, wireless transmission (wire charged), which will benefit directly from the Internet dividend, and the future volume of mcu will be expected to continue to grow at a high rate. Automobile electronics will be another pusher for innovation in mcu.
In particular, in the current trend of motor motorization and intellectualization of cars, the circuit unit includes an upgrade of the overall processing efficiency that achieves success in the development of a core intellectual control collar, such as car ecu, body electronic control, and security performance control, which is another pusher for future or future production of mcu.
In January 2018, the company announced that it would raise $1.7 billion in cash and shares to purchase Shanghai Dollars.
The active ultrasound c-mems process and power transfer sensor development, and the development of an interactive research centre for intelligent humans are the leading companies in the country for fingerprint recognition.
An interactive set of solutions. In 2016, Siva entered the supply chain at a low price, but, despite a decline in the Māori rate, made a volume exchange and opened up a large customer channel. As the penetration of the full screen continues to increase, fingerprints are identified on the screen as large-scale commercials, and the opportunity to borrow a small pool of money from a supplier to provide exclusive demand and production capacity has been successfully cut into the popo.
r17 Supply chain was uniquely funded, resulting in a 941.7% increase in fingerprint chip collection on the same date, which is currently expected to grow rapidly as the screen fingerprints become more permeable in the high-end flag ship type. In addition, the customized ic process of Slim has been validated and technological advantages have increased; and a war has been established with major suppliers.
In a slightly collaborative manner, long-term supply chain production capacity and cost support are effectively assured; at the technical level of R & D, the target public division has its own small area recognition algorithm to achieve production, the ultrasound beamform algorithm has been developed and ultrasound finger recognition is expected to reach production levels by early 2019.
The existing supply chain, customer and distribution channels of Si Wei will complement this dynamic innovation with an interactive layout. On downstream customers, the current Si Wei fingerprint recognition chip has been used in a multi-flag ship type, and this is expected to be used as a source of supply to open up the growth space.
With the rapid growth of the network, the demand for a human interactive chip will grow and, with a low level of purchasing thinking, the MIG will integrate storage, connection, processor, sensors and the original storage.
In the long run, the four core icons of a sensor, simulator, mcu and memory needed for a future human interactive device have been set up, and the synergies between operations have been instrumental in targeting the next wind, and future performance is to be expected.
Three, heavy pounds into the mainstream dram track, opening up new space for growth is the most common memory in the system. Dram keeps the data for only a very short period of time. The data are kept for shorter periods and at a relatively slower pace than sram, but the price is higher.
The sram is much cheaper and, because of technical differences, the dram is small, highly integrated, low in power, and at a slower pace than sram, but faster than all roms, and is widely used.
Depending on the downstream application, dram is divided into five categories, based on the original dram module. The standard dram used for transmitting general pc and the derivatives for graphic processing are dram; the action dram used for intelligent end, light and low power; and the server used for servers, large network devices.
The action dram and the server dram demand grew faster than the two top drams. In recent years, both the strong growth in smart cellular output and the decline in pc's output, the action dram growth rate and the growth rate
The market share is well above the standard dram, which is now the dominant product of the dram, accounting for over 40 per cent. Moreover, the rapid expansion of demand for big data, cloud services, etc., has contributed to the growth of server dram demand, which is also higher than the standard dram, which is the second largest application, accounting for 27.9 per cent.
Emerging areas drive high demand growth in the future. Based on the growth of demand in Internet data centres (idc), mobile electronics, automobile electronics, and physical networking, the market will continue to grow steadily in the future, with the size of the market projected to break 100 billion dollars in 2019 according to icinsights; and Light projects that the market will need 2017-2021.
The demand for cagr will reach 20%. 3.1.1, the growth of the data centre has erupted, and the global market demand for servers to grow the most dynamically in the dram has recovered. Most of the Internet services need to be integrated via servers.
In particular, major data operations and training, virtual platforms and cloud storage. According to gartner, a strong recovery in server markets in the second half of 2017 resulted in a 16 per cent increase in q3 global server receipts, a 5.1 per cent increase in volume, a 25.7 per cent increase in volume q4 battalions and an 8.8 per cent increase in volume.
Annual global server receipts and deliveries increased by 10.4 per cent and 3.1 per cent, respectively, compared to 2016, while the global service provider market of 2018q1 maintained a strong growth of 33.4 per cent in revenues and 17.3 per cent in terms of volume of goods delivered, and is expected to continue to grow in the future as large and medium-sized enterprises continue to invest in cloud services.
The server dram benefits from the demand for idc. With technological developments in cloud computing, big data, etc., idc has developed rapidly as an important physical vehicle for processing, storing, and backup data, while centralization of cloud computing and falling prices have forced idc to move towards large-scale/super-large-scale development and the deployment of future networks and resources has gradually shifted to a core of idc.
Currently, there are more than 10 web data centres in Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Facebook and the seven largest Chinese captors in China. According to Dramexhange, an average of 1 idc can accommodate about 8,000 to 15,000 server racks, while a rack can carry more than 4 servers of different sizes, which is estimated to consume about 10 mn.
The server dram from gb to 20mngb, the global idc, will contribute significantly to the dram demand. The server single dram load increase will further enhance the dram demand. The server average dram load has reached 145gb, according to dramexchange and is expected to be dram from the standard server by 2021
The average capacity will reach 366 gb, cagr will reach 26%. With the combined number of servers and single dram loads, the server dram is expected to grow by or 28.6% in 2018, while the contract price may be 3.1.2 and the volume of mobile phones will slow down and the memory capacity will be upgraded to drive new demand.
Billions, down 0.08% from the same year, fell for the first time, with 676 million smartphones from 2018h1 worldwide, down 2.4% from the same year, and the amount of smartphones has slowed down considerably. While the amount of smartphones coming out has slowed, the capacity of single drams continues to expand:
The original system is only 100 m memory, and now the 7.0 system requires nearly 2gb memory, a 20-fold increase; 2) In order to deliver timely information and accommodate a richer function, the app extension has led to an increase in the demand for memory capacity. For example, micro-mails, version 6.5.4 requires 7.6 times as much memory as version 2.3, while large hand trips take place.
Launching also furthers the need for cellular memory: 3) cellular resolution and screen size enhancement. Cpu and gpu are using the same physical memory particles in the cell's Soc chip, gpu mainly handles image information, and the current cellular resolution and screen sizes continue to grow.
The annual average load of global smartphones has been raised from 0.5gb in 2010 to 3.2gb. Currently, 6gb has become the mainstream option for the major Ancha flagships, with small Mimix2s, vivonex, etc.
With the launch of version 8gb, the average capacity of mobile phones is expected to be 4.8 gb by 2021. The operational dram benefit capacity has expanded to include a future compound acceleration rate of 5%.
Global smartphone shipments are slowing down 3.2, three oligopoly drams, no breakthroughs in the three-field monopolistic landscape, and Samsung uses the "reverse cycle" to hold his chair. The global dram industry has experienced two.
The next transfer, from the mid-1980s to the inter-Korean transfer, was accompanied by industrial transfers, multiple mergers and reorganizations, a sharp reduction in the number of businesses from 14 in the 1990s to about five, followed by the merger of Chimonda and Rupiah bankruptcy, and the entry of the dram industry into a monopolistic pattern. Three-star electronics depend on the power of the Korean government.
Supported by the use of “recyclical” laws on several occasions during the industry’s low-level period, the sector’s losses were exacerbated and the industry’s business was forced to go bankrupt, and the industry’s head was finally locked in the chair. Currently, the Samsung market has reached 46 per cent, another Korean firm, Ske, has the second highest ranking of 28 per cent, and the United States is third in the United States of America, with 21 per cent.
The total market share of cr3 was more than 95%. mcu projected a deceleration of prices.
China City Park, 2017. According to Dramexhange, in 2018, Tristar intended to expand production capacity on the 2nd floor of the Pingzawa Factory, including 20,000 1 x 1 nanoperm per month on the 2nd floor of the West Wing Building, and 65,000 1-y nammy per month on the 2nd floor of the East Wing Building, the first phase of which has now been completed in the first half of the year.
The production of 35,000 additional units was delayed until December 2018 because of the fact that the microfiche of 1ynams was more difficult than expected and did not effectively reduce unit production costs. 8 inches of crystalline production line and 2 12 inches of production line, with an 8 inch production line in Oregon, United States.
There is a 12-inch production line in China without tin, a production line in Taiwan, and long-term cooperation with Taiwan's Moot, as well as a research and development centre in Europe. Sk Hercules built a m14 new manufacturing centre in 2015, m15 is under construction in Qingzhou, Korea, and currently m16 is planned for construction at the headquarters of the city of Kyoto Dalyche.
About 300-305. According to the announcement, construction has been officially launched in tin-free factory two, with a total investment of $3.6 billion, but it has not yet been determined whether the plant will be used for dram or Nand production lines.
Bokda, Rigsing, integrating the capacity of Huayako, and substantially increasing its capacity to produce close to 90%, and now Miguradram has the capacity to produce approximately 340,000 units per month, mainly in fab11 (Wayakode), fab15 (Albida), fab16 (Swiscing) and fab6, with little room for expansion except for fab16, where there is still 1 to 20,000 pieces of space.
In October 2017, the company announced that it had signed a cooperation agreement on storage research and development projects, under which it had agreed to cooperate in the Economic and Technological Development Area.
The project for the development of 12-inch crystal storage units (including drams, etc.) of process-based 19nm storage systems, with a project budget of approximately 18 billion yuan and a cost of 3.6 billion yuan for companies, was the first phase of the project for the production of 125,000 annual storage units for saturation. The target was successfully developed and achieved by 31 December 2018.
At the same time, companies are obliged to acquire compost products within five years of the achievement of the target. Once research and development succeeds, the compost will become the first large-scale and autonomous dram factory in China.
The dram and nandflash industries have no in-house business outside of the noorflash. But, as Moor's laws slow down, domestic firms are now struggling to catch up and form a stock of the Yangtze to invest in the nandflash market, a focus on the dram's fatty stubs and a commitment to the liki dram's three main players.
Camp. At the moment, the compost has the best hope of achieving a breakthrough in the country’s dram zero. The combustible combustible combustible country, established by an agreement with the combustible product, has invested up to RMB 49.4 billion, and the plant has now been capped in June 2017, and 2017q3 has begun to be tested.
The project was scheduled to launch a sample of 8gbddr4 by the end of 2018, with 8gblpdddr4 officially launched by 2019q3 and 20,000 pieces of monthly production capacity; in July 2018, 8gblpdddr4 was expected to be successfully delivered. In the future, the plan for the construction of the 2nd plant will begin in 2020, and the research and development of 17nm technology will be completed in 2021.
During the period, dram products are more difficult to compete with oligarchy abroad, but in the long run they are expected to be breakthroughs in the domestic dram industry, which will improve the company’s layout in storage.
(a) The company's development and production of chips for the 55/45 nm process is well under way and the product is well into the downstream supply chain;
4.2. Profit forecasting and valuation. Product production performance continues to improve, mcu is growing rapidly, heavy-pounds the dram track and opens up new opportunities for growth. First coverage, with a “strongly recommended” rating.
Corporate R & D and good rate increases are not as fast as expected; there is a risk of significant price volatility for products such as noorflash and mcu; and M & As are not integrated as expected.