Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Enterprise Services (CITE) 603986.sh buy-in (first rating) mcu and storage two-wheel drive iot networking strategy
Corporate Core Competitiveness: R & D + Management + Markets: R & D power is first and foremost in the country: core management has excellent corporate positioning and strategic planning capacity, making good strategic planning at key times in corporate development; and there is much room for development in China, behind the largest networked market in the world.
Benefiting from the development of the network: the market for microcontrolr mcu (microcontrollerunit) reached $18.6 billion in 2018; the volume of shipments will reach $30.6 billion, with a combined growth rate of 11.1 per cent projected for mcu over the next five years and 7.2 per cent for market size.
Mcu has a global market of less than 1%, but it is expected that the market share will increase further as software tools, environment development, and post-sale support are improved. We expect the company mcu to be expected to buy 100% of micro-programs over the next five years, creating synergies: one can bring each other from the product structure.
Complementary, contact control, fingerprint chips can lead companies to co-develop mcu, flash, and expand their use in the downstream market. From a client base, think-it is mostly based on cellular customers, which can fill the company’s gap in mobile customers.
Storage prices have started to fall, both because of the industry ' s own balance of supply and demand, and because of the global economic week (e.g. downstream consumer electronics, automobiles, etc.). We believe that semiconductor storage prices will continue to decline in the fourth quarter of this year, but the downward trend will slow in the first half of next year.
The impact of lower storage prices on Māori can be partially offset by the fact that companies benefit from upstream price reductions at the cost end. Using the relative valuation method, the semiconductor industry is now p=48 times (ttm), taking into account future rules.
In April 2005, the company was founded in Beijing. The products are noorflash, nandflash.
The stock structure: As of mid-2018, the founder of the company, Immin Zhu, was the largest shareholder, with shares accounting for about 85 per cent of annual receipts, while the microcontrolr accounted for about 15 per cent of receipts.
But Mccu still wins at 48% vs. From the business analysis, we summarize the company’s fundamentals into three questions: a. How is the growth of the network?
b. How competitive are their own products?c. Trends in global storage prices? We believe that if these questions are answered clearly, the fundamentals of the company will be clear.
Core competitiveness of firms: R & D + management + market, top R & D power, companies always put R & D first. Semiconductors are globally competitive industries.
The ability of products to compete with one another and their ability to accompany industry development in a timely manner are key. Core competitiveness is research and development. Companies invest in high innovation in R & D: R & D costs (millions of dollars) in 2011-2017
The gold securities semiconductor, in addition to the chip's own performance parameters, is now more likely to consider matching software, tools, and follow-up support when selecting the mcu product. Companies, as local manufacturers, are relatively supportive in terms of follow-up.
Foreign firms have advantages. As the software packages, tools, and development environments evolve, it is expected that the founder of a company will further increase production.
“Ju Yiming, Chairman of the Company, former Senior Engineer, Monolithic Systemtechnologiesinc. (nasdq:mosy) Project Manager, General Manager of the United States of America, and current Chairman of the Corporation's Corporate Recruitment Notes”
The experience from technology (ipolicnetwork engineer) to products (mosy project manager) to management (good general manager) allowed the founders to seize the engine at several critical points in the company's development process.
• Advanced deployment of mcu in 2011: avoids product varieties being too monolithic and reduces industry risk at the end of the 2013 storage cycle.
Research and Development 2014 Nandflash: A large-scale increase in the memory industry in 2017 benefited. As can be seen, companies have been proactive in each step of their strategic planning, have been well positioned, have been successful in reducing industry weekly risks, and have benefited from industry development dividends.
From cell phones to smart hands/handrings; from professional security to home security; from traditional TV to smart TV, where everyone is connected.
And China has a large population size, and its quest for consumer electronics and penetration rates far exceed those of other large countries (e.g. India), so that China is the largest networked market in the world in terms of the number of endpoints (population * average number of people).
Taken together, good corporate management teams + growing strong R & D levels + back-to-back with the world’s largest networked market, we believe that companies are expected to continue to increase their market share and grow faster than average industry growth.
The company's microcontrolr product (microcontrolunit, mcu), which accounts for 15% of the total revenue in 2017, will benefit directly from the development of the Internet network lot (internetofthings). The company's mcu, based on the arm core of kernels, is currently concentrated in applications such as consumer electronics and industrial controls.
What's a mcu, commonly known as a "system machine," mcu can easily read as a simple systemonchip core.
Films, including the central processor cpu (which now generally uses the inner core of the arm) and storage, external interfaces, etc., are part of the general control system. The main applications are embedded automated control areas, and downstream applications include network communications, computers, auto electrons, etc.
Industrial controls, etc., e.g. smart electricity meters, shared bicycles, smart home appliances, etc., i.e. new figure 7: mcu sample classification of mcu
The higher the number of digits, which can be divided into eight, 16 and 32-bit processors, represents the greater the power of the chip, which is now moving up to 32 as the downstream application is upgraded. 32 mcu are about 30% of the total mcu, and the weight is gradually increasing.
The structure is divided into arm, intel8051, mics, powerpc, and so on. The current arm structure is the market size of mcu due to the system’s power and performance balance.
One billion, or 18% over the same period, and Mcu’s projected combined growth rate over the next five years is slightly higher than the market’s growth rate, mainly due to the fact that mcuasp is moving down from year to year. It can be seen that in a semiconductor-wide market of $350 billion, mcu has no market available for storage.
The mocu cores are now functional modules compared to the mcu additions a few decades ago:
Digitized from 8 to 32. The application landscape is becoming more complex and increasing in value.  security module (securitysub-system): o into the big data age, the safety of data transmission is more important, and mcu is the end
The mandatory nodes through which the equipment data are passed are gradually becoming important for security.
Bandwidth creates pressure. If data are processed in a timely manner at the end of the device, the transfer bandwidth will be greatly saved, so the demand for the audio-visual processing module will increase gradually. > Wireless Transfer Module:
In the age of object networking, if everything is to be connected, the mcu application scenario is bound to encounter a situation where the signal is not accessible, which creates a demand for wireless transmission, and the wireless modules like Bluetooth, Zigbee, etc., will increasingly appear in the mcu.
o We expect the future mcu functionality to become more complex, the boundary with the application processor to be blurred, and there may be an increase in AI modules in the near future. mcu downstream applications and development drivers.
Physical networking is the largest application of mcu, with car connectivity, industrial Internet being the main pull factor. Cars are the main application of mcu, which currently accounts for about 30% of the overall application, the market is about $6 billion, and the fastest growing in all fields.
In the area of motor vehicles, mcu is used mainly for control systems, multimedia systems, auxiliary driving systems, etc. Mainstream mcu has a layout on the car, access to it is measured in some respects by one.
The firm’s technical strength. The car code level chip must at least achieve: very high reliability: the car is linked to human life, so the level of reliability of the car chip is highly valued by the major car factory. The normal car code chip validation cycle takes at least two years.
Car chip generally requires ambient working temperatures from -40°C ~105°C, whereas the actual working temperature of the chip (junctiontemperature) is from -40°C ~125°C. The working life is long.
The first application of mcu in the car field dates back to 1983, when Ford applied the intel 16-bit processor to the oil control system. Many high-end cars are now equipped with more than 100 different processors, and the absolute number continues to grow. The main driving force in the future is to improve the efficiency and connectivity of cars.
Specific applications include adas (auxiliary driving systems) and electrification systems, i.e., efficiency: the traditional means of efficiency enhancement include fuel consumption tests, and new types of vehicles with different parameters, such as exhaust. For example, many governments require that car exhausts meet certain standards, while monitoring them.
The exhaust system requires mcu control, so it's not just a new energy car, it's a traditional car, it's connected: the information entertainment system gradually penetrates from the low end of the high-end car network.
Figure 14: adas System Chart 15: Infotainment System Industrial Internet: Everything Interconnected has arrived
The industrial sector is the second largest application of mcu, accounting for about 25 per cent of the total revenue, and the future application of mcu in industry benefits mainly from industrial automation and networking.
By 2030, the global physical network facility base will have reached 100 billion units, with a composite growth rate of 13.28 per cent compared to 15.41 billion units in 2015. Mi provided a typical material network template, from sweep robots, smart sound boxes, sphygmomanometers,
Smart weights, etc., when traditional small home appliances are given wireless connectivity, they can be used anywhere on a mobile phone, remote remote control, i.e. primary "intelligentization" is achieved, while equipment at the end can synchronize data to clouds, and can be further analysed, fed back to users, and everything is connected.
The company's market position in mcu - a small share but a high growth rate - was 300 million yuan in 2017, although the market share was with the top five plants globally.
Commercial nxp, renesas, mcrochip, samsung, st have a big gap, but growth is high, with mcu growing at a rate of more than 50 per cent over the past two years.
♪ Renesas microchip samsung ♪
Infinion cypress will expand the company's applications in the Internet.
In the future, we believe that the company’s mcu business is expected to continue to grow at a high rate. In addition to the core competitiveness described above, we believe that the company’s proposed acquisition of Slim is complementary to the product structure.
Cellular customers are the majority and can fill the company’s gap in mobile customers. The main demand in the future goods network market is (1) remote control: there is a high demand for mcu.
2) Man-to-person interaction: mainly with voice and touch control (the market for microtouch and fingerprint chips). Thus, the acquisition of Slim has a synergistic effect on the company’s products, sales, and supply chain.
Programs. According to the ccid data, the market share of the global touch chip shipments was 9.5 per cent in 2017 in Shanghai, fourth place, and the market share of the global fingerprint identification shipments was 6.5 per cent. Figure 21: Share of global touch chip shipments in 2017
Figure 22: Share of Global Fingerprint Identification Enterprise shipments in 2017 The Slim fingerprint chip generated revenue of $34 million and $358 million in 2016 and 2017 respectively, increasing the city ' s share from 1.5 to 6.5 per cent, with downstream clients predominantly Chinese, small rice, and popo.
We estimate the size of the global fingerprint chip market in 2016 at approximately $2,292 million, the size of the market in 2017 at about $5,509 million, and, given the already high penetration rate of the mobile fingerprint chip, we expect that the global fingerprint chip market will continue to grow at a rate of 10-15% or more over the next three years.
With the exception of the three mobile phone manufacturers of Hua, Mi, and Opo, Slim's fingerprint chip accounts for 38% of the other cell phone manufacturers, we assume that the operating income of this sector has been growing at a rate of 5%. According to the announcement of November 13th, 2018, the company intends to issue shares and pay cash.
Prior to the transaction, the total equity of the listed company was 285 million shares, to be distributed to all of Shanghai's shareholders, to adjust the share ratio before and after the conclusion of the transaction accordingly.
Without considering raising matching funds, after the conclusion of the transaction, Zhu Yiming directly held a shadow innovation 12.54 per cent of the shares: the friendship of the executive partner, 2.48 per cent of the shares of the executive partner, and 0.84 per cent of the shares of the executive partner, respectively; Hong Kong won a fortune of 9.53 per cent and pledged to exercise the shareholder.
The voting rights are consistent with Zhu Iming. Chu's influence on the voting rights of easily innovative shares totals 25.40%, and remains the controlling shareholder and the actual controlling person of the company, so the transaction will not lead to a change in actual control, while the company intends to raise shares of up to $977.8 million in undisclosed shares from specific investors by means of a request for quotations.
Total audited deductions of non-recurring gains and losses for the three years of the performance commitment period (2018 to 2020) are attributed to the parent Figure 27: Changes in M & A Shanghai Slim data (millions of dollars)
The semiconductor sector as a whole is directly linked to the global economy. The past 20 years have seen three lows, in 1997 (Asian financial crisis), 2000 (Internet bubbles), and 2008 (global financial crisis). Global semiconductor revenues increased by 20-25 per cent in 2017, and the rate of growth has risen by almost five years, mainly as a result of the fact that they have been growing at a similar rate of 20 to 25 per cent.
Storage plates contribute. Storage prices began to fall in early 2018, with industry ' s own balance of supply and demand being driven by global economic cycles (e.g. downstream consumer electronics, automobiles, etc.). From the mobile phone market, the mobile phone market will shift from incremental to stock.
In January-October 2018, there was an average decrease of 20 per cent in the volume of domestic cellular shipments, and global cellular shipments are projected to be the same as in January-October 2018.
In general, a full storage cycle is about three years, with a drop of more than 20 per cent in bit/pricing and a drop of more than 30 per cent in nad spot prices. Figure 32: Quarterly storage price tables
Figure 33: Average spot price of nadflash64gbmcl, in terms of operating profit margins, the median profit margin of the storage company in 2015 dropped by almost 20 per cent.
The year 2018 is different from the year 2015: downstream applications increased in 2018: smartphones dominated storage pulls in 2015. The demand for mobile phones has weakened since 2018, but new applications, such as cloud computing, and object networking, are relative
Long-line demand is determined. Quarterly demand fluctuates, but in the long run it partially compensates for downstream intelligence 3dnand technology. 3d storage is now dominated by US, Korean, and Japanese companies.
We also have a layout at 3dnand, the Wuhan Yangtze. The Yangtze store has now developed 32 layers of 3dnand and is in the process of optimizing the product, which is expected to produce by the end of 2018.
The maturity of 3dnand technology can increase storage (bitgroveth) while the Bitcost costs can be reduced accordingly, so the large storage plants can be partially offset at the cost end.
The downswing in storage cycles has a greater impact on the storage of mainstream products, mainly 3dnand and dram.
, which is less affected. Simply speaking, noorflash is slow in writing and heavy, fast in reading and low in function. The capacity is generally small, so it applies to storage executors and should be low- or medium-volume.
It is widely applied to pc boards, mobile phones, digital machine topboxes, routers, home gateways, security surveillance products, smart home appliances, cars, etc.
The location of the flash manufacturer also rose from 7 per cent in 2016 to 11 per cent in the first half of 2018. In 2018, companies are expected to increase their share of global markets further as global flash chip taps gradually fade out of the noorflash chip market or shift to high-morigin products.
Investment proposals and profit projections 1) semiconductor storage prices will continue to decline in the last quarter of this year, but in the first half of next year 2) upstream crystal mill capacity tensions have begun to ease and prices have eased.
The impact of upstream price reductions can be offset in part by a reduction in storage prices for Māori.3 In the mcu market, companies can gradually increase penetration by increasing the competitiveness of their products, exceeding the average growth in the industry (10 per cent).
4) Slim products have a synergistic effect on the company's mcu,flash products, which can increase their downstream applications and expand the market. Fingerprint chips are expected to grow by about 30% over the next two years. Using the relative valuation method, the semiconductor industry is now p=48 times (ttm), taking into account the scale of the future.
The risk of a lower-than-expected storage cycle is greater: if the global recession, or lower-than-expected downstream demand (e.g., consumer electronics, cars), the storage industry continues to have an imbalance in supply and demand, downstream inventory digestion cycles become longer, and conductor lower-than-anticipated storage cycles are more severe.
Risk of a decline in the Māori rate: if local competitors increase, or if overseas competitors resort to price reductions, the target company undertakes to fail to perform: if the impact of increased competition in the market, less than expected market expansion, changes in industrial policy, increased tax revenues or reduced preferences, trade restrictions and economic sanctions, and
There may be a risk that all of the requisitions will fail to perform as expected. Scores, after which an average of the final ratings will be calculated as an average market investment