A rapid growth in performance of 2503 to accelerate the globalization strategy Events: 3-quarterly report of 2025 issued by the Central and Heavy Section.0.89 pct. Cost of sales, administrative costs, R&D costs, financial cost rates, respectively, are the same.
The premium spreads h-equity swaps to help drive globalization strategies. 2025h1 received 138.15 roe (ttm) overseas to further advance the end-to-end model of “airports + ground forces + flight forces” and to add overseas R & D systems.
According to the announcement of 30 October, the Department intends to offer a premium on the transfer of h shares to raise no more than RMB 6 billion.
After costs and expenses, it is expected that a net of $50.00 per cent will be mobilized to support corporate globalization development strategies, build overseas business systems, establish production manufacturing bases, warehousing logistics systems, R & D centres, marketing systems in overseas countries such as Europe, West Asia, South-East Asia, Africa, the Americas and Oceania
The remaining 50.00 per cent, for example, of post-market service systems, is proposed for the development and application of technology along the front lines of robotics, new energy sources, intelligence, etc., and the development of new products such as new energy agricultural machinery, new energy mine machinery, smart robots, and related core parts and components.
Intelligent robot research and development speeds up to the new growth point. By 2025h1, the company had launched 3 human robots, including 1 wheeled robot and 2 double-footed robots, and dozens of them had entered the factory to operate in mechanical processing, logistics, assembly, Quality check, etc.
The pilot will accelerate industrialization and help companies to rise to a new growth curve. At the same time, the company will build up a 120-placed and intelligent training field, which will introduce "Data capture-model training-applications" that would put corporate performance under pressure if demand for domestic firms in overseas markets were reduced; and (3)
A “market index” for this rating system,a a stock reference of 300 indexes; and a new three-board reference of three indexes. Investors are only suitable for risk levels not higher than “middle- and low-risk” studies, and “stable” investors are only suitable for risk levels not higher than “medium-risks.”
“Positive” investors are only suited to the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.