• The proposal to issue $6 billion for debt transfer, focusing on globalization & smartness.
The Bill on Convertible Corporate Bonds, which companies are to issue up to RMB 6 billion h shares in debt swaps. About 50% of this sub-transferable issue will be used to support the location of corporate globalization development strategies and to build production bases, logistics, R & D, marketing, post-market services, etc. overseas.
Research and development for smart R & D, for cutting-edge new technologies such as robots, new energy sources, and smartness, namely, the development of new products such as new energy agricultural machinery, new energy mining machines, smart robots, and related core parts and components. It is expected that with this release, companies will become globalized, intelligently integrated.
The Bureau has further refined it to provide a critical basis for enhancing international competitiveness. The introduction of premium issuances effectively protects the interests of existing shareholders while highlighting future stock price confidence (1) allows for the use of premium issuance for debt swaps compared with the increase in equity offered by discounts and due to the existence of a conversion cycle
(a) Equity interests can be effectively protected by moving stocks over the next 3-5 years as performance increases rather than one-time transfers;
In the engineering and machinery industry, domestic and foreign resonances are on the rise, and the company’s income is on the upside: o3 return net profit per year +35.8%, Hong Kong
With sustained improvements, the country is still expected to maintain a two- to three-year high-growth cycle; overseas, the short-term high demand from Africa, the Middle East, Indonesia, etc., has gradually recovered demand from Europe and the United States, and long-term Chinese brand competition has gradually achieved a higher market share.
At the corporate level: As domestic non-digging improves, corporate growth abroad continues to be released, and soil and minerals: q2 net non-mortality profits rises over the global share of +50 per cent, with 2025o3 rising domestic revenues starting to positive and rising overseas.
Looking ahead, we believe that the landscape of domestic and international earth products is expected to be sustained, non-digging products are warming up, and the global share of the “second-growth curve” of public earth, mining, agricultural and high machinery continues to rise, as well as to become operational.
With the accelerated hatching of the smart robot “third growth curve” (which is expected to start production in the second half of 2026), the industry is expected to continue to grow, accelerating its progress towards the three main global poles of “Engineer + Miner + Agricultural Machinery”.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company ' s forecast of net return profits for the period 2025-2027 as Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory business.