Optimization of business structure, opening up long-term growth space for new business - JCS (000157.sz) company dynamics study — multi-structural synergies in business and multiple breakthroughs in emerging business
Yousw@cfsc.com.cn The traditional engineering and mechanics industry has consolidated its leadership, new business such as high-altitude machinery, mine machinery has grown, intelligent robots have landed and become “traditional and emerging”
Two-wheel drive pattern, spreads industry cycle fluctuations. The main engineering industry is stable.
In three years, the market is expected to be 80,000, with a penetration rate of over 90%; cranes are driven by wind, power, high-end hangers like nuclear power, companies with thousands of tons of tethers and large tonnages, and cars are leading. High-altitude machines are outnumbered by more than 100 countries and countries around the world.
High-end electric products of 72 meters of straight arms are listed in European markets, and high-intensity rice products have successfully entered the British market. Miner machinery focuses on "largeness, greenness."
Integration, intellectualization, an integrated solution with a full-scale delivery capacity that meets the customized needs of different mining areas and levels of intelligence.
Industry, covering mechanical processing, logistics, assembly, etc., and setting up a centre for intelligent operation, creating a process-wide shut-down “Data capture-model training-application.” Agricultural machinery is growing in reverse, surrounding the “up-end, international, new energy” strategy, the sea.
External income ratio rises. The first export of a blended tractor to a high-end market abroad, offline, a large-powered hybrid power tractor, which initially formed a high-end, new energy product, advanced the depths of globalization, and the growth of a “barrel stone” from overseas.
1. Central and Central Quality Section (000157): International markets upgraded from “sales network layout” to “localized operations”, focusing on emerging markets, continuing breakthroughs, overseas business performance
Demand dividend, overseas income ratio, over 50 per cent, became resistant to fluctuations in domestic cycles.2 Central IUS (000157): the offshore industry system continues to advance, helping to generate both profits
The Division’s overseas revenue of $21.313 billion, which accounts for 57.36 per cent, continues to optimize the structure of the area. It has benefited from sustained breakthroughs in infrastructure and significant gains in profitability in South-East Asia, the Middle East, and Africa.
The need to build and open mines has continued to grow, with companies investing for two to three years, regions such as Africa and Latin America becoming important future growth points for companies abroad, and regions in Europe where infrastructure investment has resumed and markets demand is greater.
The region’s relevant localization layout will provide a strong support for future business growth.  Research and development plus technology leadership, “triple” transformation building barriers, focus on digitalization, intelligence, green technology orientation, and sustained high investment in research and development.
To promote product substitution and import substitution, technological advantages are translated into market competitiveness. Research has seen a rate of technology transfer of more than 97 per cent over the last three years. Technology gains have been strong: as of today, the cumulative number of patents on “triple” new technologies has reached 5,974; leading the development of more than 490.
National and industry standards, 16 international standards, leading the technical speech industry. Product-based, 4,000 tons of all-ground cranes, 216 metres of wind-powered pylons, etc.; 20 pieces of new energy mainframe products on the market, including the first global net.
(a) The electric-powered port tire crane, 38 tons of pure electric arm-lifted transport with vehicles, etc., increased the electrodynamic penetration rate of the mixer vehicle from 36.6 per cent in 2024 to 74 per cent.
The new market does not expand as much as expected; technology overlaps and product R & D risks.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or not for, the specific advice or opinion contained in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.