The January-February 2022 Business Data Point assessment of WalluHingl (600426), which led to a high performance in terms of rising prices, a future expansion in the size of construction projects, a rise of about $5.3 billion, or 75 per cent, in comparison with the previous year; and the realization of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
Prices of major products have increased year-on-year, with companies showing higher performance in January-February. According to company announcements, the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased significantly in January-February 2022, mainly due to: (1) company-led product prices increased year-on-year; and (2) a series of technical improvements in the production of carbonate dimethyl esters.
Some of the product prices and profits are still better than in the same period last year. According to data from Kiwakawa, the prices of company urea products had risen by about 40% as of March 11, and the industry tons of urea by about $558.30.
The company’s current capacity is 1 million tons of urea roe (ttm), 1 million tons of acetic acid, 150,000 tons of dmf, 150,000 tons of methamine, and 200,000 tons of nylon products.
80 000 tonnes of nylon 66 products, 120,000 tonnes pbat, 600,000 tonnes of dimethyl carbonate, 300,000 tonnes of methyl ester carbonate, 50,000 tonnes of diethyl carbonate in December.
Advances: The elements of the second base project have been implemented successively, and the construction of the project has begun gradually. As the company progresses steadily in its ongoing construction, it is expected that the company’s performance will be released gradually.
In this context, the price of coal is relatively stable, and the coal industry has a cost-effective ratio. At the same time, the company’s many ongoing construction projects are steadily moving forward, contributing to the company’s continued growth in size and future performance. The company is a coal-industrial dragon with cost, environmental technological advantages and potential for expansion.
Lead firms are expected to benefit from supply-side changes in the chemical industry under the “doubt carbon” target. Industry competition is expected to increase risks; macroeconomic pressure leads to lower than expected downstream risks; construction projects release less than expected risks; and force majeure events such as natural and man-made disasters occur.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.