The Center for Resources and Environmental Research (CREDE) returns a net profit of $7,254 million, an increase of 303 per cent over the same period. The company has maintained steady growth and steadily released its performance.
In the fourth quarter of the year, a net return of 1.642 billion yuan was achieved, and in the first quarter the company is expected to realize a net return of 22.50-2.45 billion yuan, which remains high. In the fourth quarter of last year, the company went through a process of large-scale hikes in coal prices and fallbacks, leading to a first move, and the cost hike has reduced the overall profit margin slightly.
The overall Māori rate for the fourth quarter was about 26.54 per cent and the ring ratio was down, but one quarter, raw coal, carbon prices were stable, the company ' s products were generally running well in the medium run, and the Winter Olympics had a steady upturn in performance for the fourth quarter, and the company was competitive.
Beyond the influences of the periphery, the company as a whole is operating at a high capacity, driving the company to re-innovate in a single quarter. Continuation – the company’s rating of [national gold-chemicals] – shows that the overall volatility of product prices is relatively manageable, and that multi-product linkages are expected to generate part of the cyclical pressure.
In the short term, some of the company's products, such as acetic acid, have been affected by factors such as the stocking of the spring festival industry, the price of the national gold chemical industry's Hualuhein upgrade.
There has been a fall in prices for some of the new energy upstream materials, along with the gradual release of the supply, and a concerted price adjustment. Although prices have fluctuated in part, the company as a whole has a relative ability to regulate itself.
More powerful, the company has a base of multi-product allocation in the same chain of industry, with a high volatility, both within and outside the country, and a domestic epidemic, which is expected to cut to more rigid areas of demand.
The construction project is moving steadily, and the new material area is gradually building a good foundation.
On the basis of production operations, the company continues to promote the extension of the new materials field. This year, the company's Ammonium, nylon 6 and dmc projects will increase their contribution. Next year's new phase of the Ministry's new materials project and the Hubei 2 base project will be expected to start production successively. On the one hand, the company will expand its product range and expand its development space.
On the other hand, while maintaining the corporate advantage project base, solidizing the building blocks and driving the firm to maintain a good profitability throughout the quarter, despite pressure to adjust prices for some of the high-priced products, corporate overall profitability is relatively strong, while companies continue to have a business start-up that leads to corporate development.
Chenyi3@gjzg.com.cn yangyiying@gjzq.com.cn
Geopolitical changes and the risk of large fluctuations in crude oil prices; sub-optimal construction of the second base; the impact of changes in policy; and the risk of large fluctuations in raw materials and products.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment