The first quarter of 2022 is expected to see a rapid increase in performance during the quarter and an expansion in the scale of the construction-in-progress project in the future on 29 March 2022.
The company announced a quarterly performance forecast, expected to realize a net profit of 2.240 billion yuan to 2.44 billion yuan net of non-recurring gains and losses attributable to the shareholders of the listed company in the first quarter of 2022, an increase of 43 per cent from the same year to the sum of 03405180001.
The prices of major products have risen the same year, and performance has increased rapidly in the first quarter. According to corporate announcements, the company ' s performance has grown rapidly in the first quarter, mainly as a result of (i) the company ' s leading product price increases in the same year; and (ii) the completion of production of a series of technology-remediation projects for the production of dimethyl carbate, endamide and accessories, etc.
In combination with the company’s January-February period, most products are still better priced than during the same period last year, with a partial decline in ring ratios.
As at 28 March, the average price of urea q1 had risen by 31.71 per cent and the ring by 9.1 per cent; the average price of dmf q1 had increased by 77.65 per cent and the ring by 5.57 per cent; and the average price of qu1 adipic acid had risen by roe (ttm)
The company’s current capacity is 1 million tons of urea, 1 million tons of acetic acid, 1 million tons of dmf150,000 tons, 150,000 tons of methamine, and 200,000 tons of nylon products.
The 66 tons of nylon products 80,000 tons, pbat 120,000 tons, carbonate 600,000 tons, carbonate 300,000 tons and carbonate 50,000 tons. The company ' s ammonium and nylon new materials project is currently proceeding as planned; the elements of the second base project are implemented successively, and the construction of the project is under way.
The company’s ongoing construction projects have been steadily advancing, and its performance is expected to be released gradually. Investment proposals: International oil prices have remained high in the recent Russian-Ukrainian conflict, while domestic prices are stable. Coal prices have been relatively stable and cost-effective for coal industry.
A number of construction-in-progress projects have been steadily advancing, enabling companies to grow in size and performance in the future. A company that has the advantage of cost, environmental technology, and the potential for expansion of coal industry is expected to benefit from the expected changes in the supply side of the chemical industry under the “double carbon” goal.
Competition in industry increases the risk: macroeconomic pressure leads to lower than expected downstream demand: projects in progress release less than expected risk; and force majeure events, such as natural and man-made disasters, occur. The rating system's “market index” reference point is 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.