The Centre for Resource and Environmental Research has steadily improved its performance in the fourth quarter, and the competitiveness of companies has continued to show a steady release of its performance, leading to a step-by-step rise in corporate development.
Materials, the impact of higher prices for finished products, a significant increase in the overall profitability of the industry in which some of the company ' s products are located, a company that benefits more from higher profitability in the industry, and an overall corporate performance that is very bright, with a four-quarter net return based on the company ' s performance forecast.
1. " New material research and development has been successful, and the project is expected to accelerate, although it is influenced by the price of raw materials, the price of products down, the profit ring or downward pressure, but it can be seen that the company has seen a clear performance ladder up in 2021 and has benefited from capacity over the years.
The Stock Incentives Scheme was implemented to highlight the impact of the company's continued clean-up and improved industry patterns, and the company's niche products were demonstrated by a clear profit center upgrade, 20211223. The Renovation Impacts Production, and Coal Prices Impacted Cost Profit
As a result of the impact of the double carbon policy, the overall performance of the company will show a central upturn, subject to new capacity-building on the supply side, the cyclical nature of some of the company ' s products will decline, and it is expected that even if the cycle fails, the company ' s profitability will be maintained at a higher level.
The new project became operational, the new material was well-structured, and the new project was scaled up, leading to a steady improvement in the company's performance.
In 2022, the dmc project will contribute to a full-year profit, with a significant reduction in the cost of the product and a higher contribution from the company's single product.
With the restructuring of the end of the chain of production, the company will minimize production of less profitable products and increase production of more profitable products, with the expected yield of less profitable products in the cycle, while the contribution of products such as dmc, nylon6 and home ammonium is increasing and the overall profitability of the company is expected to continue to increase.
At a higher level, it can be said that the company’s profitability has increased “qualityly.” In the fourth quarter, a certain regress in the prices of some of the coal-chemical products occurred, and the profits of the pre-earlier high-profit products may have been lost, but it is expected that the whole will remain at a better level of profitability, new future materials, and so on.
Chenyi3@gjzg.com.cn yangyiying@gjzq.com.cn
The winter energy consumption control and environmental governance affect the overall supply of the industry; the construction of the second base has not progressed as expected; the impact of policy changes; and the risk of large fluctuations in raw materials and products.