Research and development of new materials was successful and the project is expected to accelerate landing The company's 18th announcement, the company's new products, methyl ester carbonate and diethyl carbonate, were successfully developed and tested
The device has been working through the process and the quality of the product has reached electronic standards. Self-research and development drive capabilities have effectively led the project to land. The company has achieved a quantitative production of 300,000 tons of carbon dimethyl acid in the fourth quarter of 2021, with significant advantages in size and cost.
In the field of coal-chemicals, to achieve cost advantages through gas platforms, but in years of accumulation, not only is the ability to optimize improvements, but also technological innovations in new products, the carbonate meth esters, carbonate diethyls and the prior production of carbonate dimethyl esters represent the company's own product.
I have developed drivers to provide the basis for further project layouts for companies in the new energy sector in the future.
Steady, every project is built in steady and steady conditions, and the pilot studies are conducted through small-scale production lines or test lines.
Products such as dimethyl esters and ethylene ethanol have been well-engineered and scaled up, while production costs have been significantly optimized. The successful development of new products has been the success of the test line in the company.
The guarantee of generality and quality is expected to provide a good basis for the construction of new projects in Texas, expanding the product categories and providing diversified products, while accelerating the landing of phase two projects, resulting in an increase in performance.
Equity incentives continue to be implemented, and the company’s resilience to risks increases further, breaking growth constraints. Companies continue to pursue their equity incentives program this year, and continue to boost the momentum of the company as the leading coal industry.
Industry, corporate dominance, coupled with carbon-neutral regulation, the weekly nature of some of the company's products is expected to diminish, industry pattern optimization is expected to stabilize industry profits gradually, and the firm's advantage is to gain a higher individual profit margin on the basis of the industry's profitability, thus supporting the company's sustainability.
The company’s ability to grow more profitablely has been troubled by the break-out of space constraints on its growth, the extension of the industrial chain and the construction of a second base that has kept the company growing, while enriching the company’s product system. There has been a certain reversal in the price of some of the coal-chemical products in the fourth quarter, with the profits of the pre-existing high-profit products running out of value.
There may be some relief, but the overall picture is expected to remain at a better level of profitability, with future new materials and winter energy consumption control and environmental governance affecting the overall supply of the industry; the construction of the second base is not progressing as expected;
Impact of policy changes; risk of significant fluctuations in raw materials and products; score, and then averaged final rating as market average investment