Two-base layouts open up the space for growth. Wallu-Hingl published the annual report 2021: 26.636 billion yuan in operating income for the year, and Waru-Hingl is a modern, multi-occupational, multi-occupational industrial enterprise.
Youy+103.10%, with a net return of 7.254 million yuan, yoy+30.337%. Products, adipic acids, intermediates, etc.
The company will speed up the restructuring process by switching production in a timely manner to multiple industrial and technological platforms, such as gasification, synthesizing, a “one-line” flexible multi-producer business model with flexible multi-producer lines, depending on the product market situation.
The operating model, which allows the long-cycle and efficient operation of the production apparatus, leads to the production and sale of the product in full capacity, the overhaul and optimization of the industry, and the promotion of traditional production and upgrading of the capacity of the Division to make a significant increase in its profitability.
At the bottom of the income, the price of the main product rises, leading to a significant increase in the company’s performance.
The general price rise and the increase in the contribution of some products to new production capacity led to a significant increase in the combined Māori ratio of 14.12 percentage points to 35.49 per cent in 2021 from $11.556 billion in sales of products, organochlorine, fertilizers, acetic acid and derivatives, respectively, based on profit ends.
Among these, the Māori rate of new materials-related products rose by 21.62 percentage points to 25.56 per cent, the ability to reduce efficiency gains by “one line” and the completion of a series of technical improvements in the production of dimethyl-carbonate, endemide and accessories, among others.
The “double-base” layout identifies the growth path of the company's 14th Five-Year Plan. The company's core competitiveness — the production capacity — has not changed significantly and remains strong in the overall climate of the chemical industry.
The company is now entering a new cycle of growth, and in line with its strategic orientation of “local high-end, off-the-shelf”, it is constantly implementing new projects at its base in Texas, upgrading old projects, and storing new energy, degradation plastics, etc., to extend the industrial chain: another.
On the other hand, the company has seized the opportunity to create a second base in the state, which is now in its full-scale construction phase. The construction of the new base is important for the company ' s medium- and long-term development and opens up space for its growth.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: the company takes full advantage of the soft, multi-lined economy of the cycle and continuously improves its ability to reduce its efficiency, while the future of new products leads to higher corporate profitability.
Warru Henglion (600426): High performance growth, double base setup opening up the space for growth, the source of financial prosperity in the East, Liu Woo-joo.
Eight years of research experience in the chemical industry. He worked in the Research Department of China-King Corporation and earned a number of honours during his career, including the first three As in the chemical industry in 2017.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Walluheungl (600426): High performance growth, double base layout opening up room for growth, does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.