The first half of 2018, when the company published its semi-annual report, the growth in corporate performance was higher than expected The company achieved business income of $18.606 billion in the first half of 2018, an increase of 3.21 per cent in the same year, and the net return of the new energy plate generated income of $4.934 billion, an increase of 3.34 per cent in the same year, and the Māori rate of 28.8 per cent in the same year.
The holding subsidiary, New Special Energy (1799.hk), previously disclosed its mid-2018 performance, which resulted in an operating revenue of $5.384 billion, an increase of 4.24 per cent over the same period; a net return of RMB 863 million, an increase of 14.97 per cent over the same year; and a Māori rate of 28.91 per cent, an increase of 1.13 percentage points over the same period.
Impact, companies increasing the optimization of multi-crystal silicon products, technological innovation, increasing costs, increasing market prices relative to market performance (nearly 12 months)
In the first half of 2018, the domestic market contracted $10.3 billion. The main source of revenue was the lower number of new jobs in the transmission package and the shorter start of some of the projects already under way, as a result of the decrease in recognized incomes;
The Māori rate increased by 2.49 percentage points over the same period in the previous year, largely as a result of the company’s continued strengthening of its engineering management. The agreement is expected to total $8,024 million (including taxes), representing 20.96% of the company’s revenue in 2017.
At present, the new energy multi-crystal silicon capacity is nearly 35,000 tonnes/year, the second largest in the country and the fourth in the world; at the same time, the 36,000 tonnes expansion plan is being continued and is expected to be completed by mid-2019, when total capacity will increase to about 70,000 tonnes, with further cost and quality advantages.
To promote a steady growth in corporate performance and ensure that the company survives the pre-price pain period.
The company ' s power transmission operations have a strong R & D and design capability, creating a more complete system of transmission and transformation equipment, which provides a solid basis for companies to further develop their international system integration operations and to upgrade their transformation from product delivery to system integration solution services.
The development of successful operations has also led to better co-benefits between corporate exports of transformer products. As of the end of June 2018, the company’s International System Integration (ISP) operation was in the process of implementing contracts with outstanding revenue recognition and pending projects amounting to more than $6 billion.
The price of poles is downgraded, the price of raw materials is volatile, the industry policy changes are risky, the Institute's sales team, Xu Jialine.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.