The power plant operation helped to stabilize performance The company ' s operating income was $18.606 billion in the first half of 2018, an increase of 321 per cent in the same year;
Energy operations. The electricity bill is due to the expansion of the company’s power plant operations and the increase in electricity generated by the Gichang 2*350mw cogeneration project. According to the semi-annual report on new special energy sources, the company had completed a total of 749.5mw by 30 June, an increase over the same period last year.
49.9 per cent of electricity generated in the first half of the year was 421 million kwh, with 416 million kwh on the Internet, resulting in an increase of 253 million yuan, or 60 per cent over the same period; the coal industry increased production and sales under the corporate market; and the new energy business consisted mainly of multi-crystal silicon lines for the completion of technologically modified energy release.
The company’s overall Māori rate has fallen by 1.55 to 21.78%. With the exception of the Māori rate for transmission packages, which has increased by 2.49 to 2.49 items, the gross interest rate for all operations has been affected to varying degrees by the rise in raw materials prices and changes in product structure.
In terms of Maori contributions, electricity and coal have grown significantly, new energy operations, transmissions to power-conversion engineering operations have remained largely at the same level as last year, and cable and transformer operations have declined.
The cost rate for the company period has remained stable. □ booms in size bring a steady return, while wind and electricity construction has continued to recover, adding 7.94gw wind power to the network in the first half of the country.
Thanks to improved wind heat and power restrictions, new energy sources under the company Boo model have increased significantly, while the launch of the Siont high-voltage delivery route, Grand Base, 975mw Wind power project in Inner Mongolia, provides a growth engine for the network of new power plants and helps to protect them.
Wu Ribbon, the transmission package project is not going as fast as expected; the price of multiple crystalline silicon fluctuates.
This is defined as follows: No rating, because the necessary information is not available, or because the company faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons, no clear investment rating is given. The market benchmark index is 300.
The information and comments contained in the report are provided for information purposes only.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.