Probability: Second quarter performance, guiding expectations, multi-business expansion driving the firm against Huang Jia Qi.
• Re-iterate the sophisticated “buy-in” rating: it's the few companies in the electronics industry that keep up with the negative growth. While companies are inevitably affected by weak demand for consumer electronics, such as smartphones, it builds on the growing share of large clients in multi-product lines and new energy sources
The rapid growth of business plates such as automobiles, communications, etc. has contributed to steady growth in corporate performance. According to the company’s two-quarter profit guide, the number of places has increased by 16% over the first quarter. We • 1q23 performed in reverse, and 2q23 performed in excess of expectations: 1q23 earns equal to 1 q23.
The total market value (million yuan) grew by 20%, and net profits grew by 12% over the year, significantly better than the electronics sector. The company’s 2q23 net profit guide’s median increased by 18% over the year, rising by one quarter.
At the same time, the company’s cost rate improved in the first quarter of this year compared to the same ring. • Automobiles and communications maintain a high rate of growth: cars and communications are the focus of attention.
In the area of communications operations, future overseas clients will contribute more revenue, pushing the board to evaluate: we use segment plus generalization to evaluate it in an accurate manner.
A sophisticated consumer electronics, computers, cars, communications, industry and other businesses 21x, 15x, investment risk: demand for consumer electronics, such as smartphones, has recovered less than expected and has grown considerably in the second half of the year.
Players' profit margins are under pressure and recovery is slower than expected. The company’s diversified business inputs increase costs faster, delaying performance.
2022 and 1q23 Performance Review 2022
Consumer e-business: Consumer e-business achieved revenue of RMB 1,796.7 million, an increase of 33 per cent in the same year; Māori rate of 11.5 per cent, a slight decrease of 0.1 per cent in the same year. Computer interconnectivity products and precision components Automobile business: revenue of RMB 6,149 million, an increase of 48 per cent in the same year; Māori rate of 16.1 per cent.
The year 2022 was the year when the open-sourced automobile business moved across the board, and the company expected to set up a sophisticated financial situation of 1q23. The operating income was RMB 49,942 million, an increase of 20%, a decline of 27% in the ring.
A little less than market expectations, from: 1) increased profitability as a result of growth; 2) increased return on investment; 3) sophisticated 2q23 performance guidelines for the various branches of the industry.
Based on the company ' s 1h23 performance forecast, the following 2q23 guidelines are available:
The transfer of the industrial chain to South-East Asia is generally out-of-date, old products, new product roll-out (new production, npi) still going to take place in mainland China.
The shift in the industrial chain to South-East Asia is mainly due to: 1) labour costs are lower in China: labour costs are higher in China than in countries such as Viet Nam and India. 2) Decentralization of supply chains: to reduce the potential geopolitical impact, fragmentation of supply chains helps to improve supply security.
Viet Nam: Companies tend to prefer Viet Nam, because they have better basic projects, such as investment promotion, and they also recommend customers for overseas supply chain layout in Viet Nam. India: Companies are relatively cautious about India’s consumer e-investment plants, comparing them.
The current resources are being invested more in the new energy vehicle tier1 business, and better management has indicated that limited resources will be invested in key domestic and foreign car company clients. Connectors, beams, domain controllers, autopilots, etc., are being run by independent teams.
India’s plants are working with communications equipment and operators’ customers to make communications and network-based products. In the course of the quarter, the month of March was clearly better than in January and February.
By the first half of next year, the market is absorbing the overdrafting of electronics for three years of the epidemic. The computer panels have suffered a lot.
Capital spending has peaked last year, and companies expect capital spending to fall this year. The current total size of dollar debt is about $30 billion, with interest costs close to $1 billion at current interest rates from last April to the current quarter.
We're using the method of sotp (sub-subparts, branch plus) valuations to contrast up-to-date estimates. We're predicting a sophisticated 2023 consumer electronics, computers, cars, communications, and industry.
Promising and pessimistic scenario Pessimistic scenario: corporate income growth is not as high as expected
Demand for consumer electronics, such as smartphones, recovered more than expected; Demand for consumer electronics, such as smartphones, recovered less than expected: the new energy automobile industry grew faster than expected, driving the company automobile industry
(a) Unexpected growth in the sale of new energy vehicles, both domestic and foreign;
(b) Increased and faster cost of diversification of corporate business inputs, delays, less time than expected to be affected by input from new products, harvest regulations
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report has indicated and assured that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and has agreed to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements can be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities. Poo-Sil-Sil-Seong International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, Associated Public Divisions (collectively “Pu-Sil-Sil-Silver International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities that are described or related to the companies in this report, and may be bought or sold from time to time.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]