Advanced e-business (002475), robust performance, motor vehicle and wearables injected into growth dynamics, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: For the entire year 2022, the company earned 214.03 billion yuan, an increase of 39.0 per cent in the same year; for the mother, the net profit was $9.16 billion, an increase of 29.6 per cent in the same year; for the non-net profit, $8.44 billion, an increase of 40.3 per cent in the same year; for the company, 49.940 billion yuan, an increase of 20.1 per cent in the same year; for the mother, the net profit was 2.02 billion yuan.
The same-year growth rate of 11.9 per cent; the net non-mortality profit of $1.77 billion, an increase of 16.2 per cent over the same period; steady growth in performance and good cost-side controls. During the reporting period, companies were driven by pressures such as macroeconomic downturns and weak demand in the industry, which were driven by mobile phone assembly, toptodule and car electronics.
Performance has continued to grow robustly. 1) In 2022, consumer electronics/communications/computers/in terms of use, corporate cost-side controls worked well. In 2022, company sales/management/research and development (R & D) rates opened up a new growth curve for cars, and the new business is expected to inject dynamic energy into the sustained growth of consumer electronics.
The Department actively expands its own product matrix, which includes high/low pressure wire beams, charge guns, car connectors, etc.
In addition, the company partnered with the Chirre Group to set up a vehicle odm platform that would help the company achieve the medium- and long-term goals of the driver of auto parts and components.
There is a wide range of alternatives to national production, which may open up long-term growth curves for companies as the company’s automobile business continues to expand. The consumer electronics section, where companies have successfully imported a customer’s acoustic products and iphone assembly supply chains through an extended approach, deepens the company’s position as a leader in consumer electronic precision production;
In addition, the company continues to be deployed in the Xr area, based on the basis of the company ' s in-depth cooperation with a client in the whole-office assembly, precision zero components, modules, the release and release of future a client ' s mr products, or the creation of new incremental space for the company ' s fee-free electronic business.
In the next three years, a combination of net profit returns is expected to increase by 26%. Given the company’s outstanding advantage as a sophisticated flat-making front, the volume of related operations, such as cars and xr, is expected to open a new growth curve.
One company, a leading company in the country's sophisticated manufacturing industry platform, was established in 2004 and placed on the market in 2010. The company is a leading company in the country's sophisticated manufacturing industry platform, which started with computer connectors for many years, from parts, modules, to tether.
Vertical integration has led to a diversified layout of the product lines in different applications. The company’s products are now widely used in such areas as consumer electronics, automobiles, communications, and the medical industry.
Spring indirectly holds 19.2% of the company’s shares through Quiz Ltd. The top five shareholders in the company are Quiz Ltd. (38.3%), Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Ltd. (8.2%), China Securities and Finance Co. Ltd. (1.2%), Central