Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company fundamentals (RMB)
Taking advantage of the “two votes” trend, we share the last wave of opportunities to increase the concentration of the flow of medicines: the loan of medicines, the aid of the two main platforms of drug control and the upper medicine park, to speed up the layout of the empty provinces, which are deep-deep in the east, radiation, south-west, and high-value consumers, sinking the Chinese channel, north-east of the country.
The three-tier retail system of “hospital joint pharmacies, dtp, chain pharmacies” is designed to meet prescription outflows: judging from industry trends, the important prerequisite for a prescription outflow is to reduce the hospital’s dependence on the benefits of the drug price difference.
Co-operative pharmacies and dtp dispensaries are a matter of urgency to alleviate the current drug-absorption situation in public hospitals, but they have not significantly changed the existing industrial value chain, which we consider to be the most effective prescription access in the current reality of prescription outflows from China.
Industrial sector priority varieties have benefited from marketing reforms and multi-year R & D is gaining harvest: companies have set up three separate marketing centres for priority varieties, “hospital self-employment, fine agents, retail channels”, one for one, and growing more continuously; and years of research and development for innovative medicines, imitatives and imitatives, are gradually entering the harvest phase.
“Regular bargaining” is expected to contribute to the upgrading of the functions of the circulating enterprise, and the generic evaluation is expected to be completed with a “consistency evaluation” Business and industry synergy: in the context of the second bargaining, the circulating enterprise will partially assume the role of agent of the medical institution: the circulating enterprise will have greater choice of the generic drug, and the evaluation of consistency will be further enhanced and concentrated
Optimization of management and provision of performance elasticity through capital outreach: in recent years, companies have promoted efficiency by optimizing the pool of funds, issuing low-interest bonds, and managing benefits; and strategic deployment through the creation of or participation in industrial funds.
End-of-income: based on trends in the active distribution of drugs in the distribution business and in the two-vote industry, we believe that the distribution business is expected to grow at a combined rate of 14 per cent over the next three years; the industrial sector is expected to increase its income (long-term) by means of vitacco cumulations (short-term), marketing of core varieties (medium-term), and business synergies (long-term) for generic drug benefits.
We believe that the drugs have gone into the first echelons, both in circulation and industry, and that they are expected to continue to grow robustly in the current context of health reform policies, with an “enhanced” rating.
The distribution business is poorly expanded, the marketing of core varieties is improved with low expectations, and non-recurrent gains are more volatile. By taking advantage of the “two-vote” trend, sharing the last wave of opportunities to increase the concentration of medicine flows, building on two main platforms to accelerate the distribution of empty provinces.
-2011: Shanghai pharmaceutical distribution was launched in Washington, China, and began a number of layouts in 2010 after the reorganization with Shanghai; in 2010, the controlled Chinese medicine in Nakayama, Guangzhou, took over to South China, acquired 100% of Chinahealth system (later renamed the “Upper Pharmacy Park”) in 2011, and formally entered the North China market.
It became the "upprudent drug control" (Sinoshan medicine is the upper drug control subsidiary) and the "upper pharmaceutical park" with 15,188 integration platforms; and a strong introduction of national product varieties with 13,589 varieties over three years, with a national production ratio  2014-17: Beijing at the heart of the North, with acquisitions into Shaanxi, Nehungu, Rivers in 2014
South, Gilling, Liaoning, 2015, Heilong River, 2016; south, 14 years after the acquisition of the Hangzhou Kallen, Xu State Medicine, etc., to supplement the territory of China, the country has entered Yunnan and Guizhou. To this end, coverage has been completed in 21 provinces.
Top pharmaceutical holdings: Deep-deep-deep-dry-deep-deep-dry-deep-deep-deep-deep-draught-draught-draught-deep-draught-draught-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dang-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum.
Shanghai contributed more than 40% of the proceeds of the distribution business as a whole, and there has been a pattern of drugs and state-controlled bunkers, with limited scope for raising the market share of medicines. Zhejiang’s market share has increased since the merger and purchase of Karen, Hangzhou, in early 15 years, and the pace of mergers and acquisitions has temporarily slowed.
The pace of Jiangsu M&As has increased markedly, with 15 years of acquisition of Salt City, E-Hing, 16 years of town, 17 years of Xu County medicine, promising to challenge the second-largest market share of the South Pharmacy, and the strong position advantage of Anhui as the driving force behind China’s growth, but the company has not yet found a good opportunity to enter.
Accompaniment is the most effective way to boost growth in the East. Jiangxi’s former company, which was involved in the largest-ever joint venture – South China Medicine – was unable to reconcile its interests with the interests of another shareholder, the Jiangxi Medical Group, which is part of the General Technology Group, in September 15th.
In the first half of 2015, the Department set up a joint venture to manage the medicine. The company has a limited number of medicines in Jiangxi Namhua, which are partly operated by South China, while 51% of them are co-located.
The south-west region is now contributing only 2% of the revenue, Yunnan, Guizhou, and Sichuan are waiting for an opportunity.
Yunnan’s second-tier share is small, and there are significant opportunities for integration. Sun’s company has just been established in Guizhou in the second quarter of 17 years.
Upper Pharmacy Park: Expanding high-value consumption, sinking Chinese channels, and setting up the Northeast, the North-East region has a high concentration of drug distribution, and high-value consumption has become a central driver. Despite Hebei’s 16-year-old new subsidiary, state control, stone medicine, and Huayun have taken over drug distribution.
Almost 70% of the market share, but the consolidation of high-value waste is just beginning. The Chinese region is sinking, trying to enter the first echelon, contributing about 7% of its revenue, and is expected to grow faster than it has been in the north of the lake, where the company has been operating for 12 years.
The state, Tianmen, Enshi, Yellowstone, etc., has been involved for 16 years in the supply chain operation of Chuhan Hospital in North-Lu. The North-East region currently has a limited revenue contribution, with the third largest circulating business in Liaoning in 15 years, and has taken the lead.
The two-vote system has sunk, helped to raise the share of pure sales.  The two-vote system has now been implemented or partially implemented in nearly 50% of the country's markets, with 17.5% in the consultation phase, while the remaining provinces, Shanghai and Guangdong, have been able to move out of their internal discussions.
In this context, while formerly marketed enterprises at the local and municipal levels, which relied on the assignment, had a stronger incentive to join the national circulation network and were mostly able to hold shares in the original company and share dividends, there was also a tendency for hospitals to choose large enterprises with stable supply, leading to an increase in the concentration of hospital procurement.
In the end, the share of net sales in large companies has risen further. “Hospital joint pharmacies, dtp, chain pharmacies” three retail systems have responded to the outflow of prescriptions.
Unlike the natural separation of prescriptions and transfers in the United States, both China and Japan have experienced a period in which hospitals take on dual responsibilities and rely on the spread of drug prices, so the context of prescription outflows in Japan is more relevant to China.
In the context of Japan’s prescription flight, the price differentials in hospital medicines, the ratio of controlled drugs (which has been implemented in China) and the erosion of hospital benefits led to the establishment of out-of-hospital dispensaries in hospitals at an early stage, which, on the one hand, eased the distribution of medicines and, on the other hand, maintained control over prescriptions and was subsidized by government prescription fees. (For details, see the National Golden Day report.)
The upper-level retail system is adapted to the real situation of the outflow of prescriptions from China — the need for co-medical pharmacies and dtp disassembly hospitals — to become the first-ever route for prescriptions.
The joint hospital pharmacy, based on the current hospital pharmacy hosting strategy for upper medicines, has hosted 129 hospitals as of 2016. This is the most direct means of exit interception.
By 2015, there were 30 dotp pharmacies with an income of nearly 2.5 billion, and they are now integrated into the health of the drug cloud. By collecting outpatient prescriptions, patients are treated through supply chain finance.
Capacity to pay, distributed through the logistics system, creates a well-developed mode of prescription flow. 217,000 new electronic prescriptions by the end of 2016, an increase of 600 per cent over the same period; 30 additional docking hospitals nationwide.
▪ The chain of retail pharmacies is a long-term exit route for prescriptions, but the zero price of future medical prescriptions cannot meet the current Māori ratio of nearly 30% of chain pharmacies.
In 2010, the company identified 58 priority varieties, expanded to 64 in 13 and reduced to 60 in 15 years.
The Shanghai Medical Marketing Centre was established in 2013 to identify marketing agents for one (principal hospital self-employment terminal), two (precision agent) and three (principal retail terminal) Marketing of more than one marine pharmaceutical group pharmaceutical sales company, Inc., to operate the platform in a substantive manner
A marketing platform focusing on the four core areas of rheumatism, nerves, anaesthesia and cardiovasculars has been established in the three-dimensional, East English pharmaceutical industry and part of the first-life product, and synergies have been optimized from hospital development, academic outreach, market access, etc.
The marketing of two or more sea-based drug plants has been an operational entity, setting up an agency platform, and simultaneously initiating the integration of the new drug marketing system in Shanghai, a pilot subsidiary.
Marketing Ltd., as a sales entity company, has established a headquarters market access platform, relying on locally held commercial enterprises to establish eight main group access offices, four market access zones based on industrial enterprises, forming a “four-sector eight”
Innovative medicines, imitation of counterfeit drug inputs, into the stage of substantial progress, led by the central drug research institute platform, through dedicated contractual management of focused industrial research and development, pooling of focused research and development resources, building of shared laboratory platforms, creation of trust, common medicine, New Asia, Central and Western Asia
For 11 years, 25-30 per cent of research and development funding has been invested in innovative drugs, more than one hundred and twenty-four new light-sensitive drugs have been introduced into the clinical phase, and biological analogues and 1.1-classification drugs have been admitted to the clinical stage. (Figure 7)
The first imitation, “Injection of sodium Parishe” and “sulfur sulfate-rich” tablets, are in the production phase of the declaration, and are expected to hit the first echelon of national production. The “re-negotiation” is expected to contribute to the upgrading of the functions of the circulating business, and the generic drug is expected to benefit from the “consistency assessment.”
In the context of re-argumentation, the circulating enterprise assumes part of the agency's proxies, the "de-composition" and "re-argument" of the interests of the producing company and the health-care institution.
In the case of generic drugs, which are based on bulk binding and uniform discounts, the circulating company has some of the products in its possession, and in the case of special medicines, most of them are in the form of product contracts between the producing company and the hospital, with the participation of the circulating company.
In addition to this, hospitals are keen to enter into volume-based contracts, where discounts fluctuate according to overall usage, a model that is highly demanding for mobile enterprises, similar to the current mainstream hospital supply chain management model, and which is well above the distribution margin.
Consistency evaluation will further increase concentration, with firms that benefit most from a combination of the advantages of the two. The main differences can be found in the income structure of Japan's first and third model pharmaceutical enterprises.
The market share of earlier generics is in the market. Nichiiko, a daily medical worker, started in 2005 to determine sales patterns that depend on distributors, albeit at the expense of Māori (only 45%), but also makes the distribution of older products through channels much less sustainable and less expensive than self-employed and proximate towa.
There is sufficient research and development and financial capacity for the pharmaceutical industry to make a strong contribution to the evaluation of consistency, which is expected to benefit from the emergence of generic medicines.
Fifteen universities and R & D companies act as technical service providers, establish a procurement bank for pharmaceutical reference formulations in Shanghai, identify 32 species of intent and collaborate in clinical trials through a strategic framework agreement with 10 tri-a hospitals in Shanghai City.
Further expansion of intra-firm financing to $3.05 billion in 2016, directly reducing the reporting period.
The creation of an industry fund, privatization of vitacco or just the beginning of active initiation and participation in the Shanghai Healthcare Industry Equity Investment Fund, the United States White Pei-Sinve Investment Fund, No. 5, and the Shanghai Union Investment Fund, among others, have built on the future of capital.
In 2016, the company completed the privatization of the Australian listed company vitaco, which is expected to raise the income end of the industrial plate: based on the positive layout of the distribution business and the trend of the two-vote industry, we believe that the distribution business is expected to grow at a combined rate of 14 per cent over the next three years; the industrial plate draws on the vitaco matrix.
(short term), marketing of core varieties (medium term), business co-benefits of generic drugs (long-term) income increase  We believe that the drugs have been brought into the first echelons, both in circulation and industry, and are expected to grow steadily and to be rated “upgraded” against the backdrop of the current frequency of health reform policies.
▪ Poor outreach in distribution operations, poor expectations of improved marketing of core industrial varieties, non-recurring revenue stream Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, and then averaged final rating as average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the fundamentals of the enterprise, judging the results of a comparison of the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years with the average value of the firms listed in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.