The wind is pouring on the top of the conglomerates, the newcomers are looking at the head of business and industry, the Shanghai medicine.
In our strategy report of 21 December last year, we included Shanghai medicine in our annual ten-year gold unit, and in the month following.
Since then, two two two-vote-in-depth reports, dated 148016080019 and 24 January, have continued to be the first-ever drug in China, followed by a number of updates on the two-counting process and continued to focus on Shanghai medicine.
With more than 30 percent of the proceeds, how do we see drugs at this point? 1) Essentially, the industry and the company are turning: the logic of industrial integration will last for 23 years, and the new chairman of the board will bring new weather to the drug.
(b) The pharmaceutical business sector: benefiting from a sustained policy drive, the consolidation of the circulation sector will last two to three years, the company’s liquidity in both horizontal and vertical M&A opportunities, and the prospect of a future two-fold increase in income and growth in the Mäori rate. At zero, sales outlets are placed on dtp and electricity providers, and are expected to benefit from the outflow of prescriptions.
The pharmaceutical industry panel: We believe that the growth of the future corporate pharmaceutical industry module is mainly due to several aspects: (a) priority production; (b) the acceleration of the industrial plate; (c) the long logic of the consistency evaluation, which is ahead of schedule and does not come to benefit from redistribution in the stock market; and (c) the emphasis on product R & D, with R & D spending accounting for 5.4 per cent of revenues over 16 years.
From the point of view of the company, M&As continue to advance. From the point of view of the company, M&As are largely in line with Shanghai.
The requirements of the city mix, which is expected to move forward in the future, have a positive effect on the company’s operations.2 In terms of valuation, we believe that the firm’s absolute valuation and the relative depth of 300 valuation premiums can be considered absolute: the company’s current pe (ttm) has indeed reached a relatively high level in history after this round increase.
But at a time when the industry is facing a major turning point, the value of past unvalued commercial circulation operations should have been raised, currently 18.6 times as high as pe in 2017, and is still a low-value indicator in the pharmaceutical industry. Relative valuation: due to the market style of nine, the depth 300 index as a whole rose, despite previous drug performance.
Excellent, but valuation premium rates are still historically relatively low, with considerable scope for upswing. Benefiting from the consolidation of the circulation industry, it is expected that the growth rate of revenue and the increase in the Māori rate will double in the next three years, and that the industrial plate will grow steadily, driven by research and development (consistency evaluation plus new products) and marketing integration, adding up to the new management of the company.
The new weather, the expected strong M & As and the expected increase in the mix are expected to be both industry and company in general,1 Shanghai Medicine (601607); overall performance is expected to accelerate growth in pro-beneficiary two-vote distribution.
3. Shanghai Medicines (601607) Reported on Performance: The Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery
Shanghai Medicines (601607): The newcomer's new vision of business and industry is on the rise. In our strategy report issued on 21 December 2016, we incorporated Shanghai medicine into our annual ten-year gold unit. In the first time the two-vote national document was issued, on 9 January 2017, an in-depth report was issued, collating the two-vote system.
After the introduction of Chinese medicine to China's former life and the first commercial medicine, grass-roots research was carried out in Hunan, Zhejiang, Jiangsu and An Qi provinces, and on 24 January 2017 a second in-depth report was issued on the two-vote system, which summarized the logistics, ticket flow, cash flow in the pre- and post-prosecution model of the tradable industry and presented pharmaceutical companies and small cash flows.
The “prisoner dilemma” faced by the pharmaceutical company, the inevitable nature of the future choice to invest in mobile businesses, was also first calculated on 21 December of the year, with more than 30% of the proceeds so far, so what do we see at this point in time?
Medicine Business Block: Benefiting from continued policy advancement, the consolidation of the circulation sector will continue for two to three years (we have a clear timetable based on the roots of the grass-roots administration), the company ' s circulation business with horizontal mergers and acquisitions and vertical mergers and acquisitions, and the prospect of a future double hit in terms of income growth and Māori growth. The retail section is on dtp and electricity.
The future growth of the pharmaceutical industry is expected to be largely due to several aspects: the convergence of the management, marketing, research and development aspects of the pre-period, the growth of priority products and the growth of the industrial sector.
15.07 per cent increase in the number of priority varieties in the quarter; the logic of the consistency evaluation, with strong support from the Shanghai Municipality and strategic collaboration with 10 clinical institutions, which is ahead of schedule, with a higher number of reserves; and the synergies between business and industry in the company, which are significantly superior to China's control, with 16 years of industry.
Inter-ministerial revenues amounted to 16.80 per cent, and sustained growth in the industry would boost the growth of the industrial sector. Internal management of companies: new weather for companies following the arrival of the new chairman, Zhou Jun, and a marked acceleration in the pace of mergers and acquisitions, domestic mergers and acquisitions of commercial enterprises with two votes, foreign military exports in the health-care industry, acquisition of vitacco, more recently.
It's a message from a German pharmaceutical company, stada. From the company's point of view, it basically meets the requirements of the Shanghai market mix, and the future mix is expected to move forward, with positive effects on the company's operations.) From the valuation, we think that the firm's own absolute valuation and the relative depth of 300 valuations could spill over.
Absolute valuation: The company ' s current pe (ttm) is indeed relatively high in history after this round increase, but at a time when the industry is facing a major turning point, the value of past unvalued commercial circulation operations should have been raised, currently 18.6 times as high as in 2017, and is still undervalued within the industry.
Relative valuation: Due to the market’s nine styles, there has been an improvement in the total depth 300 index, and despite the excellent performance of the drug before, the valuation premium rate is still historically low, and there is still much room for upswing. From the fundamentals and valuation point of view, we believe that companies are still very suitable for long-line investment, and we give them a lot of room for improvement.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the Shanghai Medicines (601607): The newcomer's new vision of business and industry is on the rise, and figure 1: Shanghai medical history valuation (ttm) and relative depth of 300 valuation premiums
1. Shanghai Medicine: Centenary Pharmaceutical Company, Trans-business Pharmaceutical Carrier.
The main pharmaceutical business in Shanghai covers pharmaceutical R & D and manufacturing, pharmaceutical distribution and services, pharmaceutical retailing and electricity suppliers, and is leading the industry in the domestic pharmaceutical industry by maintaining a renewed focus on core resources in the industrial chain.
The company was founded in 1866 under the name “Seoul Pharmacy Plant”. The four companies first issued RMB 15 million in ordinary shares to the public in October 1993.
Equity, listed on 24 March 1994 at the Shanghai Stock Exchange. In July 1998, the company was reassembly of assets and assets of the former Shanghai Four Medicines Co. Ltd., under the Shanghai Medicines Company, Shanghai Medicines, Shanghai Pharmaceutical Industries, Inc., Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Industries, Inc., and Shanghai Tianping Pharmaceuticals.
On 29 January 2011, the merger of Shanghai Industries Medical Investment Co. Ltd. and Shanghai China West Pharmaceuticals Ltd. became the current Shanghai Medicines Group Ltd., the “New Tops” and, in May 2011, the company was listed on the Hong Kong United Exchange Ltd.
After nearly a century of historical baptism, Shanghai medicine today accumulates a deep corporate culture, a high reputation, and a great deal of customer resources. This provides the basis for Shanghai medicine’s business development.
1.2 Equity structure: A+h listed company, with the Shanghai National Finance Committee being the actual controlling party The controlling shareholder of the Shanghai National Finance Corporation is the Shanghai Medicines Group, which effectively controls the Shanghai Municipal State Finance Committee. Shanghai medicine is the only carrier in Shanghai’s medical business. Shanghai’s total stock is 2,688,910,538, of which a total share is 1.
923,016,618, or 71.52 per cent, h has a total equity of 765,893,920, or 28.48 per cent, of which is the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East Shanghai Medicines (601607), which is the wind of the wind and the wind of the conglomerates, and the new look of the industry and industry.
Figure 3: Shanghai pharmaceutical equity structure 1.3 Business structure: Trans-industrial business, industry chain-wide. Shanghai pharmaceutical main business covers pharmaceutical research and development and manufacturing, pharmaceutical distribution and services, pharmaceutical retailing and electricity suppliers.
Shanghai medicine is a well-connected marketed pharmaceutical company. The company’s research and development focuses mainly on neoplasms, innovative medicines and cardiovasculars, digestive systems, neuroneurological areas, anti-cancer, rheumatism, and diabetes.
The distribution network of companies directly covers 20 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of China and serves more than 25,000 medical services.
In the retailing of medicines, companies sell the highest volume of drugs in the national retailing industry, and the Shanghai Pharmacy House owns the highest number of pharmacies in the East China region. Retailing operations cover 16 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the country.
As a 100-year-old company, Shanghai medicine has a brand of famous products. The company has 20 brands that are famous or famous.
In addition to this, the company is authorized to use the Chinese logo, “Yingbao”, “Hu Qingyu” and “Hu Xingyu”
Figure 4: Business brands under Shanghai Medicine
In order to facilitate the operation of the various fields of operation, Shanghai Medicine has established a number of subsidiaries, and has undertaken a large number of external extensions and acquisitions to further refine the layout of the whole section. Among them, the upper drug control unit and the upper pharmaceutical park are the core subsidiaries in the distribution area; the upper medicine institute is the core subsidiary in the research and development field; and there are a large number of industrial affiliates, including Nakhixi, Shanghai.
At the same time, the company has been involved in a number of well-known pharmaceutical companies, including Shanghai Lodge, Shanghai Shuubao, Jinmura, etc. Figure 5: Shares of important subsidiaries and shares in various fields of medicine in Shanghai
A steady growth in performance, business and industry co-development A five-year compound growth in operating income of 17.08 per cent since 2011 has been achieved.
With corporate overall business and management adjustments, future growth in corporate income is expected to be stable. Shanghai medicine will have greater scope for development in the future, based on the impact of political dividends such as double-counting.
Figure 6: Shanghai Medicine Business Income 2010-2016 and Growth, in line with Shanghai Medicine's latest “333+1” plan, which aims to raise operating income by 150 billion dollars in 2018, and double the size of the revenue in 2018 compared to 2015, i.e. 200 billion in 2020 and compound the income in five years
Initiatives such as the exploration of new businesses to achieve this goal. “333+1” is a ten-year vision, three-year plan, a year’s launch of the East’s financial and intellectual boom, and companies will focus on the Internet+and the health industry, leading to the advancement of intellectual manufacturing and intelligence services.
Synchronizing resources, innovation-driven, endogenous and extragenerous advances towards sustainable and healthy development of medicine in Shanghai.1.5 Business and industry are developing in tandem, and effectiveness is clear. Shanghai pharmaceutical and industry synergies are significantly better than Chinese medicine and national drug holdings.
The proportion of inter-branch transactions in pharmaceutical holdings (Note: Inter-branch transactions in national drugs can be reflected in modern drug-to-national drug-related transactions) was 2,082 million yuan in 2016, representing 16.8 per cent of industrial income, significantly higher than 11.6 per cent in Chinese medicine and 4.3 per cent in national drug control units.
Table 1: Income between the three major distribution companies, industrial divisions
On 20 October 2016, the Shanghai Medicines Assembly held an interim stockholders ' meeting to select Zhou Jun as Shanghai Medicines ' Sixth Board.
Executive Director, Vice-President, in charge of capital and investment, head of the Industrial Acquisition and Infrastructure Business Cell, and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Upper Capital Building and of the Executive Environmental Directors of Singapore ' s listed companies.
In Shanghai, over the past 20 years, Zhou Jun has accumulated considerable experience in financial investment, acquisitions and mergers, real estate, and business management, organizing, leading and participating in nearly 20 large-scale mergers and acquisitions, as well as more than 10 equity and project investments, including four listed companies.
In 1997, Zhou’s entry into Shanghai’s group soon led to the acquisition of Shanghai Union Business and served as Deputy Director-General and Secretary-General. The acquisition was one of the first successful cases of reorganization of the Chinese securities market, and then led the preparation of the Shanghai Joint Business Development Strategy, moving from the traditional textile industry to medicine and real estate, and promoting equity financing.
In view of Zhou's vast experience and leadership in M & As and the power of his post-Shanghai medicine in M & A, Zhou's role as Chairman of the Shanghai Medicine Board has helped in the internationalization of Shanghai Medicines. After Zhou's role as Chairman of the Board, Shanghai Medicine quickly completed the acquisition of the Australian Vitacco Corporation. Vitacco is a brand that runs nutrition and health-care products.
The Shanghai pharmaceutical industry, a company that develops, produces, sells goods, bought 60% of vitaco in cash for about RMB 930 million. The current Shanghai medicine has a management team that grew up from the upper medicine and is also a rejuvenated team. Since 2012, Shanghai medicine has been replaced by four directors.
In January, four new young managers were appointed to Shanghai Medicine, with an average age of 45 years. Zhou's arrival and the current Shanghai Medical Corps, which is young, comprehensive, international in nature, are expected to lead the further development of Shanghai Medicines in the future. Table 2: Shanghai Medicine Executive Information
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, 2.2 state reform and new opportunities, and the prospect of a new workforce.
2.2.1 State reform continues to warm up, and Shanghai is the leader of the reform process. Starting in 2016, state reform has been in a state of heat, and 2017 will be the year of state reform, with continued central and local progress.
On November 15, 2013, the Decision of the Plenary of the 18th Session of the 18th Session of the General Assembly, which proposed the deepening of the reform of State-owned enterprises, marked the beginning of the third round of reform of State-owned enterprises, the year 2017-2018 is expected to usher in a wave of reform of State-owned enterprises in terms of current progress.
In 2015, five of China’s top 20 pharmaceutical industry firms were state companies. On a scale, state-owned pharmaceutical companies gained a certain advantage. Although pharmaceutical companies are far less efficient than private companies, pharmaceutical companies are generally listed.
There is a good “resource plus brand” advantage, and there is much room for improvement if the system’s dividends can be released through state-owned reforms. Shanghai’s capital companies are large, with a total profit of $30.58 billion in 2016, with a total profit of about one-quarter of all local state-owned enterprises in China.
16.8 trillion, or one fifth of all locally regulated enterprises in China.Shanghai has since 2013 produced the Observations on Further Strengthening Shanghai State Finance Reforms to Promote Enterprise Development (Shanghai 20) and a number of ideas on the promotion of the active development of a mixed ownership economy by the city ' s state-owned enterprises.
Documents such as the " Pilot " , which identify the main objectives of the State capital reform in Shanghai, i.e., after three to five years of progress, basically complete the reform of the corporate system of State-owned enterprises, other enterprises, apart from the clear need for State-owned enterprises to remain wholly owned by the State, are the source of financial prosperity in the East.
On February 16, 2017, Shanghai City held a workshop for state-owned companies.
In the reform of Shanghai’s state companies, Shanghai medicine’s upper group is classified as an investment group among competing companies. Shanghai medicine is the only vehicle for Shanghai’s pharmaceutical business, and it is the leading pharmaceutical enterprise in Shanghai’s public capital system.
The reform of state companies could bring policy dividends to Shanghai medicine. East’s financial and intellectual booming source, 2.2.2, meets the criteria for a pilot employee’s shareholding, which is expected to advance in the future.
Shanghai medicine is largely in line with the selection criteria for the first Shanghai-owned pilot companies, although not in the first Shanghai-based firms, and its follow-up will be at the forefront of the Shanghai-based reforms. The Shanghai-based strategy is to actively develop a mixed ownership economy, accelerate the reform of the entrepreneurship-based stock system.
In January 2017, the Shanghai State Finance Committee, the Shanghai Finance Office, the Shanghai Financial Services Office and the Shanghai Certification Authority jointly issued a circular on the implementation of the first pilot project on the holding of shares of employees of local State-owned mixed ownership enterprises in the city.
In Shanghai, a pilot employee holding scheme for local state-owned mixed ownership enterprises will select the first group of 5 to 10 enterprises for the first pilot, under the following conditions. With the exception of “Directors recommended by non-public capital shareholders on the company’s board of directors” it is not fully compatible with the conditions.
As the main pharmaceutical enterprise in Shanghai’s financial system, Shanghai medicine is in line with the first employee holding pilots, although it is not in the first round, and the chances of follow-up are still high. Shanghai medicine is not available if there is further progress in employee holding.
There will be a major improvement in the efficiency of business.
3.1 Distribution operations: The flow of medicines is dominated by the Chinese East, the national layout is accelerating at 3.1.1 against the United States, and the concentration of the circulation sector can increase in space. In recent years, the pace of growth in the country ' s medicine circulation industry has gradually moved into a period of steady growth.
The model grew from $336 billion in 2006 to $161.3 billion in 2015, with an annual compound increase of approximately 19.43%. Compared to the United States, the market size of the United States pharmaceutical circulation industry grew from less than $10 billion in 1980 to $140 billion in 2000, with annual compound growth of 15.66%; and during a period of steady growth, its market size
For the United States, the overall market share of several of the country’s major drug-flowing enterprises remains low. Despite a trend of convergence in the circulation sector since 2011, with the first three drug-flowing firms growing each year, in 2015 it rose from about 30% to 96% in 2016, and there is much room for increasing domestic-flow concentration in the future.
Figure 10: Percentage of the top three municipalities in the country in the circulation of medicines, 2015 Figure 11: Percentage of the top three municipalities in the country in the circulation of medicines, 3.1.2 Integration of the circulation sector into the redistribution of the stock market
In recent years, there have been subversive changes in the field of medicine, using the 2016 Shandong vaccine incident as a trigger, and the corresponding ministries, such as cfda, to strictly regulate the order of business operations and to combat illegal drug purchases, followed by the publication of document No. 94 and the new gsp, as well as the two-vote system, the re-establishment of the camp, etc., which are closely linked to the circulation sector.
On 9 January 2017, eight ministries and departments of the State Council issued a joint press release, the Health and Planning Commission, the Cfda Commission, and the CDRC, among others.
Circular on the introduction of a two-vote system in the procurement of medicines in public health-care institutions (testing), which proposes that in 11 Eastern sources of wealth and wisdom, Shanghai medicine (6016007): "Standing up to the top of the conglomerates, newcomers are looking forward to a new wave of business and industry."
The pilot provinces (districts, municipalities) and public hospitals reform pilot cities are to take the lead in introducing a “two-vote system” and encourage other districts to implement a “two-vote system” that will be fully operational throughout the country by 2018. To date, there are Fukuchi, Anhui, Qinghai, Chongqing, Shanxi, Ningxia, Sichuan, Beijing, Hunan, Hebei,
The 16 provincial administrations of Hainan, Shanxi, Liaoning, Gansu, Zhejiang, Inner Mongolia and others have published a clear time frame for the implementation of the two-vote system, and we have judged that the year 2017-2018 will be the first year of the two-vote system, which will certainly accelerate the integration and concentration of pharmaceutical businesses.
Figure 12: Implementation of the two-vote system in the provinces: Figure 13: Current status of the two-vote system in the provinces (as of 5.16)
Figure 14: The provincial two-vote implementation axis, based on the policy context of the two-vote system and the upgrading of the mobile sector, is in the process of increasing its concentration and integration, which is conducive to the development of large players such as medicine in Shanghai.
In our view, the opportunities for business giants in the future two-count system can be divided into two areas: (1) horizontal mergers and acquisitions, with a wider range of channels, as reflected in the expansion of revenue size on the corporate statements; and (2) vertical mergers and acquisitions, with a shift to pure sales, with a significant increase in the Māori ratio (Mäori 2-3 per cent allocation and Mäori 7-8 per cent net sales).
In view of the transition period of about six months for the implementation of the two-vote system in the provinces, we believe that the end of 17 and the year 2018 will be the year of M&As in the circulation industry, and we judge that in the future there will be a 3+1+x competition pattern in the provinces, with the number of mobile enterprises falling from 13,000 in 15 years or to 3,000 in 18 years, while the top 10 enterprises will have a ratio or will have a future.
The distribution business, which is the backbone of Shanghai medicine, is the third largest distribution business in the country. It is in the forefront of the industry in terms of variety size, network layout, supply programme, and new business development.
The country's distribution network is radiated, medical institutions are fully covered, Shanghai medicine continues to improve the layout of the country's commercial network and the construction of provincial platforms, in addition to the deep-seated and heavily covered China, China, China, China, China and China.
In 2016, the company entered the Yunnan and Heilongjiang regions and currently has a distribution network of medicine in Shanghai covering 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the country, including by holding shares.
The Department directly covers 20 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the country.
When the new drugs were reorganized in 2010, the company’s distribution plate was mainly concentrated in the East China region. Subsequently, the public administration continued to consolidate the market position of the East China region through mergers, acquisitions, cooperation, etc., while entering the South China Market and the North China City. In 2016, 66.61% of all distribution regions were sold in the East China region and 66.61% in the North China region.
For 27.26 per cent, the share of sales in the South China region was 5.18 per cent. 60.79 per cent of hospital net sales in 2016.
In 2016, the company completed an investment of $1.098 billion in fixed assets, mainly for adaptation, upgrading of manufacturing capabilities, and building medical logistics. Building on national logistics centres such as Shanghai, Beijing, China, China, China, South China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, South, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, South, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, South, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
Logistics centres are being built to promote the standardization of services within distribution logistics systems, with drug flows becoming the country’s first country-level standardization of pharmaceutical logistics services. Companies seize the opportunity of a two-vote national system, accelerate the deployment of provincial platforms and accelerate the development of integrated information, procurement, logistics, and financial platforms.
Figure 17: Shanghai Medical Distribution Logistics Network
There are 1,332 hospitals at the mid-level level and 586 at the Centers for Disease Prevention and Control.The Upper Pharmacy Holdings Ltd. (formerly known as the Upper Pharmacy Distribution Controls Ltd.) and the Shanghai Park Shinhai Medicines Ltd. are the main subsidiaries of Shanghai Medicines responsible for the distribution of medicines.
25.7 billion yuan, or 94.72 per cent of the total distribution business.
In the distribution business, the company’s main competitors are Chinese medicine and national drug holdings. The company now directly covers fewer provinces than Chinese medicine and national drug holdings, and it is hoped that in the future it will be able to quickly complete its placement in a blank area with a two-counting opportunity.
Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Shanghai Pharmacy Park Shinhai Heilongjiang Medical Co. Ltd., Upper Pharmacy Holdings, Upper Pharmacy Holdings and Jiangxi Medicine Co. Ltd., Upper Pharmacy and North China Medicines Co. Ltd., and three pharmaceutical companies, including Hubei Chuhan Fine Medicine Co. Ltd., have expanded their distribution networks from 18 to 20 in the province and are expected to expand their coverage to 20 in the city.
In the first quarter of 2017, the company completed the merger and purchase of Xuzhou Medicines with limited shares and Xu Huai Pharmacy Ltd., which accelerated further, with Xu State Medicines with limited shares ranked 73rd in the 100th largest pharmaceutical wholesaler in 2015, with a 15-year income of $1,631 million.
The strong growth in outward M&As will help Shanghai pharmaceutical distribution to achieve both a higher income rate and a higher Mäori rate. First, in terms of revenue growth, the outward M&A will lead to greater distribution area coverage, thus boosting the score.
The growth of marketing operations has boosted income growth. And in terms of the Māori rate, under the influence of policies such as double-counting, upstream firms are more likely to entrust varieties to distributors with a wealth of resources, and some of the company’s transfers will shift to pure sales, contributing to an increase in Māori rates.
In addition to active distribution services for vaccines and high-value waste materials, companies are actively engaged in innovative operations such as spd to ensure the sustainability of distribution.
Spd (hospital logistics extension) is the most important component of medical intelligence logistics, guaranteed by quality management, with process optimization at its core, allowing medical-related products such as medicines, consumables, appliances and equipment to be supplied, sorted, distributed and distributed through the various supply, distribution and distribution links between companies, hospitals, departments and patients through information technology and smart facility equipment
As hospitals become more enterprise-oriented, they increasingly consider their own cost benefits. On the corporate side, such as China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, it will be more profitable to work more closely with hospitals, given their capital and size advantages.
The development of Chinese medicine in Shanghai will be a powerful boost to the growth of its distribution business.
3.2 Retail operations: Expiration of prescriptions, cloud-based development of the chain of prescriptions, increased distribution of pharmacy terminals to break down the pattern of “medicated medicine”.
The share of real pharmacies in the country’s drug-end markets is about 20%, in hospitals about 80%, in contrast to 80% of physical pharmacies abroad, and 20% of medical institutions. The main reason for this pattern of sales is the country’s public hospitals.