The Sanya Free City has been expanded and the vanguard's advantage has continued to be consolidated, and according to the public number 10.24, the company's fully-owned subsidiary, a joint venture formed to save investment and ancient properties, has succeeded in building a State-owned area of ht05-08-01 on the shores of the Sanya Sea Bay State.
The third phase of the Sanya Free City in China has been expanded, and the synergies of high-quality businesses have been highlighted.
At a distance of only 1 km, covering an area of about 200,000 m2, the project plans to bring the island bodies, natural resources and commercial neighbourhoods closer together and to create a high-end international portfolio of cultural tourism with a view to bringing together high-end retailing, the Libra and cultural and artistic scenes; and plans to use footwalks with the Bay of Seamarks.
1. The Third Asian Free City has resumed operations, with the economic recovery of the off-island economy, the synergy between duty-free shopping and the consumption of high-end refined products, and the region ' s competitiveness has been further enhanced.
2. According to the Hainan Province Department of Commerce, the number of duty-free arrivals from the island amounts to 270,000.
3. The Sanya Airport Shop was reactivated and the number of international flights remained unchanged at 1739/831, respectively, affected by the partial urban travel restrictions and sporadic outbreaks in the south of the sea, compared with 36/64 per cent, but the ring increased by 90/534 per cent compared to September, with a positive overall recovery trend.
Seagate Free City is about to open, hopefully leading to a return to the flow of passengers and high-end consumption.
In-house brand names, fashion sections include Ysl, Prada, burgberry, Balenciaga, etc. Luxuries and designer brands, the fragrance block has the largest global retail area and the best brand, and provides consumers with innovative interactive experiences such as virtual trial makeup, exclusive customization, fragrant classrooms, and star shows.
Beyond this, the Seagate Free City has been set up as a low-end experience, and China has been an intelligent life complex, bringing immersion shopping experiences to consumers. The Seaport Free City’s grand opening is expected to accelerate the return of passenger flows to the island.
The company’s ability to operate at the same time as the card-flow highlands is expected to increase the share of the two major projects and H-stock listings in Seagate Free City + Seagate Bay Phase 2. In retrospect, it is determined that the company will be able to operate more rapidly and repeatedly in the country and abroad, and that new projects will not operate as expected.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment