On October 29th, 2022, the q3 outbreak, which affected the flow of passengers, began to produce marginal improvements.
The third quarter of 2022 was released, the epidemic affected the first quarter more than the South China passenger flow: 11,714 million, yoy-16.2 per cent, the net parent.
In the third quarter, the epidemic affected the city of Heinando, where several duty-free shops have been temporarily shut down for varying periods of time. In the third quarter, Melanes Airport has seen 2.246 million passenger traffic (60 per cent in the same period last year and 40 per cent in the same period in 19).
Three quarters of San Phoenix Airport has 1.93 million passenger currents (60% of the same period last year, 43% of the same period in 19). Corporate income as a whole has fallen better than the drop in passenger flows.
The Māori rate is lower than tax-free because sales through online channels are subject to taxes, and tariffs and fees are mostly charged to operating costs. The single q3 Māori rate drops to the point where the government actively distributes tourism vouchers, and Seaport International Free City opens on October 28th, and is expected to catalyze it.
On October 27, the Hainan Province government released 53 million tourist vouchers to attract tourists from outside the island during the season. On October 28, the world’s largest single-body free shop, cdf Seagate, was officially opened with a retail area of 150,000 square metres.
Governments and tax-free traders are expected to work together to accelerate the recovery of Hainan Island. It is reiterated that with the launch of the New Seaport International Free City project, more than 90% of the upper island's traffic is on the way, and the share is on the way.
China Free China (601888)  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Based on the current tracking of China's tourist arrivals to the island, China's data match expectations and focus on China's international exemption
The tax city’s start-up, the catalyzing of the Hainan cruise, the liberalization of the regulations, the resumption of international routes, has helped to expand the size of the retail tourism sector again. The market is strong, and the new off-island tax-free shop will be concentrated in 2022/2023.
The short- and long-term impact of the epidemic will not change the medium- to long-term trend.
The opening of an international tax-free city is about to set up a new standard for the development of the world's retail tourism industry.
In China, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC), Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has an investment advisory committee on securities.