China Free Trade and Retail (601888) runs short-term obligations, and the opening of new shops is expected to lead to rapid rehabilitation of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
The epidemic has led to physical restrictions on operations. The outbreak in Hainan Province, 2022q3, especially in Sanya, has been repeated, with 7.4 million overnight visitors throughout the province in July-September, a 34.5 per cent decline compared to the previous period, and the company’s main powerhouse. The closure of Sanya International Free City for more than 40 days has had a significant impact on operations and a significant decline in profits.
Faced with a critical external environment, companies have actively taken effective measures to mitigate the adverse effects of the epidemic, and have been active online, focusing on member system operations, with over 24 million no-memberships as of the last three quarters, maintaining a good momentum for online operations.
Because the base of the cost of sales was lower during the same period in 2021, owing to the rent reduction at the airport; the administrative rate rose by 1.1 to 4 per cent over the same period; the financial cost increased by 0.4 to 0.7 per cent over the same period. • The largest single-body duty-free shop in the world was opened with the prospect of rapid rehabilitation. On 28 October, the company was located in Haiguchi.
The Cdf Seagate International Free City project is officially operational at the West Coast Sub-City Center. The project’s main traffic hub, the new seaport, is a two-wheel-drive, duty-free business portal, with more than 800 internationally recognized brands.
In addition to providing a marginal increase in company performance, the city was opened to balance the company’s regional focus in Hainan.
The first day of operation, the company's sales in the Hainan region amounted to $700 million a day, and Seagate International Free City is expected to be the new growth pole of the company's profits.
Short-term disadvantages have limited impact, and with the stabilization of the epidemic control and the opening of a new shop at Haiguchi, it is expected that the situation will be fast-tracked.
The long-term advantage (2021-10-31) has not been, and will not be, obtained directly or indirectly from any form of compensation as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.