Tourism retailii The epidemic continues to perturb the performance, and the opening of the new seaport is expected to take place in China (601888).
The company published three quarterly reports: 39,364 million yuan per year per year in the first three quarters of 2022.
Operation 03 remained resilient, and the decline in the Māori rate was influenced by an increase in the share of gross domestic product (GDP) on the line, which lasted more than 40 days, with a significant increase in the closure period from 02, which was the main reason for the significant disruption in sales progress and the decline in profits. In response to the impact of the epidemic, the company, on the one hand, was on-line selling pairs.
Lower downstream passenger flows, on the other hand, further strengthen cost-control. As a result of business results, the q3 Māori ratio has been affected by an increase in the share of online tax sales, which has fallen by 9.5 pct to 24.7% over q2, and we believe that the company’s sales progress and profitability levels are expected to recover faster.
On the morning of October 28, the company operated the world’s largest single-body duty-free shop, the Cdf Seagate International Free City. The project was located in the West Coast sub-centre of Haiguchi, close to an important traffic hub at the sea port.
The new seaport is a two-wheel-drive tourism retail complex driven by duty-free commerce. According to corporate disclosure, the China-South region sold more than $700 million per day on 28 October, more than double the highest sales ever made on a single day.
The project, which has attracted more than 800 well-known national and international brands, as well as leading designs within the tax-free city, is relatively deep at 300, and the project is expected to become a top-of-the-line card-mark for seashore business, leisure travelers and future performance.
Catalysing, such as tax-free shop policies, with companies still seeing more growth in the medium to long term, maintaining a “recommended” rating, company tracking - China (60188.sh); q3 fundamental turning points established that profit improvements + expansion of capacity are expected to unleash growth momentum
Company Tracking - China (60188.sh): Exploited by the wind and duty-free, optimized United States securities, joined China's Galaxy securities in July 2022.
I undertake to present this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.