Sino-Yishan Signals Head, Chinese Central Bank (601888.sh) Sales under the shock line, opening of Haiguchi International Free City to improve the distribution of Hainan's duty-free business.
On October 30, 2022, O3 ' s net interest rate fell mainly as a result of an outbreak in Hainan mainland in August, with a duty-free store on the island \triangleright
(a) Market data: multi-day closed shops (for over 40 days in Sanya International Free City) have had a significant impact on sales below the line;
Highest/minimum in the year: Decline in comparison: and, during the same period last year, Hainan regional affiliates benefited from corporate income tax benefits, capital airport rents, shares in circulation a/total equity (billions):
The base figure is lower as a result of rent concessions at the capital airport; management costs 3.98% (+1.12 pct) and financial costs 0.73% (+0.42 pct). New shop construction, consolidation of supply chain advantages to mitigate the adverse effects of the epidemic.
The city opened on October 28, with its first day in revenue of $700 million, has now introduced more than 800 items, will introduce more than 1,000 brands in the future, and will continue to improve the management of the Hainan tax-free business.
Port tourism retail market. At the same time, building on the advantages of the supply chain, the Hainan International Logistics Centre is now operational, adding 50,000 square metres of storage space, improving commodity abundance and logistics distribution efficiency.
The gradual recovery of the Hainan passenger flow, and the successive resumption of international routes in favour of the expansion of the retail tourism sector are accelerating again. With the opening of the Seagate International Free City, the start-up of the Sanya Sea Bay Phase 2 project and the successful distribution of the Ports Unit, the company’s market position continues to be strong and medium- and long-term.
Reactivation of release performance is expected to benefit the company as a retail leader for tourism, across provinces and outbound trips. Residents are expected to consume less than expected; exchange rate fluctuations; and tax exemption policy change risks. \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.