The epidemic has affected the growth of the business start-up of new projects: the company recently published its third quarterly report, 2022, and the company achieved operating income in the first three quarters.
The epidemic affected the company’s overall performance. During the last three quarters, the domestic epidemic repeatedly affected Hainan, where, according to the Bureau of Statistics, the flow of people leaving the island fell by 26.7% on a year-to-month basis.
In order to make up for the damage caused by the epidemic, the company continues to do a lot of hard-line business, tilts the supply line, innovates the marketing line, organizes multiple intra-employee purchases of total equity/flow (million shares)
Ten thousand people, growing by about 2 million in three quarters alone. Corporate online platforms are continuously integrated and optimized, and building platforms leads to better user experience.
On the one hand, the epidemic affects the opening of shops and the flow of customers, but on the other hand, the fixed-cost part of the gate is not the same in China (601888). On the other hand, tax sales on the line have increased the Māori rate.
The q3 RMB exchange rate is higher than China ' s (601888), and China ' s China is free of depth.
Report: Global Retail Leap of Tourism, the advantage rate is almost the same as q2. Operating cash flows have continued to flow since this year, but companies have continued to consolidate their position in August - 2022/10/20.
On October 28, the company Haiguchi International launched its tax-free city project, bringing 44,000 people into business on the day of the opening, saving Hainan's sales.
Seven hundred million dollars. The company developed an in-house scavenger payment program to alleviate the lack of capacity at peaks. The company’s three-phase 2 site project, and the two-phase 3 airport project are continuing and are expected to open in 2023. In October, the company announced that it would cooperate in the development of the Bay of the Sea.
In addition, the company’s dutyzero brand has opened two new city reading stores in Hong Kong’s gold sector and in Copper Dwayne Bay, which continue to expand the retail tourism market in Hong Kong.
Investment Recommendations: In the medium and long term, the core advantages of the exemption remain the same, the impact of the short-term epidemic is gradually being repaired, and the company's advantages in terms of channels, warehousing logistics, supply chains, etc., are being consolidated. We continue to look to avoid being a leader in the tourism retail sector.
The impact of the epidemic on the growth of the start-up contribution of the new project, the impact of the epidemic on the growth of the start-up contribution of the new project, the Institute, the Institute for the Advancement of Women, the Institute for the Advancement of Women, the United Nations Institute for Training and Research, the United Nations Institute for Training and Research, the United Nations Institute for Training and Research, the United Nations Institute for Training and Research, the United Nations Institute for Training and Research, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, the Office for Human Rights, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, the Office of Human Rights, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.