The new seaport was launched on 30 October 2022, with revenues of about 7-7.5 billion (of which 30 per cent or more was sold on the Hainan Line) in the south q3 area.
The decline in financial costs is mainly due to the company's active response to exchange rate changes, which reduces the cost The company's active response to the impact of the q3 outbreak, the continued strength of the online, door, and supply chains.
Liu Wenzheng has responded in three ways: one is on the Focus Line, where, as of 2022, q3, the number of exempted members is over 24 million, and the membership base is built on a neutral flow convergence platform; and the company is increasing the supply of goods on the Line.
The second is the promotion of the gate, the third quarter of 2022, the opening of the international tax-free city on October 28th, and the start of the first day of sales; and the company's dutizero product, Sin Zehee.
In Hong Kong, two new intra-city concept stores have been opened in the Central Ring and Copperway Bay; the third is to upgrade supply chain advantages. The South China S01052111001 international logistics centre has been launched in one phase, adding 50,000 square metres of storage space, and the logistics delivery has greatly improved efficiency.
On October 28, 2022, the city of Hainan was officially opened, inspired and driven by the opening of the store, and the free market in Hainan Island was set to explode. The city gathers more than 800 internationally recognized brand names, including the first of 25 Hainan tax-free stores.
1. On the opening day, the China Central Free City of Hainan came into business.
It's clear that we're looking forward to the opening of the new seaport of the Seagate, where the flow is always high, and where the capacity of the Gulf of the Sea, the Plaza of the Sun and the airport duty-free shop is nearing its limits, and where it's 2022/08/31.
As a result, the opening of the new seaport will effectively sustain the high-season demand and significantly boost the company’s performance. The first quarter of the year, in 2009, saw a steady growth in performance, a sustained level of discounts controlled, and a firm attitude to “efficiency in management.”
For example, the discount is based on two discounts of 20% and a discount of 7.2%. 3. China's Central Free (601888), China. The contrast between the intuitive discounts is weak in the Sun and Moon Square and other duty-free operators in the industry.
In 2022, even under the influence of the epidemic, China was declared exempt by the Chinese Communist Party (601888).
Investment Recommendations: The current pattern of China’s competition has not changed in terms of the competitive patterns of supply chain advantages or business patterns, and the competitive patterns of its races have not been destroyed. The epidemic has not had a significant impact on the profit logic, and the flow of visitors has increased at a rate of 2022/01/15.
I'm going to be an effective boost to the company's performance. With the operation of the new sea port at Haiguchi, the company reported in 2022 that China (601888) reported that Hainan's passenger flow or continued upturns, and the value of the configurations became more visible.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.