The outbreak disturbed short-term performance, and the opening of the free city of Haiguchi was a hot one, and China reported three quarters of 2022: the company issued its three-quarter report in 2022.
Billion dollars, a decline of 77.96 in the same year. In August/September, China’s passenger flow fell sharply, and Sanya’s tax-free shop was briefly closed, leading to a small drop in revenue. The larger decline in earnings was mainly due to the same higher base as last year’s tax fees and rent run-backs.
The Seagate International Free City was opened to complete the layout of its key points in Hainan. On October 28, 2022, the Company opened the Sea. On October 28, 2022, the Seagate International Free City was opened to complete the layout of the main points of entry and exit.
Large single-body duty-free shops, Seagate duty-free cities, over 800 brands, over 280,000 square metres of construction, and the design of a high-luxury home shop with close to 4,000 square metres, are expected to attract a large number of international front-line brands and upgrade the location of duty-free shops. According to the Hainan daily newspaper, quoted from the Hainan Department of Commerce, Sea of October 28th.
The company announced on October 24 that it had invested in a three-year project with a fully-owned company that was actually controlled by the ancient properties.
China-China Free-Accord Investment Development Ltd. has successfully won land tenure of 207,488.44 square metres of State-owned construction, east of the Toto Bridge Road, north of the Ryuk Road in Sanya City, Hainan Province. The land is located behind the Tijuana Free City II Rivermin Island project, which was built.
The short-term epidemic is a temporary pressure on performance, but the company's long-term logic remains unchanged.
Encryption, which may divert the tax-exempt population. (2) The new coronary epidemic repeats itself: a repeat of the internal silo epidemic may lead to local quiet management and restrict visitors’ access. (3) Macroeconomic fluctuations: macroeconomic fluctuations may inhibit the overall consumer demand of the population, leading to a decline in the demand for tax-free shopping, etc.
(4) Policy changes: There is still a significant gap between China and China in the pre-epidemiology period, and changes in immunization policies can have a direct impact on passenger flows. The rating system's “market index” refers to a depth of 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.