Short-term outbreak disturbance pending release of performance elasticity - 3-quarterly review of China's China Central Avoidance (60188.sh)
The impact was more pronounced, with the Hainan epidemic in August and September having the greatest impact on the company’s operations. 9.4615 million visitors, or yoy-34.21 per cent, were received in Hainan Province in July-September 2022, with only 183.79/158.2 million in August/September, affected by the epidemic, and the company’s downside in the previous three quarters.
The business has been shut down several times and has been under pressure, but it has maintained a profit for the q3 quarter, and the company has continued to improve its efficiency, adding business ups and ups and ups, showing greater business resilience. Ailing by the epidemic, the Māori rate is under short-term pressure.
The decline in the Māori rate has been mainly due to the decline in the share of under-houses affected by the epidemic, the low Māori rate of online operations, tax concessions, rent concessions at the capital airport, and the higher net profit base over the same period last year, which led to a sustained breakthrough in the first three quarters of the company tax-exempt project and the consolidation of market advantages.
China Central Free (60188.sh): The scale of market expansion on financing, enhanced supply cooperation among cornerstone investors, and the opening of the Hainan off-island tax-exempt city of Haiguchi International on 28 October, which was over 800
One brand, including the first entry of 25 Hainan tax-free shops and 78 Hainan duty-free cdfs.
(ii) Teen-Collaborative Project: 24 October, exempt from investment in fully-owned subsidiaries of the company and Tegucigalpa.
The joint venture formed by the real estate subsidiary succeeded in winning the Sanya Bay State-owned land use rights for good. 2022.01.22 The three-phase project for the development of the Sanya tax-free city, which is expected to be phased in from 2024 and is expected to be in line with the sea
2022.01.14 The first phase and second phase of the project are coordinated to further refine the tax-free brand matrix and consolidate the company.
Tax Free Carrier, Towards Global 2022.01.14 Looking ahead, the long-term growth logic of the company remains unchanged: 1) New projects are advancing steadily: China Sea Free City opened its first day with excellent passenger flows and sales, Sanya Bay 3 projects with Tai
Ancient cooperation is expected to maximize the advantages of the ancients in terms of recruitment, creating complementarities of resources, and further enrichment of the branding and experience of the new store, with the prospect of a further expansion of the free market share. (ii) On mid-28, the number of independent visitors to the city was 2 million, up from an all-time high, with a high number of shopping people.)
120 million, sales over $500 million, companies operating online early in the aftermath of the epidemic, showing a bright future, and as membership expands, it is expected that the leadership will be consolidated. 3) The strength of the supply chain will continue to be consolidated: the International Logistics Centre in Hainan will be operational in the first phase, adding 50,000 square metres of storage space and increasing commodity wealth.
In the aftermath of the epidemic, companies focus on in-house refining, improving supply chain management from the logistics, warehousing and distribution side, operating more efficiently and increasing business resilience on a continuous basis.
New corporate projects are breaking out, domestic market advantages are expanding, corporate stock is on the market, and overseas markets are opening up, along with decreasing outbreaks, expected improvements, new shop openings and tightening risks of vaccination policies; risks of industrial policy changes; increased risks of industry competition; new items.