On October 08, 2022, the opening of the city played a catalytic role in Henan's trip to the island.
#Current #Current Reverse #Survey #Short Assets  Events: The Ministry of Transport expects to send a total of 256 million passengers nationwide on the national holiday from 1 to 7 October 2022, a 36 per cent decline compared to the same period in 2019.
At the end of the week, the Ministry of Transport announced a forecast of 210 million passengers to be transported by road nationwide. As of the latest data, the total number of passengers delivered is expected to be 256 million, a 36 per cent decrease compared to the current year.
In the same period, 33 per cent.38/48/44/36 per cent were restored to the Year’s Clinking/51/ Mid-Autumn/National Day, thus restoring the state of long journeys compared to mid-autumn conditions – short trips are still the main option in terms of the structure of the National Day.
During the National Day, there was an 18% drop in the number of internal trips, compared to 54% during the same period in 2019; in terms of tourism revenues, there was a 26% drop in the number of internal trips during the same period, compared to 44% during the same period in 2019.
This is generally better than the recovery of tourism revenues, suggesting that travel structures have a relatively low unit cost for short journeys that have increased before the outbreak, and that there is more room for long-distance travel to restore confidence and willingness.
Su. The off-island duty-free shop closed by the epidemic in early August is fully operational, and Hainan's trip to the island is gradually coming back. China's Central Free (601888): cdf Seagate is around 41 per cent 75 per cent of last year's average as of October 2019.
The number of people in Hong Kong has recovered to 33 per cent/55 per cent, respectively.
The development of a new logo for the tourism retail sector may slow the pace of recovery to a certain extent, but it will not change the trend.
It is hoped that China will speed up the recovery of the flow of tourists to the island.
The gradual recovery of passenger flows, the deregulation of the epidemic, and the return of international routes are conducive to the expansion of the tourism retail sector. The market size of the market is expanding again. The market is strong, and the new off-island tax-free pole shop will benefit China from the gradual recovery of provincial and out-of-country travel as a tourist retail leader.
The Ministry of Transport expects to send a total of 256 million passengers across the country on the national holiday from 1 to 7 October 2022.
As of the latest data, a total of 256 million passengers are expected to be sent across the country, a 36 per cent decrease compared to the previous year, with the figure changing from 63 per cent to 62 per cent/-41 per cent/+1 per cent for the current year/51 per cent/middle autumn/middle autumn, respectively, and from the perspective of the same period before the epidemic in 2019, the year recovered to the same period.
According to data released by the Ministry of Education and Tourism, the number of trips within the country during the National Day dropped by 18 per cent, and the percentage of trips within the country fell by 26 per cent in the current year by 26 per cent by 43 per cent by 10 per cent by mid-autumn and 17 per cent by mid-autumn.
From the perspective of the same period before the epidemic in 2019, the recovery of 67 per cent-67 per cent-83 per cent-70/54 per cent in the current year and 67 per cent-70 per cent-of-four per cent in the same period in the same year in terms of tourism revenues, compared to 26 per cent in the same period in the same period in the country during the Fourth Anniversary period.
Short-distance travel, at a relatively low unit cost, accounted for an increase in the pre-epidemiological period, and there was more room for a return to confidence and will from long-distance trips. Figure 2: Return to 54% of pre-epidemiological travel, Figure 3: Recovery of domestic tourism revenue to 44% of pre-emission
In the course of a gradual return of confidence, the opening of the free city of Hainan is expected to speed up the recovery of the flow of visitors to the island. In the current year, southbound travels to the island have been more affected by the epidemic in q2 and q3 and, by the end of September, the high-risk areas in Sanya had been cleared of all forms of production order. The off-island duty-free shop closed by the beginning of August has been fully re-established, and Hainan is on its way to the island.
During the 7th day of the National Day, the average number of visitors at San Phoenix/Milan Airport at Haiguchi was around 8500/16,600, not 41%/75% of the same period last year, compared to 33%/55% of the average number of arrivals at October 2019. The arrival of confirmed cases of imported cases outside the province at Sanya and the sea entrance during the National Day also affected confidence in travelling to the island.
The opening hours of some of the duty-free shops may slow the pace of recovery to a certain extent, but do not reverse the trend. In the fourth quarter, the opening of the free-riding pole project, Seagate International, will be an important publicity catcher for the return to the island, hopefully prompting an acceleration of the flow of tourists to the island.
Controlling liberalization, and the resumption of international routes, has helped to accelerate the expansion of the retail tourism sector. The market is stable, the new off-island tax-free pole shop will be brought into operation in 2022/2023, the market share will be re-established, and China will be favoured in the medium to long term as a leader in tourism retailing for the gradual recovery of provincial and exit trips. The impact of the epidemic will not be short-term.
Reverse the medium- to long-term trend, marginal improvements are expected to be released gradually, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.