The opening of the Seagate Free City is expected to speed up the recovery of the south China epidemic, stimulate consumption, and warm up duty-free sales during the national holiday. The new Seaport Free City official announced the opening of the city on October 28th, and is expected to contribute to the recovery of the south China Free Market.
In addition, 10 tax-free stores in Hainan have been promoting and promoting activities during the National Day.
According to the Hainan Province Department of Commerce, the average sales for seven days on the 7th day of the National Day of Exempt from the island exceeded RMB 150 million, with 10 duty-free shops entering the market 6 days prior to the vacation period a total of 2,695 million times.
The company announced that the Cdf International City will open on October 28, 280,000 square metres of construction, and that it will become the world’s largest single-body duty-free shop, with over 800 well-known brand names identified and the tax-free city next to the sea.
The new port of communication hub, which will take full advantage of the island’s passenger flow, is expected to continue to increase, and the opening of the new shop is expected to contribute to the recovery of the free market in Hainan Island.
International duty-free ports are scheduled to open in January 2023; the SAARC project under the Pearl Sea tax-free flag is also expected to open in 2023. Multi-operator admissions will further enrich the Hainan off-island duty-free market, expanding the duty-free market cake, and keeping the vanguard in check with the advantages of size.
Given the impact of the epidemic, which caused a decline in the Hainan passenger flow, the delay in the opening of the new seaport duty-free city and the missed national window, the year’s performance recovered or slowed when the market price was collected on October 11, 2022.
“China: A continuous improvement in the benefits of the epidemic, attention to the revival of the flow of passengers and the opening of new shops”
“China Free: Relaunching of the Hong Kong listing programme, tax-free leadership, the impact of the epidemic on passenger flows, increased competition in the duty-free market, and the failure of new projects to meet the expected risks.” “China Free: Reduction of pressure from airport agreements, Hainan Brigade”
S.A.I.S.A. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business Merchant and Retail: Tourism Retailii