The profits, the "Key" basic law build-up, the liabilities increase, the Chinese Gestapo's long-term new power.
The company was formed on the basis of the China Pacific Ocean Insurance Company, established on 13 May 1991.
The company, with its headquarters in Shanghai, is the leading “a+h” stock group in the country.
Poor performance at the end of the reporting period was the biggest constraint on profit growth. During the quarter, the impact of the epidemic increased, the industry expanded its operations around the insurance chain, the Russian-Turkish conflict and the expected intensification of interest rates in Europe and the US, and the domestic economy slowed down sharply, with the domestic economy rising sharply.
As a result, the company performed poorly on its investments during the reporting period, with full security plates for insurance, agricultural insurance, and asset management.
A 34.6 per cent decline in the same ratio has seriously delayed profit growth. Business blocks are developing in a shared way: focus on clients ' needs and drive a strategic shift towards client demand-oriented strategies
At the end of the reporting period, the liabilities still show a pattern of “yielding and life-threatening” risks. The values and methods of “customer-driven” behaviour have been affected by the multiple spreads of the epidemic.
The theory has been internalized into the life genes of the company; the focus on value increases; the long: life-risk business pursues high-quality new business value increases; purchasing power and product demand structures are heavily influenced; in addition, industry competition continues to grow, “stock-breeding”
In this case, the main engine of life insurance — the agent channel — displays continuous pressure to achieve returns on investments that continue to exceed the cost of liabilities.
The marginal improvement has continued for three quarters, with vehicle insurance having absorbed the cost changes more fully and regaining momentum, with a year-on-year increase of 11.8 per cent in vehicle insurance revenues; non-car operations having opened up incremental pathways in the face of changes in the credit environment following a “reduce” of credit guarantee insurance, and an improvement in the pace of operations such as agricultural insurance,
“Key” basic law supports the long-range flight. In the event that the industry environment cannot be changed in the short term, the total equity/flowa share (million shares) is still strong.
The company has been able to ease its development difficulties through ongoing reform initiatives. Since the beginning of the year, the company has fully launched the "Long Circulation b/h) Aviation Initiative" phase, focusing on core manpower and promoting team capacity.
The NPP has officially launched the “core” basic law, which is based on three main initiatives: “changes in the behaviour of team sales”, “changes in the behaviour of managers” and “changes in the planning for the growth of newcomers.” It guides teams to improve the quality of their operations and the quality of their services, helps newcomers to remain stable, and promotes the transformation of their proxies.
Under the influence of the law, the company continues to optimize the recruitment of the workforce, supported by professional and systematic training, the creation of a core of highly productive manpower and the overall upgrading of the proxies, with an increase of 19.9 per cent in the average monthly premium per agent during the reporting period. At the same time, the “core” basic law supports the development and retention of the core workforce for the company.
The stability of the core team is also expected to lead to an overall increase in corporate motivation to achieve positive feedback and a virtuous circle between agent efficiency and the quality of the company's business. Investment advice: the corporate liability pressure continues to be high in the face of negative factors such as the epidemic.
And the changing structure of insurance demand and the “diffusion difficulties” of the agency’s channel have pushed companies’ new business values and premiums up fast in the short term. But, under the lead of Operation Long Air, the company continues to push for change through the “core” basic law, and through financial technology and technology to improve efficiency, reduce costs and achieve precision services.
It is argued that with the marginal weakening of the epidemic ' s impact and the gradual easing of pressure from external factors, the company is expected to expand commercial old-age insurance and welfare as a result of support for the commercial old-age insurance and the welfare industry under the policies of the super-states, S1480190501
Business layout, moving out of the current weak insurance premiums, building new development patterns and new growth engines, we still look forward to the company’s long-term development prospects and maintain a “recommended” rating. The company’s current valuation is only 0.6 x 22evps.
The source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial growth in the East, the source of investment and low net profits.
Liu Jiayan, Bachelor of Arts, Wuhan University, Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, seven years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research. First place in the 13th new wealth non-banking finance industry in 2015 and 14th new wealth non-banking finance bank in 2016
Industry's fourth team member; first in the silver and crystal ball finance industry for the ninth time in 2015; tenth in the crystal ball and silver finance industry, first in economics, 2016; and in East Hing securities in 2019. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
China Taibo (601601): Investment reduces net profits, and the basic law of “core” builds a new dynamic for debt-end growth does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for reference purposes. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.