A robust growth of business and a large model enabling the financial industry, Hengsheng Electronics (600570/sh), 2023 Annual Report Point Review
In 2023, when the external environment changed more than expected and competition in the market increased, the total equity of companies and a share (millions): the Division continued its trend of higher income growth than cost increases and further improved the quality of its development
Of that amount, sales costs fell by 4.33 per cent over the year, management costs by 9.53 per cent over the year and financial costs by 192.04 per cent over the same year.
In terms of the location of priority products, the company has achieved excellent results: o45 product maturity has increased further, leading to the completion of the head fund and capital company project; uf3.0 new two strategic clients have been signed and completed at the completion of the two headbills project, and the memory version of the transaction has been completed.
In terms of credit creation, by the end of 2023, all of the company’s main products had been matched by a more rapid growth of data services.
Supported more than 70 financial institutions to upgrade their core business systems for autonomous innovation; evaluated in the annual report: significant growth in non-net profits, issuance of sustainable finance, contracting with relevant strategic partners, and publication of " Innovations in Information Technology Applications in the Financial Sector " .
Models 2023.08.29 Research-Hinson Electronics (600.570.sh) 2022 Continuously increased R & D investment in self-researching of the Great Financial Model Lightgpt Open Public Survey
Reporting points: Strong growth in revenue collection and good cost control
Scenes, based on low-code capabilities, achieve efficiency improvements and enable rapid client innovation; high-performance data knit the Geng military platform, in the data-processing scenes, achieve wind control and clearing, and help clients to reduce efficiency gains.
In June 2023, a new generation of research and development opening methods was launched, namely, warrenq, photon by financial intelligence assistants, and a large gold-melting industry model, Lightgpt.
• Profit forecasting and investment advice accompanied by healthy capital market development in China, the financialit sector is expected to move towards a high growth cycle, the corporate landscape and the future of the company, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment to report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.