The Sini Shan family is reporting on the Ningde era (300,750.sz) for three-quarterly reviews.
The third quarter is a year-on-year rebound, sustained growth at the end of the year, the third quarter is warming, and the fourth quarter is expected to grow at a high rate. As a result of the higher level of new energy subsidies during the same period last year and the impact of the epidemic this year, power cell loads dropped by 42% in the first half of the year, but the company is in the third quarter.
With a rapid recovery of 0.80% over the same period, and given the company’s preparedness for asset recovery and credit impairment of $1,014 million in the first three quarters of 2020, three quarters of profit increases are better than expected. Sales continue to lead, and output expansion accelerates.
3.12 gwh, the share of the country’s municipalities was 47.4%. In September, the Ningde era was 16.75gwh, the highest/lowest in the year: 49%. The dominant position is significant. Moreover, by the end of the third quarter, the company was working on construction.
A share/total equity (billions): Capability, capacity utilization, etc. are better than competitors. Almost all cars are covered, and the number of clients working together is wide.
Basic data: 30 September 2020 Honda, Daimler, Modern, Jaguar Road Rover, Volvo, Snow Dragon, Tesla. Domestic co-operative clients include upper gas, North gas, Hiro, East wind, Wootung, Jili, Chang An, Dong Feng,
A wide range of high-quality clients are the guarantee of stable revenue collection. Technological inputs are increasing rapidly, and their strength is increasing markedly.
The ctp program optimizes the battery package structure, increases space utilization, reduces overall costs, and has significant advantages. The Ningde era, from technology to market expansion, has shown strong power, with continued heat sales starting in the second half of a new energy vehicle and companies starting to supply cars like Model3, expected to be four seasons away.
The sales will be significantly better than in the same period last year. Moreover, after the construction of the European factory, it will become the new ITC, 28th floor, 69th West Street, Taiwon City.
7th floor, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd., new energy sales are below expectations; macroeconomic downs continue; and the epidemic continues.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, for not having done so, nor for having done so, nor for having done so.