According to ggii, the domestic drivers in the first three quarters of 2020,
Battery loads were about 34.15gwh, a 19% decline in the same year. Of these, 16.245gw, or 47.6%, were installed in the Ningde era, with a slight decline in the city ' s share, but in line with industry development patterns, the city ' s share was still the highest in the country ' s market, and performance was as expected.
q3 cash flows have increased significantly, cost controls have been excellent, and the Māori rate has declined slightly. The net cash flow generated by 2020q3 through camp activities was $4.479 billion, an increase of 46.93 per cent over the same period, ring growth financing channels opened up, and the productivity of the aids accelerated. The company is set to grow by 19.7 billion yuan.
The company has the broadest household base in the industry, the deep-farming battery industry, and the domestic market is upper gas, Gilly, Wootong, North gas, and wide gas.
In the overseas market, such brands as Chang An, Dong Fung, Golden Dragon and Jiang bell, as well as new and emerging car companies such as Urai, Wilma and Little Peng, have further deepened their collaboration with international car brands such as BMW, Daimler, Modern, Jaguar Road Rover, Snow Dragon, Popular and Volvo, and have entered the Tesla chain.
The company is the world’s leading power cell company, with a clear management vision, a strong technological reserve, a growing edge in continued production, and a clear medium- and long-term outlook. We expect the company to start a business in 2020-2022.
The risks of increased competition in the industry; less than expected sales of new energy vehicles; more than expected declines in the price of power cells; and more than expected impact of the new crown epidemic.
I undertake to present this report independently and objectively in a spirit of diligent practice. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
In November 2010, the Department of Galaxy Securities Studies was joined to carry out research in electricity and utilities, environmental protection, electrical equipment and new energy industries.