A third equity incentive is proposed, with high pricing highlighting long-term credit: The Nender era released a draft restrictive stock incentive scheme for 2020 to award a second category of restricted stock of 4.590 million shares, or 0.20% of the company's total equity.
Middle-level managers and core staff (including expatriate staff). Middle-level managers are assigned in two instalments of 50% of each period from the end of the month.
The next incentive is to use the second category of restricted shares, i.e., not to pay in cash on the day of award, and to pay back on the day of entitlement, where the income is an indicator of performance, with a low threshold for meeting the criteria. The company-level performance appraisal is based on the 20-year share incentive measure ($234.7), which is a 20-year assessment of the total cost of the stock incentive.
Comment: It is proposed to buy a pre-supplier + equity gain to re-engineo towards the middle and core cadres, covering a number of expatriate employees.
In total, there are 4,688 middle-level and core cadres, of which 189, or 4.0%, are middle-level managers and 4,499 core cadres, or 96%. This time, there are 1,119 non-continental employees.
Job motivation is very helpful and shows confidence in the company’s future development. Billions of investments go up and down, integrating high-quality resources in the industry 2020-08-12.
Event: The Nender era released a draft restrictive stock incentive scheme for 2020, with a total of 4.688 persons to be awarded to category II restricted stocks, including mainly serving middle-level managers and core cadres (including foreign staff). Middle-level managers will be assigned in three instalments of 33 per cent each from the 12 months they have been registered; core staff will be self-registered.
The introduction of type II restricted shares, with high price-fixing points, highlights the company’s long-term development confidence. This incentive uses category II restricted shares, i.e., the granting date, without having to pay in cash, until the right-of-occupancy date. The award price is determined to be public.
Ninety-nine% of the average value of the transaction on the previous day, or $231.86 per share, was marketed at about $540 billion. The high price award showed that the company had sufficient confidence in its long-term development.
The equity incentive was again directed at the middle and core cadres, covering a number of expatriate employees. The equity incentive was again directed to the middle class, at 96%. This time 1,119 people recombined with the 19 incentive list with a 25% overlap. The equity incentive was granted to 9 non-continental employees in a total of 546 million shares.
The output has been restored to full capacity, with a slight increase in power cell output expected to reach 45gwhh throughout the year, and will explode in 21 years. The company’s near-full production will be sold in September, and the supply of the Teslam3 lithium version will begin in September, with q4 going to be large.
The q3-q4 output of the platform is expected to rise on a quarterly basis, with a projected annual sales volume of nearly 45gwhh, an increase of 10%, with the central overseas market contributing 6gwh+. In 21 years, we expect a global sale of 4 million cars, close to 50% of the year, while Ninder, as the global leader, will benefit from Tesla, overseas vehicle sales, which will outpace the industry.
Overall leadership, global leadership, and long-term growth space. The Ningde era is full ahead in terms of technology reserves, customer targeting, production capacity layout, cost control, etc., and global leadership is well established.
The year was marked by high-profile performances, including Tesla, BMW, the general public, Generalization, psa, modernity, Toyota, etc., with more flowers and a high visibility of orders over the next five years. Ninder is expected to export 5-6gwh overseas in 20 years, more than double its size in 21 years.