The global demand for electric vehicles has broken out, and the long line has been expanded at a further speed.
Nguyen Xiaoyan, research assistant, Wu Faifan, incident: company announcement to invest a total of $39 billion in building/extension of three main bases.
Investments of up to $12 billion in the development and production of lithium batteries for power and storage (four phases) (2) Sichuan era: the proposed investment of up to $10 billion in the expansion of the EB cell base.
3) Ninderford base: not more than 17 billion dollars in total, two phases of construction, no more than 26 months in duration, and two phases to start within two years of construction.
The announcement measured an average investment of $308 million in single gwh extension. This new investment of $39 billion corresponds to about 130 gwh ' s additional capacity. With the intense launch of a pure powered platform, the new product cycle triggers a toc end demand outbreak, the year of global electricization is approaching, the Ninder era.
Expansion accelerates to meet 40% growth in power cell compound over the next five years. In the previous regulations, Ningde added more than 130 gwh to his plan, and the expansion increased significantly and the force exceeded expectations.
In the Sichuan era, an investment of $4 billion in planned capacity 12gwh was announced for an expansion project of 10 billion and 30gwh is expected to be planned for additional capacity.
3) An additional second phase of the Foding Base, with an investment of $17 billion, is expected to produce about 60 gwh, with a combined planned output exceeding the capacity of the major bases, including the Ningdham Bay area (East Bridge/East/West Lake), the Nind Car Bay, Nind Fodding, Suyang Base, Sichuan and Qinghai Base, and the German factory.
400gwh; considering current co-financing capacity, company capacity planning is close to 500gwh, with global battery enterprises planning the highest capacity (log planning 230gwh in 2023). By the end of the 20th year, the public sector capacity is expected to expand to around 190gwh by the end of the 21st year.
The industry continues to be fully productive, with an over-intensity of production in January, a slight fall in the spring of February, a recovery in demand at the end of the market, and a new model of my and Id4 and a new builder on the stage. We expect more than 2 million vehicles to be sold domestically in 21 years, corresponding to a battery demand of about 100 gwh.
On the other hand, the European market continues to grow at a high level, and Ninder will benefit from psa, popular, Daimler, etc., and the export of power cells will double to more than 15 gwh in the 21st quarter of the Ningding Times (300,750).
The Ningde era, with its size and cost advantages, is expected to increase its stock sales by more than two times to 10 gwh.
Up. We expect Ninder to deliver more than 100 gwhh in 21 years, double the same time.
Prices show long-term confidence. 2020-10 - Jiangsu: Investment of up to 12 billion dollars, building power and storage of lithium batteries, research and development projects (four phases). Total land area is about 1,000 acres. 2) Sichuan: investment of no more than 10 billion yuan is proposed to expand the EBG base.
In two phases, one for up to 26 months, and two for up to two years after the first. The first and two for up to 500 and 450 acres respectively. 3) The Ninderford base, with a total investment of up to 17 billion dollars, will be built in two phases, one for up to 26 months, and two for up to two years after the first.
The second phase, 1,500 and 800 acres of demand, saw the expansion of production in the Ningde era rise significantly, exceeding expectations. The average investment in single gwh extension was $308 million, as measured by the announcement of an increase at the end of February of 20 years.
As a result of the intense launch of the pure electric platform, the new product cycle triggered the toc end demand surge, the global electric year came, and the Ninder era expansion accelerated to meet 40% growth in power cell compound over the next five years. In previous planning, Ninder added more than 130gwh to his planning, expanding at a much faster rate than expected.
In the Jiangsu era, a total of 10 gwh was put into production in the second phase, with an investment of 7.4 billion to build 24 gwh in the third phase. In this case, 12 billion new investments were made in four phases, with an estimated planned capacity of 40 gwh.) In the Sichuan era, 4 billion investments were made in the first phase, 12 gwh were allocated, and 10 billion were announced in the expansion project, with an expected additional capacity of 30 gwh.) Futtingki.
The company now has seven major bases, including the Ningdham Bay area (East Bridge/East Lake/West Lake), the Ninder Road Bay, Nindford Fortune, Jinyang Base, Sichuan and Qinghai.
At the end of the 20th year, the company’s capacity was 120gwh (single 100gwh) and is expected to expand to around 190gwhh by the end of the 21st year. Three additional projects were planned to be loaded with the Gulf Base.
This expansion of the Ninderford 4 project will bring the planned capacity to close to 500 gwh by 2025, meeting company demand for hand orders, and will support the company to maintain a global share of more than 30%. The industry is over-expected, with Ningde expected to deliver more than 100 gwh in 21 years, doubling the ratio.
Production, weather conditions are higher than expected, company production continues to reach full capacity in January, spring falls in February, recovery in March, where q1 is expected to produce more than 20 gwh, an increase of 300% over the same year. Demand for the domestic market has recovered at the end of the year, while new models of my and Id4 have been released and new power for car construction has been brought to the stage, and we expect more than 2 million vehicles to be sold domestically in 21 years, corresponding to battery demand.
About 100 gwh, 50 % more than the same year. New joint ventures, new forces, running cars, etc., are supplied by Ninder, and will be reprinted by Tesla alone, and we expect Ninder's domestic share to return to over 50% in 21 years. On the overseas side, Europe's market continues to grow at a high rate, Ninder will benefit from psa, the general population, Daimler, etc., and power cell exports will double in 21 years.
In addition, domestic and foreign storage markets erupted, and the Ninder era, with its size and cost advantages, was expected to grow more than twice as much as 10 gwh. So, we expect Ninder to be 100 gwh in power and storage in 21 years, global leader, long-term growth space.
In terms of points, output layout, cost control, etc., full leadership has been achieved, and global leadership has been established. Companies now account for about 50% of their share in the country, with overseas markets beginning to do so in 20 years, and have achieved impressive performances over the past three years, including Tesla, BMW, the general public, psa, modern, Toyota, etc., with more flowering and high visibility of orders over the next five years.
We expect Ninder to have more than 45% of the domestic share and more than 20% of the overseas share. We expect the company to have a securities investment advisory board with approval from the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, with 350-East Wu Securities Co. Ltd. in 25 years.