The performance is in line with the expected steady recovery of the power cell taps — the three-quarterly review of the Ningde era (300,750.sz).
pct. The first half of the year was affected by the epidemic, the demand for new energy vehicles dropped, the volume of power cells from the company slipped, affecting the company ' s overall performance, the performance of q3 had largely recovered to its level of the same period last year, and q4 would continue to grow at a higher ring level, increasing its performance throughout the year.
The industrial landscape has recovered, and there has been a significant increase in the volume of company powered batteries. The domestic market for new energy vehicles has largely recovered, with 345,000 new q3 vehicles sold, an increase of 41 per cent over the same period, 34.1 per cent over the same period, and q4 with a continued increase in the number of rings. q1-3 total domestic power cell loads of 34.15gwhh, a decrease of 19.4 per cent over the same period.
Gentsla's official delivery of model3 will be an important increase in the level of the follow-up aircraft. q4 is the peak in power cell output, with the company's projected global power cell output of 40+gwh in 2020, rising relative to the growth of the company's lithium phosphate, and rapid growth in passenger and specialized vehicles.
The Ningde City did not reverse the rise, mainly from iron phosphate, due to the impact of the national production Tesla battery supply chain, and growth in the second half of the year was expected to increase by 2020-08-30.
Lithium has increased its market share in passenger and specialized vehicles. 2020q1-3 company phosphate lithium rigs, 2nd, Ninder Times Annual Report: 6gwh, 37.3 per cent of the company ' s installed structure, 3.1 pct up from last year ' s full year.
3. Ningde Times Corporate Review: 28.1% of the financing expansion stock structure, the same as last year, with 73.7% of the city, an increase of 3.6 pct over the same period; 1.36gwh for specialized vehicles, an increase of 451% over the same period.
At the end of 2019, the company had 53gwh powered tank capacity, 22gwh was building capacity, and plans were made to raise up to $19.7 billion in non-publicly released stocks.
For the production and development of four power cells and storage energy projects, the new power cell capacity is 52gwh, expected to be completed in 2022-23. The major capacity-building projects announced by the company now include the European base (1.8 billion euros, 14gwh), Car Bay (10 billion yuan, 32gwh), Eibin (10 billion yuan, 36gwh),
Jiangsu III (7.4 billion yuan, 24gwh) and Huxi expansion (4.6 billion yuan, 16gwh).
Investment proposals: The long-term growth trend in the power cell market has been determined, and the current industry stoppage has been over, with q4 working as a full-scale foreign company in the energy sector for three years, participating in nuclear power, fire power, oil and gas, and new energy projects. There is a deep understanding of the entire industry chain in the energy sector, with considerable experience in the areas of analysis of the cost of electricity projects, industrial policy research, etc.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in the present report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.