The Ninder Times (300,750) company review report responds to the demand surge and confronts the Twh-Ninder era event.
Events: December 29, company announcement to invest up to $39 billion in the expansion of the three main production bases. month, phase two starts within two years of phase one. 2) Jiang Su-yang: to invest up to $12 billion, build power and storage lithium battery R & D projects (phase IV) with no more than 24 construction periods.
(iii) Sichuan Ying Bin: It is proposed to invest no more than $10 billion in the expansion of the EBG base. The project will be built in two phases, one for no more than 26 months, and the second for two years after the construction. Medium-term capacity will reach 401 gwh, actively expanding production for the twh era.
1) The company’s expansion program has accelerated since the beginning of the year. In February, the announcement announced an additional investment of about 45 gwh in the Bay, and in August a joint venture with Zhejiang Jiyun to invest $8 billion in power cell projects.
According to the construction schedule, all deliveries will be completed by 2025. Specifically, Ninderford had two plans of about 60gwh; Sichuan had raised 4 billion yuan in the early days of the Sichuan era, planning for 12gwh; the current $10 billion equivalent was increased by 30gwh; Jiangsu had 10gwh in the first and two phases of the era and 24gwh in the third period of $7.4 billion.
Overseas power cell needs 132/186/524gwh. Global power needs 893gwh are expected to rise in 2025, plus other scenarios such as storage energy, light vehicles, 25 years of global lithium battery demand.
In the Twh era, 1196gwh is expected to be reached.
In 2021, it is expected to sell twice, and the share of cities and cities, both within and outside the country, continues to rise. The company’s clients cover the public, BMW, Gilly, Woo-Tung, the traditional brands of all-round energy, as well as the new forces of Tesla, Uri, Peng, and others. From the second half of the year to next year, the company’s new model and sales are expected.
The annual output of batteries is expected to more than double, and the share of domestic and foreign cities continues to rise. In 2021, the domestic production of new energy vehicles is expected to increase by 46% compared to 2021, while overseas sales are expected to increase by 2.58 million, corresponding to 48% compared to the global demand for power cells in 2021. The global demand for power cells in 2025 is estimated to be 228gwh.
The global lithium cell space will grow rapidly with the growth of new energy vehicles, lithium-electrified light vehicles, electric tools, and storage applications, and global lithium battery demand is expected to reach 1196gwhh in 2025. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.