Midlife Cream: The performance meets expectations, and the leading advantage continues to be highlighted The Middle Cream (300308.ch/69.77 with no rating) announces a fast track performance report for 2017.
Current revenue of 2,357 million yuan, an increase of 1690.79 per cent over the same period; realization of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies; fast track of performance, and significant financial upturn due to Xinjiang in Kyushu State; incorporation of Xinjiang in July of the company into the consolidated statements, resulting in company performance during the reporting period
Overall growth and a significant improvement in the financial position. At the end of the period, the total assets of the company were $7,811 million, an increase from the beginning of the period.
Medium- and middle-stream sealers are still in a reinforced position, and the trend of digital market optical devices has become clear that downstream customers in the digital market can directly define the shaper specifications, dissipate the systems in the telecommunications market.
The interface between the new golden age of telecommunications and digitally constructed lightware. The current pattern of lightware manufacturers with large-scale idc supply experience is more concentrated, creating a certain bargaining power upstream on the basis of customer stickyness and maintaining a high level of Maori.
According to vum, the overall size of the transceiver will be close to $6.7 billion by 2022, with a compound increase since 2016.
A company that has the capacity to supply large customers and is technologically leading will continue this iterative trend.
Suzhou created a global high-speed light module seal, with an absolute time-leading advantage over other manufacturers. Cooperation with large North American irp manufacturers began early, creating strong business relationships and reliability.
(8621) 2038303 Large order supply capacity. The company will benefit from the incremental demand introduced by large clients in the long run from the start of the large idc upscaled in North America and the start of the domestic idc. In 2017, Suzhou created a 40-g and 100-g high-speed year-round.
The output of light-module products has increased steadily from the previous year, and the 100g high-speed light-module product is now a core product of susan invention. The trend towards higher-speed upgrading of light devices is clear, leading companies to a high-quality profit level over time.