Performance continued to exceed expectations, with the digital light module tap plus code 5g layout with significant impact: (1) combined equity incentive costs reduced by approximately 31 million net profits in 2017
Dollars: (2) The revaluation of Suzhou's profit-making estimates at the end of 2017, in excess of the combined date's profit estimates, is included in the “losses and losses on fair value changes”, resulting in a reduction in the combined net profit of about $1-120 million; and (3) the combined amortization of Suzhou's scavenging inventory, fixed assets, intangible asset assessment to add value on the combined day, reduced the combined net in 2017
With profits of about $39 million: (4) government subsidies, investment returns, and other non-recurrent gains and losses on the disposal of fixed assets, the combined net profit of the company has increased by about $21 million. Suzhou’s performance has continued to exceed expectations.
The net profit was approximately 315-355 million yuan on 31 December 2017, of which 160 million yuan was achieved in the third quarter. Losses on impairments of assets were usually higher at the end of the fourth quarter than in the third quarter.
A partial calculation of the cost of the excess performance incentive, taking into account the upper limit of the “performance incentive paid to the performance pledge not to exceed 20 per cent of the value of the total value of the target asset transaction” in the excess performance incentive, resulted in a margin of between $30 and $60 million in 2018, which placed less pressure on the firm.
• The demand of North American cloud producers to accelerate the switch to 100g, with domestic follow-up on 100g products, which will continue to explode.
The demand for 100g light modules is expected to double, or even triple in 2017. The growth in demand in the coming years is driven by the expansion of data centres by large Internet companies and the upgrading of stock data centres.
Cwdm4 is more optic-efficient than psm4 and the price difference with psm4 is gradually reduced. cwdm4 is more likely to deliver 10km than lr4, replacing part of lr4 applications with cost advantages. The future cwdm4 is expected to be the mainstream product of 100g light modules.
The advantage is that it is already a major supplier of Google, Amazon, Facebook, Cisco, and is expected to make further breakthroughs in Microsoft. In 2017, Smock made up about 40% of cwdm4 products, and in the future, it is expected to enter into a data centre light module tap, which is expected to accelerate upstream and downstream integration in the future.
The ability to deliver orders ensures that companies have sufficient orders in hand to further strengthen their position as champions. The investment of new buildings in the bronze mausoleum will further enhance the volume delivery and cost competitiveness of the company’s related products.
The company has prioritized 400-g samples, and this year it is expected that small quantities will take advantage of the supply chain for priority customers, and that the 400-g pattern will be in the forefront of the industry. The company is expected to expand further into areas such as upstream chips, and silicon light technology is well positioned and prepared.
Based on a digital market advantage, the coded 5g light module. The company's wireless products are of the same variety, and the 3g period has started to participate in the wireless market, accelerating progress in Pre5g and 5g, taking advantage of the ahead. The 5g base station, which is now certified by the company's mainstream equipment, is already in some pilot commercial projects.
By application, the 5g layout is at the forefront of the industry, with clear drivers of future growth. Yuan, we predict that Suzhou's advanced performance (considering equity incentives, not amortization and performance awards) will be 600 million, 900 million, 1.3 billion in 2017-2019, taking into account the company's lead in the country's high-end module market.
Assumption 1:10g module sales have declined steadily: assuming that production in 2017 and 2018 is consistent with the projections in the company bulletin, starting at the 5g base station in 2019
(b) Assumption 4: the supply of 100 g light modules is projected to increase to 420 per cent in 2018 and 115 per cent in 2018, according to multiple institutions, such as vum,lightcounting and others;
Assumption 5: the company first pushed 400gosfplr8, followed by a series of 200/400g products, with 400g expected to contribute in 2018 and start in 2019. Xuzhou’s performance began to be incorporated into listed companies on the date of the merger (3 July 2017), with sub-project projections for Xinzhou’s full annual performance forecast.
The company’s future growth drivers are clear. Taking into account the company’s past Māori rates and cost levels, taking into account the cost of equity incentives, without considering the combined amortization costs and overperformance, we predict that Suzhou will have a positive net profit of 2017-2019, respectively.
Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.