The company's performance has risen significantly in the first quarter, when the company q4 became operational.
Revenue of 73,243 million yuan, + 7.09 per cent, ring ratio - 8.42 per cent; net return to the mother of 7,693 million yuan; annual increase in the amount of resources and production of the company ' s main mineral products, 1.07 million tons of mineral copper, 73 tons of mineral gold, 450,000 tons of mineral zinc (lead) and 436 tons of mineral silver, including mineral copper,
Mineral gold grew at a rate of 6% and 8% respectively. Moreover, companies effectively contained the rise in costs, with copper concentrates and gold concentrate sales costs falling by 4.3% and 0.43%, respectively, continuing to rank low in the global mining industry.
In 2024, the company made a major breakthrough in the search for mineral exploration. During this period, significant progress was made in the increase in the deposits of the Tibetan dragon copper mine, the copper mine of the Heilongjiang copper mountain, the Serbian copper gold mine, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo ' s Lithium Manono project in the north-eastern part of the country;
The acquisition of copper gold from Peru was completed, and Ghana's large-scale acquisition of gold from the akyem gold mine and mineral control from the Tibetans accelerated, significantly increasing the company's main metal reserves and real capacity. As at 12.98 million tons, 31,836 tons of silver, and 17.8 million tons of lithium (lce), copper, lead, zinc are industry and industry.
The important raw materials in manufacturing, lithium, cobalt, molybdenum, silver, are the key metals for energy transformation, gold has strong risk avoidance and investment attributes, and a diversified portfolio of minerals has consolidated the company’s leadership. Gold and copper prices are expected to continue to rise, and corporate performance growth is guaranteed.
On the gold side, the current slowdown in US inflation data and uncertainty about tax policies have increased, and the value of gold’s risk avoidance has been further highlighted, with gold prices likely to remain high.
There will be further upgrades, of which 1.15 million tons of mineral copper and 85 tons of mineral gold. As the company’s major mineral projects accelerate, the build-up of gold and copper prices is expected to remain high, the growth of the company’s performance will be sufficient investment advice: the company’s rich resource reserves and diversified mineral portfolio will provide a solid basis for performance growth.
Risks; industry competition risks; downstream demand risks less than expected; foreign trade export risks. Note: “Market index” for this rating systema with a depth 300 index for the share comparator; three-board indicator for the new three-board comparators.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.