Twenty-four-year review of the value of gold and copper, which released excellent performance, and 32.1 billion yuan in net profit to the mother throughout the year, compared to 52 per cent.
The best performance in history was to achieve a return of $30.36 billion, or +3 per cent; a return of $32.1 billion, or +52 per cent, to the net profit of the mother; and a net cash flow of $48.9 billion from the realization of the operation, which continued to be released at a higher price than the gold and copper, supporting the profit history.
Newly high. In 2024, the company's mineral copper production rose after it passed a million tons, mineral gold production rose rapidly, achieving 1.07 million tons of mineral copper, 73 tons of mineral gold, and mineral zinc (lead) 45 % of the cost: the cost of copper is lower, and the construction of mining companies is competitive.
Cost control is an important manifestation of mining competitiveness. Since 2023, the violet mining industry has quickly developed a global business management system characterized by purple gold, pursuing priority areas such as overseas projects.
Cost control, “controllable” work is gradually showing “efficiency gains”. In 2024, the cost-effective comparative advantage of reshaping purple gold under the prevailing global burden of mining costs was effectively contained by the upward momentum, with sales costs for copper concentrates, gold concentrates and gold concentrates amounting to $19139 per ton and 158.15 per year.
By the dollar/g, the ring ratio fell by 4.3% and 0.43%, respectively, and continues to be low in the global mining industry. We believe that excellent cost-control capabilities can reduce the profit volatility associated with commodity price volatility and are an important force for mining companies to improve valuations, and the cost-control capacity of the purple mining industry.
With continuous validation and the build-up of the gold and copper price hub, it is expected to raise valuation levels in the future, as detailed in our earlier release of The Purple Mining: The Global Lead Copper ore Service Providers, which estimates that the new project layout is steadily moving forward and continues to grow to build world-class mining companies.
Based on systems engineering and mining economic thinking and excellent professional analytical decision-making capacity, 2024 Global M & As Reserves for Purple Minerals: Out-of-country realization of tons of copper to Peru at Arina, is pushing Ghana ' s large-scale akyem gold-producing project to be handed over, which will increase yellow.
The amount of gold is 89 tons (estimated at US$ 1,600 per ounce) and an additional 83 tons of land-mining resource reserves; 5 per cent of Tibet ' s copper mine is acquired and acquired within the country, further increasing the amount of power-earned resources. In early 2025, the UV mine announced its intention to acquire control over the Tibetan mine, and it is hoped that it will move forward.
A step-by-step increase in the reserves of lithium resources, and we expect that in 2025-2027, as the price of copper continues to be strong, projects in the mining industry stabilize production, cost-control capabilities continue to be validated, and a net return on the mining industry is expected to be a net profit.
Profit projections and financial indicators are based on information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.