There has been a steady increase in performance and strong growth of mining giants -- 2024 Annual Report Review Purple Mining (stock code: 601899.sh)
Net gain of $32.05 billion for the mother, +51.8 per cent for the same year; net gain of $31.69 billion for the non-departure of the mother, +46.6 per cent for the same year, with a significant increase in the volume price of the main product + cost control, with high performance innovation over 24 years: 96 per cent 99 per cent/96 per cent for the completion of the target and the main reason for the non-completion of the mineral copper mine was taken into account.
Six-month-long exposure to cobalt-based radiological events and the lack of electricity from the Congolese electricity grid for the Kamoa copper mine. 24q4 mineral copper ring ratio + 4 to 280,000 tons, mineral gold ring ratio - 1 to 19 tons, mineral zinc ring ratio 3: 24q4 copper concentrate/electric copper/electric copper unit sales cost per ring
The increase was accompanied by a decrease in the cost of copper and zinc, with the exception of the sale cost of the gold inch/copper unit per year +0.4 per cent/+9 per cent, while the cost of copper c1 and the cost of gold aisc were in the top 20 per cent of the world.) Māori: 24q4 gross profit ring ratio + $700 million, with mineral copper/mineral gold/mineral zinc share
Production plans for the main minerals in 2025: 1.15 million tons of mineral copper (the production guide for the Kamoa copper mine is targeted at 580,000 tons of copper), 85 tons of mineral gold, 440,000 tons of mineral zinc (lead), 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalent, 450 tons of mineral silver and 10,000 tons of mineral molybdenum.
The production of major projects continues to climb up the slopes and the construction of incremental projects progresses steadily: 1) Copper: the lower belt of the Chukaru-Pegui copper gold mine and the Bor copper mine are accelerating the expansion of a total of 450,000 tons of copper produced annually; the Congolese Kamoa copper mine will be raised to 600,000 tons per year after the third stage of its life;
The package of 500,000 tonnes/year copper smelters will be completed and a new profit growth point will be created; the Dragon Project will be fully advanced with a second phase of expansion, with production planned to be completed by the end of 25 years, reaching 300,000 to 350,000 tonnes of mineral copper in the post-natal year; and the Sejono mine project is planned to be completed by the end of 26 years, with 76,000 tonnes of mineral copper planned for the post-natal year.
2) Gold: The 10 million tonnes/year expansion of the Rosebel gold mine in Suriname has been completed and is accelerating to year-on-year.
The Rulaarena project produces approximately 3 tons of annual gold; Ghana ' s akyem gold is on the move and, according to the original owner ' s plan, is expected to produce an average of about 5.8 tons of gold per year throughout the mine ' s life cycle; and Savaarton gold is mined 240
The tons/year selection and 5 tons/year gold smelting project is moving forward with capacity uphills, with Luceda producing about 3.3 tons of gold in the postnatal year; the 12,000 tons/day selection of marine gold mines has been completed with approximately 15-20 tons of mineral gold in the postnatal period.) Lithium: 20,000 tons/year of lithium carbonate in the 3q Salt Lake in Argentina, with the project expected to produce 25q3 in the west;
(b) The 5 million tonnes/Year Selection Project and the accompanying battery-grade lithium smelter plan, which resulted in 30,000 tonnes/year of battery-grade lithium carbonate production in the post-partum period.
Investment proposals: The company’s stock of priority mining projects is constantly increasing, and future growth in production drives the firm’s growth to a high level. The release of post-partum production as a result of the company’s construction projects is expected to lead to higher profits. Risks anticipated; 3) additional capacity of the company to release less than expected risks; 4) winds of geopolitical change abroad
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.