The company issued a quarterly report in 2018, with expected performance in the first quarter, with a crude steel production of 1,1.893,000 tons, with differentiated competition, growth attributes and robust operations.
\triangleright \triangleright, influenced by falling steel prices and falling corporate revenue on a year-on-year basis, increased the Māori rate and a ton of steel net profit on a year-on-year basis and achieved a total profit of $6.92 billion in a quarter, a 37% increase on the same season since it was marketed
The top three of the best, single-season profits history. The three dominant products, motor panels, electric steel, home panels, have increased demand at a steady rate, with silicon steel being sold the world's number one, carboard selling the world's top three, and the market is more than 60% of the world's top three, and corporate products are more competitive in the market than other competitors.
The first round of cost reductions was over-expected, and the new three-year cost changes were pending. \triangleright
Based on the first round of cost reduction planning, 2017 achieved a cost reduction of $6.11 billion, exceeding the target by 2015. In 2018, the second round of cost reduction plans will continue to be built around the five dimensions of “synergized mitigation” of “change-driven” “management” and “economic operations” to ensure that
10 billion yuan down, challenging the 13 billion dollar target. In 2018 alone, the ring fell by only 2 billion yuan, achieving synergies, $2 billion and more than 8 per cent of the increase in the labour efficiency of regular employees. The shift from cost-level improvements to system improvements would effectively support corporate profitability and business performance.
\triangleright 2017 net profit achieved by \triangleright, 2.32 billion yuan net profit achieved by \triangleright and 2.31 billion yuan profit by \tangjiang steel.
590 million yuan (+33.8% of the same year); 12.24% of the whole of the steel, of which 19.2% of the steel base, 19.2% of the steel base, and only 2% of the steel base, are close, compared to 11.4% of the steel base in the Yangtze region. The future of the Changjia base is on track, with solid progress in the integration of the steel system, the profits will continue to improve, and the effects of the amalgamation of the weapons will continue to be felt.
Prospective profit and investment proposals The future of the Bounty War is continuing, the Yangtze River is on track, the profits from the martial steel base are still expected to improve significantly, and the company's overall performance will continue to be released, taking into account the company's long-term profitability. The company's ps from 2018 to 2020 is expected to be on track.
(ttm) At the lower end of the cycle and below industry averages, pb (lf) is at the lower end of history and within industry, and there is still room for upgrading. Strong recommended ratings are maintained. Steel demand has declined significantly, and prices for the original fuel have fluctuated significantly.
Net profit multipliers, industry leaders with space on East Mount and Yutsing Hill base, steady score highlighting the value of investments.
Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials Science and Engineering, Faculty of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineers, Central University of Technology, Lear, France
In 2017, the author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory practice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, sought to be objective, impartial through reasonable judgement and conclusions, and was not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.