After the merger, the company sold silicon steel to the top of the world; and carboard sales to the top three of the world, cold rollers.
In 2017, the company sold 46.17 million tons of merchandise throughout the year, an increase of 21.5 per cent compared to the previous year, the best performing domestic industry, with a ton of steel profits ranked third among the world ' s leading steel companies, and full-time employee labour.
The first round of cost reductions is over-expected, and the next three years of cost changes are on-going. The round cost reduction plan will continue to build on the five dimensions of the “synergizing downs” and “economic operations” of the “change-driven” “management downswings”, which will ensure a drop of $10 billion and challenge 13 billion.
The goal is to reduce the ring ratio by only $2 billion in 2018, to achieve synergy by $2 billion, and to increase the efficiency of the regular workforce by more than 8%. A shift from a cost-driven improvement to a system-wide improvement will effectively support the growth of corporate profitability and business performance.
In 2017, the net profit from steel was 2.32 billion yuan, the total value of steel production was 2.31 billion yuan, and 590 million yuan from steel (538 per cent compared to 33.8 per cent); and 12.24 per cent of the steel as a whole, of which 19.2 per cent were from the steel base and treasure.
The mountain base is close, compared to 11.4% and only 2% of the Samang base. In the future, the Changjiang base will be on track, with solid progress in the integration of weapons and steel, the profits will continue to improve, and the effects of the symbiosis will continue to emerge.
In the future, we will continue to work together, we will be on track, we will still be able to achieve a significant improvement in the profits of the martial steel base, our overall performance will continue to be released and the company ' s long-term profitability will be appreciated. The company ' s ps (ttm) from 2017-2019 is expected to be in the lower end of the cycle and below the industry average, pb (lf) in history and industry.
The demand for steel has declined significantly, and the price of the original fuel has fluctuated significantly.
We're going to go to the vault at a speed that's expected to open.
Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials Science and Engineering, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineers, Central Polytechnic University, Lille, France, large rubber drop cycle, 16-year recovery cycle, especially pvc, titanium powder. For chlor-alkali, pure alkali, rubber, titanium powder, detergent polyester, new materials, compound fertilizer,
In 2017, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to offer securities investment advice, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from a compliance channel.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,