Market synergies are good, state-owned reforms are stimulating activity, Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh) and Shanxi Liquor is published in the semi-annual 2018 report.
50.42 billion yuan, an increase of 47.38 per cent in the same year: net return profits of 937 million yuan were realized, compared to the same year, with strong performance growth in the first half of the year, as companies benefited from multiple gains from the industrial recovery to the lower end, the introduction of state-owned reforms, and the introduction of investment in their own governance and profitability.
The recovery in the white wine industry has been sustained, and the next high-end expansion of the high-end, high-end, high-end growth is expected.
On the one hand, high-end white wine is strong and warm, benefiting from rising consumption and rising public consumption, sub-high-end prices have expanded and potential varieties are growing in time, and on the other hand, sub-high-end competition is clearly stronger than high-end competition and is projected for the future.
Large brands are divided, and companies with many advantages, such as products, brands, channels, and governance, are able to sharpen and consolidate their position. The total volume of brewing in Shanxi Province is 30% higher than in the previous year.
The industry figures for the first half of 2018, 37.11 per cent of the total size of the country ' s white wine-making enterprises; 8.72 million litres of total wine-making in Shanxi province, an increase of 30.28 per cent over the same period.
O2 companies have completed their operating income of $32.40 million and 1,802 million, respectively, at a similar rate of 48.56 per cent and 45.30 per cent respectively. The income earned in the first quarter was significantly larger than in the second quarter, mainly because of the seasonality of the divisional products and the high rate of consumption during the spring season.
Net profits of $710 million, 227 million, an increase of 51.82 per cent, 69.50 per cent over the same period, and the completion of the non-repatriation (ii) reform of state enterprises, with a significant synergy period, the official launch of the Group in February 2017, with the Shanxi State Finance Committee holding shareholders in the company.