The recovery has improved, the transition has deepened, and the volume is thin.
The landscape, the willingness to invest, and the consumer environment and the consumer order are expected to improve gradually, as are the policy optimizations at the end of the estate. A solid promotion of the retail transformation strategy, the quality of the assets during the epidemic, is still solid.
The management has been rejuvenated, rejuvenated and professionalized. The new chairman, Wang Jiang, has been in key positions in the founding, transition and \triangleright, and has had experience with the Vice Governor of Jiangsu Province. He has been in the Bank of China for many years.
Heng is about to take over as Governor of Guangdong Bank, Mr. Wang Chi-hsing was born in 1973, and is expected to be the youngest president in the stock company, after approval by the Silver Guards Board. The three vice-presidents, who are young and powerful, are the new Secretary of State, Zhang Xiao Yang, with a deep background in wealth management and a young elite, are expected to give new impetus to the transformation.
In 2018, the Great Light set a strategic vision for a retail transformation. In terms of outreach, the Big Leap Group, “six large e-sbu eco-circles”, enhances its capacity to deliver services by integrating its resources.
Clarify, using peer gmv as a bridge to connect retail aum at the end of the investment and public fpa at the end of the product asset. By 22h1 the public fpa amounted to 4.62 trillion yuan; by 22q3, retail aum reached 2.39 trillion yuan, of which the private aum a56 trillion, or 23.3 per cent, was 23.3 per cent.
On the one hand, big banks continue to increase their investment in technology and strengthen the talent team.
5.1%, up to 3030 people in 22q3. In top-level design, financial technology is being promoted. 3. Large banks: smooth performance and improved quality of assets - institutional reforms.
At the same time, they are in the vanguard of exploring the value of data assets. The quality of assets continues to improve, and performance is moving upwards.
\triangleright assets are disposed of with persistent downsides in rates of badness, concern, and delays, with current stock and potential asset quality pressures being smaller.
With the current realization of wealth management and digital transformation potential, and stronger asset quality, performance is expected to continue to improve. Investment proposals: transformation is a vision for the future, and the potential for restoration is valued.
New drivers; wealth management, digital transformation strategy, with asset quality continuously moving towards better and better than the performance base, and enabling valuation repair. Since 2020, the epidemic and property regulation have been major factors in the suppression of equity valuations.
Retail transition, wealth management transition banks, which have been largely influenced by weak consumption and capital market volatility over the past three years. But now, as the epidemic is under control, business production and investment will recover, the consumer environment and the consumer order are expected to improve gradually; and the optimization of property-side policies is gradually gaining ground.
Large banks are expected to gradually recover their valuations in the macroeconomic recovery process. First, large banks are committed to a retail transition, and demand for retail credit is expected to improve as consumption scenes are repaired, and the strategic potential of large banks is expected to be released while retail credit markets recover.
Second, in the context of the impact of the epidemic, there is still a downward trend in the rate of bad banking, coupled with an upturn in post-influx credit repayment capacity and an improvement in property policy, which is expected to lead to a further improvement in the quality of assets. The current valuation of large banks is at a lower level, with a retail recovery from the epidemic, a relaxation of property policy, and asset quality.
A combination of factors, such as excellence and solid transitions, can be catalysed and the performance improvement period is expected to be restored.2 The senior management is rejuvenated, rejuvenate and professionalized, and the new management has been working on a deep-farm banking system for many years. In August 2022, Wang Jiang became Chairman of the Great Light Bank.
In late 2022, following the transfer of the former Governor to the Bank of Agriculture, Wang Chi, who had served for many years in the Bank of China, will be the Governor of the Bank of Guangdong. Qi Jin, Vice-President of the Yang army, was promoted to the post of Vice-President of the Bureau of Operations.
With experience in business management, the Vice-President has served as the group’s leader in change, and can add value to management. The new Secretary-General, Mr. Zhang Xuyang, has a strong background in wealth management, and in 2004 he worked with the team to develop a solar finance series of products in the Grand Bank.
Mr. Wang Chi-Hing, born in 1973, will become the youngest in the stock-stock industry after the Silver Insurance Board has certified him as its president. The other five executives, who are also young and strong, are expected to add new dynamism to the company’s transformational development.
As Deputy General Manager, Director of the Centre for Wealth Management, General Manager and Head of the Centre for Wealth Management, Ministry of Retail Operations