— China's life report (601628.sh) shows an improvement in the value of non-bank financial sector reforms.
Revitalization of the life of the nation by defining strategic goals, restructuring the organizational structure, and decisive value transformation. Compared to the past transition, the 2019 "Revitalization of the life of the nation" set out higher-quality development requirements, clearly pursuing strategic goals of value priority, scale and value growth, while launching new projects, restructuring the organizational structure, highlighting the risk of large-scale development and increasing incentives to stimulate grass-roots dynamism: the investor
Building on Wang Bin’s three-year experience of building a new peace, we expect the size and value of our country to grow at the same time, and to recover the market’s loss. The value transformation has worked well, and is expected to continue in the future.
The policy ' s duration structure has been optimized and has gradually evolved to boost the first-year premium, the growth pattern of the total premium, and the sales of specific guarantee premiums as a share of the first-year premium +8.6 pct. The risk channel continues to grow, and the ratio is expected to increase further, building up the workforce and increasing its quantity. Looking ahead, the end of the liability is analysed from the demand side, the supply side, and the policy side.
The new list is expected to grow at a high rate in 2020, while the rate of return is expected to rise. Roev remains stable at a high level, investment deviations under market-based reforms are likely to decline, nbv continues to contribute, and is expected to grow robustly. The short-term impact of lower interest rates is limited. We measure the total return on investment implied in the current valuation at 3.29 per cent, which is lower than in the long term.
Structural adjustments have led to improvements in business management efficiency, improved incentives, more accurate cost-investment, technology, security layouts, and a gradual improvement in the value of end-of-debt operations. At the same time, asset-end reforms have resulted in risk factors for investment performance: the impact of the epidemic has continued, with agents and new business values falling short of expectations; and long-end interest rates have continued to drop and have an impact on reinvestment.
First, China’s leading life insurance champion has a long history of branding excellence. China’s life was founded in October 1949 as the former Chinese People’s Insurance Corporation, one of the first companies to run insurance operations in the country.
In December 2003, it was listed simultaneously in New York and Hong Kong, and in 2007, it was the country’s first financial insurance company to be listed in three places. In 2016, China’s Life Intake Bank, insurance, investment, and the Bank’s three main pillars developed together.
The company has been selected for 17 years as a company of the wealth 500 top companies, rising from 290 in 2003 to 51 in 2019. As of 2019, the public treasury was in absolute control, with a strong shareholder background. The company’s equity structure was concentrated, with the company actually controlling the Ministry of Finance, with the Chinese Life Group holding 68.37% of the total shareholding, while the national stock collection was in place.
The company has insurance and pension operations, investment management, and banks, which account for 70.74%, 40%, 60%, and 43.69% of the total, respectively. The city ' s share has declined, but it is still in the vanguard. The city ' s share fell from 34.7% in 2011 to 22.2% in 2018, partly because of increased silver premiums by small and medium-sized insurance companies.
The sales effort, and the intense competition from the banking insurance companies, have led to pressure on the traditional large-scale insurance companies, both as a result of the company ' s new leadership team in 2014 and a new strategic shift away from pursuing the market share of the total premium, with an emphasis on value, strong workforce, excellent structure, steady growth, risk prevention, and a substantial contraction in the size of the silver bond. (ii) Resuming over the past decade
Dows are relatively high, interest rates have declined over the life of the country compared with the attractiveness of property, and have fallen to a peak. 3) Pre-optimal growth, short-delivery product expiry, renewal premium increases are evident. To date, investment performance has been better driven by equity market performance,2 reserve discount rates have been up since the beginning of the year,3 and the strategic objective of value transformation has been to revive the country's life, organizational restructuring and market-based reforms have contributed to improved efficiency, better investment performance, higher risk growth, negative debt premium and value growth,4, procedures
The downside of market interest rates has affected reinvested returns. 2) The end of the liability has been bound by fast-repatriation annuities in the 134th document since 2018, and the valuation has continued to decline.
Until 2014, company premiums grew weakly. Between 2010 and 2014, income from the state life insurance continued to grow at a low annual compound rate of only 1 per cent, below the average of the four listed insurers (6.5 per cent), resulting from a sharp decline in the rate of income growth from the silver insurance channel in 2011 under the influence of the silver insurance regulatory policy, which reduced the growth of the new bill. The company ' s share of silver insurance was relatively high (45.5 per cent in 2011 and 65 per cent in the first annual premium/first year of the silver insurance channel), with the value-delaying rate.
The banking system’s insurance performance has led to a decline in the company’s share of the market, which fell by 30% from three days in 2010 to 2014, and a significant 85% increase in payments in 2013 in the face of greater pressure to pay and pay back. The company’s retreat after 2013 resulted from the greater impact of bank finance products, an increase in silver insurance coverage, and a number of shifts in the country’s life since 2014 to build a world first-class life insurance company at a speed of scale.
Over the years, there has been an improvement in key corporate indicators, including an increase in the rate of succession, a rise in the rate of succession over 10 years, a gradual increase in the pace of renewal, a gradual shift from a single risk-based approach to an insurance scheme, a strong development of the insurance planner system, an increase in the share of the insurance period, an increase in the sale of guaranteed products at the same time, a steady increase in the rate of new business values, and an increase in the size and quality of the workforce. But the company’s transformation is still slower than the industry, and the short cut is in the return on investment.
Rates are lower than industry averages, cities in large and medium-sized regional markets are less developed, the quality of the workforce still needs to be upgraded, client differentiation services need to be refined, marketation is still to be improved, and STI capacity needs to be strengthened.
With China's economy moving from a high-speed to a high-quality development phase, the insurance sector's transformation has gradually advanced, client needs have become more diversified, financial science and technology have reshaped the insurance ecosystem, and in the face of new developments, companies have proposed a strategic objective of “renewing the life of the nation” and high-quality insurance has been developed.
(i) President Wang Bin joined the nation's life and started the transition of the nation's life, and led by the goal of “three-year re-engineering” of a new peace group in 2012, he achieved significant breakthroughs in all his operations by the end of 2014, with a doubling of total premiums, total assets, net profits and a marked increase in the city's share. The net profit rate increased by three times, the total premium increased by 123.5 per cent, and a new insurance period was paid.
In addition to size, the value has improved significantly, with a new business value of HK$ 4,326 million, or almost doubled in 2014, with a capr of 24.5 per cent, representing at least twice the average number of co-workers. The value of the insurance policy has increased by approximately HK$ 82,022 million, or nearly three times, and the value of the insurance policy has risen to 44 per cent.
At the beginning of 2019, Wang Bin launched a strategy to “rejuvenate the life of the nation” that began the transformation of the life of the nation, emphasizing value priorities, scale and value growth, with the goal of restoring the life of the nation over a period of three to five years. The “reinvigoration of the life of the nation” took two main steps: first, one to two years to catch up with the strategic layout, to upgrade the concept of development, to rebuild the organizational system, to break through the development landscape, to promote brand image, to focus on making a strong national life, and to lay the foundation for building an international first-class financial insurance group.
In the past year, business transformations have begun to bear fruit, including first-year premiums, new business values, net profit growth, agent size and productivity growth. This year is the second year of national revitalization, and it can be expected that after three to four years, the growth of corporate size will be expected to recover from market failures, and that value will be mentioned further.
(ii) Explicit strategic objectives: pursuit of value priorities, growth in scale and value together. “Renewing the life of the nation” adheres to a business approach of “value, strength, steady growth, technology, excellence in services, risk prevention”, focusing on the strategic inner core of the “three transformations, two-mindedness, solidarity” with “brainpower-driven, mechanism-driven, innovation-driven, integration-driven” as an engine for development, leading the “renewal of the life of the nation, sustained growth” development agenda
Target: 1) To improve the quality of development, core indicators continue to grow, 2) To promote the revitalization of large and medium-sized cities, consolidate regional advantages, 3) To be a strong team, sales teams to expand the mass, 4) to improve operational efficiency, improve service experience, enhance brand image, 5) to create positive innovation. The three major transformations are to be achieved mainly through a combination of sales-led marketing, sales and services, and a major shift from a man-driven to a man- and technology-driven two-wheel drive, and a shift from a scale-driven to a value-to-scale organic alignment.
The module focuses on bringing costs from headquarters to the grass-roots level, tilting them towards county branches and marketing fields, and stimulating grass-roots dynamism. “Singling” emphasizes the focus on values, focusing on the big risks: to optimize product structures and channel structures, to focus on paid-out operations, to allocate resources to channels and regional concentrations that contribute significantly to value, to significantly develop larger risks, and to increase resource inputs.
On the agent side, boost performance, increase the target for the sale of specific guaranteed products, and drive value growth. (iii) Initiate new engineering, deepen institutional reform. In the first half of 2019, the company launched a “new project” based on the strategic objective of “renewing the life of the nation”, which provides a comprehensive plan for future transformations.
In the second half of 2019, the company completed the restructuring and restructuring of its headquarters and branches, establishing organizational models and mechanisms in line with the company's strategy. The company adapted its organizational structure by “enhancement of the front desk, optimization of the centre, streamlining of the back office”. In this direction, the company's front desk was established with three main centres: the Great Risk Development Centre, the Multi-Coopers Development Centre and the Investment Management Centre.
On the back, build a client-centred service system and accelerate the central management of shared centres and operating modules. The company will enhance its value-creation capacity by building a new development layout; build a market-based investment management system to raise the level of return on investment; strengthen its science and technology-driven and operational support to enhance its effectiveness; and improve market-based incentives and talent development machines.
In the area of marketing, companies have built a “one-size-fits-all” development system, focusing on large-scale risk strategies, enhancing value creation and expanding the original risk-based sector into a large risk section with six sectors, namely, marketing, collection, entrepreneurship, operation, education training and integrated finance, to achieve a breakthrough in the old workforce.
In addition, there is a need to integrate and manage the silver factoring finance planners, power sales desks, and collection teams. Instead, insurance, insurance, health insurance, and fund sales were integrated into multi-dimensional development centres, resulting in an overall pattern of coordinated development with larger risks.
The investment end uses market-based reforms to dilute the administrative concept and to restructure the original investment team, with six teams comprising strategic configuration, tactical configuration, alternative investment, offshore investment, credit evaluation and operations; and the establishment of market-based appraisal, remuneration and employment mechanisms that enable people to move forward and out, generate higher and lower levels of income, provide market-based incentives to phase out and raise corporate investment levels as a whole.
Rejuvenation of priority cities, stimulating the dynamism of urban areas, and consolidating the pre-existing market advantages. Companies have long had a more solid market share in rural and district markets, but there are a slight weakness in large and medium-sized cities. In the revitalization of large and medium-sized cities, companies will strengthen top-level design to promote market-based reform as the core of the three-year action programme for the revitalization of large and medium-sized cities, which includes mechanisms for the use of people, appraisal mechanisms, and remuneration distribution.
(i) Value: transition speed 1, nbv: 2019 new bill and nbvmargin growth, nbv leading industry, based on performance in different regions.
Faced with the downside of the market, in 2019 the company set the direction for a transformation in terms of common growth in size and values, and renewed growth at a single rate. Growth at the end continued to slow, with companies taking the lead in moving out of document 134 through the red rhythm adjustment of the door and strategic transformation.
Figure 10: The first year of insurance, the new bill (millions of dollars) and the growth period structure are being optimized. The company has been transitioning since 2014 and has gradually evolved into a first-year premium-adding, a renewal of the total premium-growth model, a first-year roll-out, an increase in the sale of guaranteed products, a significant increase in the value of the new business, and a narrowing of the gap with its peers.
Impairment operations, increasingly diversified product structure, product coverage for all types of customers, insurance coverage, such as life, health, accident and annuity. The value of new operations increased by 3.45 pct to 32.4 per cent throughout the year 2019.
Shorter harvests (previous period due to higher silver cover channels and lower value ratios due to lower payout ratios than partner rates). Silver cover has increased value rates by 5.1 to 23.8 per cent, resulting from bad trade regulations. According to the quarterly report, the value of the new business in the first quarter is equal to +8.3 per cent, mainly due to the growth of the new bill, while the value rate is slightly lower due to the marketing rhythm. New unilaterality, resulting from the early opening of the door, the company ' s new bill has increased at a better rate than that of its counterparts (first year ' s new rate + 16.5 per cent) and the structure has improved continuously. 1) First-year premium payments are equal to +14 per cent, representing a slight reduction in the sales rhythm.
The negative impact is that the pressure has increased over 10 years, to only +1.2%, due to short-term risks associated with the epidemic, which are easy to sell online. The value ratio, though declining, is mainly related to marketing rhythms, and reflects the fact that companies focus on customers to meet their diverse product needs, seeking to grow in size and value together.
The company's channel of agents over the past few years has been at a low level of peership, while its insurance premium for new policies has exceeded 60% since 2011, while the company at that time was only 20%. Since 2014, the company has increased its exposure, increasing its exposure from 55.7% in 2012 to 2019.
With a shift in focus and focus period, the exposure to silver insurance has declined significantly, from 39.9% in 2012 to 12.35% in 2019. While the current share of risk lines is still lower than that of peers, with the failure to scale up the risk shift, to strengthen the training of agents, to increase the placement of agents, and to improve incentives, we expect that the risk profile will rise further in the future.
Figure 20: Ratio of the four major risk enterprise risk lines to the new business value ratio, the development of large risk channels has contributed to an increase in the value of new operations, resulting from the fact that the value of new operations in a single risk channel is far higher than that of silver insurance (45.3 per cent for 2019 insurance channels and 23.8 per cent for silver). Horizontally, the value of new operations in life insurance is still lower than safe in China (45 per cent for 2019 countries vs Ping).
And 65%) mainly because of the large number of high-predicted-interest-rate products sold during the opening period of 2019, the rate of value has been delayed, and the concept of opening the door has been diluted in a safe manner, pushing for the sale of guaranteed-type products as a matter of value. Looking ahead, in 2020, we expect a new business value rate to rise and further narrowness and distance from our colleagues, partly because the company’s opening-up was better than its counterparts, and there has been a significant increase in the number of agents, and the company will be given a greater incentive to increase the distribution of the guaranteed-type products as it moves ahead, and it is expected to do so in the future.
On the other hand, it is expected that the new business value ratio will increase further. In 2019, the premium premium income increased by -8.8 per cent, and the average monthly performance of the planners increased by +36.1 per cent in 2019, compared to +36.1 per cent in 2019.
In 2019, the build-up and investment of the workforce hit the bottom, with the same scale rising in 2019 compared to +12.9%, and the size of the industry rising faster than average. Companies raised the recruitment threshold, stringent recruitment criteria, and established a collection team (higher professional and academic qualifications) than the one planned for peace with talent, with 577,000 performers in 2019, compared to +42.1% in 2019, increasing faster than the overall growth in the channel.
In terms of costs, companies have increased their proxies, linking inputs to value rates (a guarantee-based worker) to lead value transformations, while at the same time moving to the grass-roots level, stimulating the dynamics of the base layer and increasing the training of agents and increasing the productivity of agents. In 2019, effective manpower was equal to +34.9% per month for the sale of specific guaranteed products. Looking forward to the future, we expect a year-round rise in new bill and value rates to boost nbv growth. In terms of new single growth, demand from the demand side, post-epidemiological demand from residents or demand for guaranteed products.
In March, the health insurance premium increased by 21 per cent per month and remained relatively high, according to industry data. At the supply end, 1) companies increased their investment in the cost of a single risk channel. On the human side, the former unemployed brought with them an agent dividend, adding up the two-quarter insurance premiums, and in the face of this year’s severe increase in staff, the central offer of employment was expected to boost the recovery of the agents. 3) The recovery of the agents’ capacity. 4) The introduction of new products at the end of the product has increased their attractiveness. On the one hand, high prices are higher than production.
For example, in the Conn series of products with high linear prices, high security and full-time return, lower premiums mean higher leverage and easier to expand new sales. On the one hand, by expanding insurance coverage, for example, by adding new crown insurance. The step-by-step movement of agents after the epidemic is expected to boost the recovery of movable property and facilitate the gradual improvement of the new list.
In the second half of the year, we expect that the comments will be phased out, with lower payments being made, and that old products will be suspended for short periods of time. 2) Regulation will lead to a shift in guaranteed products. In February, the Superintendency of silver introduced the General Personal Insurance Actuarial Management Scheme, which increases the surcharge rate at the time of the refund of guaranteed products and stimulates insurance companies to expand marketing value by lowering prices.
On the other hand, with the gradual optimization of the corporate end-of-debt structure, the vigorous development of a guaranteed product transformation, and the rise in the next risk channel share of the larger risk strategy, and the rise in human strength, we expect a further increase in the value ratio. This is mainly due to better equity markets and higher interest rates for companies to allocate long-term national and local debt, while increasing non-standard allocation, with a total return on investment of 5.24 per cent.
Xinhua (20.1%) and its growth is less stable than its counterparts, as a result of corporate investment bias and market value adjustment, which have a greater impact on Xinhua. The elimination of investment bias and market price adjustment remains low, mainly because of the low nbv/time start. We anticipate that in the future, the contribution of new business values is expected to increase, driving Roev growth, driven by a shift in value, and that, in the run-up to marketization reforms at the end of the investment, investment-side incentives are expected to improve and improve, investment performance is expected to rise and investment bias stabilized.
Figure 28: Short-term impact of investment bias and market value adjustment/start-up interest rate downs have been limited. Firmness is higher, and interest rates are more open. In the short term, long-term bonds account for more and more of the company’s stock.
In addition, lower interest rates lead to an increase in stock holdings up to the market value of mature assets, and more dynamic and good equity market performance, contributing up. In addition, corporate actuarial assumptions are conservative, with a risk discount rate of 10 per cent, well above the long-term rate of return assumption of 5 per cent, risk higher premiums, more reliable and prudent values, and sufficient security for lower interest rates. In extreme cases, companies can offset lower rates of return on investment.
In recent times, long-end interest rates have stabilized, and interest rate factors have weakened to stifle the valuation of the insurance stock, resulting in an increase in local debt supply: regular country meetings have indicated that a further $1 trillion in special debt limits will be issued in May ahead of schedule, with the end of May, and that the financial data for April show a steady economy, and credit and social inclusion have improved significantly.
Future inflationary pressures may be apparent. As recovery moves forward and credit support continues, the probability of interest rates going down is low, and the equity valuation does not have room for further downs. (ii) Investments: greater untagged configuration, investment risk manageable, higher returns.
Companies strengthen asset liability management concepts, build “top-down” asset allocation systems that include strategic asset allocation, tactical asset allocation, and commission investment management, and optimize base asset allocation to reverse years of national life investment returns lagging behind peers. Strategic asset allocation is centred on asset liability management, studying long-term trends in interest rates, and managing cycles. Tactical asset allocation is based on strategic asset allocation, which secures high interest rates on revenue and pre-positions long-term countries.
On the equity front, companies adhere to the principles of value investment and long-term investment, and on the secondary market focus on low-valued blue-market investment opportunities while simultaneously seizing short-term trading opportunities, while increasing the allocation of long-term equity investments and increasing the distribution of high-quality non-target assets to boost investment returns and asset sustainability.
In the direction of tactical configuration, a clear position for managers, enhanced performance appraisal and performance appraisal, and a slight improvement in managers’ performance and investment capacity are expected. Companies have a lower rate of return on net investment, rather than a lower rate of bid, and thus a lower rate of return on past net investment. Equity and equity funds have a relatively high level of allocation (11.1% in 2019), leading to higher fluctuations in total investment returns and combined investment returns. Companies have continued to optimize their asset structure, with a decline in cash and deposit ratios in recent years, increasing the allocation of non-bid claims, under strict control.
In keeping with a sound investment strategy, the company ' s credit bonds exceeded $570 billion by the end of 2019, with a rating of 96%; its untagged investments exceeded $430 billion and its external rating of aaa by over 98%. In 2019, the company ' s new untagged investments outperformed the formal implementation, as the assets under fvoci reflected only dividends in the profit table, and the company either increased its allocation of low-value high dividends and increased its long-term equity investments.
Starting in October 2018, the Silver Insurance Board encouraged venturers to invest in high-quality listed companies, and the risk money was on the rise. The risk capital, on the one hand, is involved in profit-sharing, and, on the other hand, is a measure to stabilize the rate of return on investment (after including long-term equity investments, dividends are included in investment returns, while equity market changes are included in equity interests, affecting only net assets, and not affecting current profits).
Since the second half of 2019, the state of life has shown information on Hiroshima Nuclear Power, China's Tianbao Port and Wanda, respectively, and most of them are Hong Kong shares, with a large difference in the value of the shares, ranging from 11 to 17 per cent, and the current share rate is more than 4 per cent (except for information on Wanda). The impact is that the return on investment is expected to be stable. 1) Early examination of interest rate movements, pre-positioning at high interest rate points, 2) Increased allocation of local government debt and alternatives at high interest rate points
In addition, investment-side market change is expected to help improve investment returns through incentives. The underlying long-term investment returns are assumed to be low, and the value of the listed venture is significantly underestimated.
The valuation is 0.68 x, and we measure the total return on investment implied by the current valuation at 3.29 per cent, which is lower than the long-term return on investment assumption of 5 per cent. The valuation implies a pessimistic net profit on the investment: in 2019, the net profit was ahead of the joint venture and is expected to slow considerably in 2020. In 2019, the net profit growth of the company was far higher than the average, compared with +411 per cent, mainly due to better equity market performance, and (2) an increase in fees and pre-tax deductions.
In 2019, the net net return on corporate investment in 2019 was +12.1% to $14.91 billion. The total investment return was $169.04 billion, +77.7%, of which the fair value change gain was $19.25 billion (compared to $18.28 billion in 2018) and the investment asset price difference was $1.83 billion (the same period in 2018).
Tax concessions lead to an increase in fees and commissions. The Fiscal Proclamation No. 72 on Pre-tax Deduction of Fees and Commission Expenditure in Insurance Enterprises stipulates that the amount of fees and commissions not exceeding 18 per cent of the balance of the current year's total premium income, net of refunds, etc., is allowed to be deducted when calculating taxable income; in excess of this amount, it is allowed to be deducted for subsequent years. The net profit gains of the company are mainly reflected in two aspects: 1) the reduction of the annual life insurance rate, and (2) the reduction of the income tax clearing in 2018.
There must be too much concern about the impact on net profits. 1) Companies will improve their investment capacity and reduce their net impact by adjusting their investment strategies, increasing market-based reforms, increasing phase-out and incentives