China Kwang (603019.sh): Performance is in line with 19 April 2024, expected to continue to benefit from the development of arithmetic infrastructure
On 17 April, the company released its annual report for 2023, which achieved its gross operating income during the reporting period.
The results of major scientific research under the “863” programme are based on the production of high-performance computers, general-purpose servers and storage.
Products, and software development, systems integration, and technology services around high-end computers. Companies have achieved robust growth in high-performance calculations and net return profits in the country.
The "Star Nebula" developed by Dawn is growing faster than the year-round, faster than in the previous three quarters.
Since its launch, the numeracy infrastructure has been in decline, and the Government has published more and more ICSID's development plan, which peaks at 30 billion dollars per second of the “top 500” system. For example, the Shanghai City Plan for 2025 has a smart computing power of more than 50 per cent of the total; and the Enterprise End State Department.
Billions of speeds, second-largest achievement in the world, and the NCC's Artificial Intelligent Topical Advancement will propose faster deployment of central enterprises and the development of intelligent industries, faster construction than the third in the world with more than billions of live measurements.
A group of smart arithmetic centres, benefiting from the downfall of arithmetic infrastructure, and a robust growth in corporate performance. Recently, the company’s shareholding company, Sealight, also published its 2023 annual report, achieved business income during the reporting period.
(ii) Four fee sales are generally stable, companies maintain R & D inputs to enhance technological advantages and debt and cross-equity presentations:
Product power. The share of sales/management/research and development/financial costs of companies increased slightly in 2023, and was a normal input by companies to take advantage of industry development opportunities. During the reporting period, corporate R & D investments amounted to $2,444 million, based on high-end computers, io models of home-grown processors.
The successful completion of the block, built-in proactive solid-control fund-raising project, the introduction of a combination of industry-based smart-to-business products and the location of multiple clients, as well as the enhancement of product performance, upgrading of high-end devices The scalable and scalable capacity of the computer and the continued investment in research and development are conducive for companies to improve product performance and productivity
146,358/146,358 Companies are expected to maintain robust growth as a result of both arithmetic inputs and national production substitution. 1) Companies are expected to provide IAC solutions, large model technology and application development leading to a rapid increase in the demand for numeracy.
In 2023, the Action Plan for the Quality Development of Arithmetic Infrastructure, issued by six departments, including the Ministry of Information and Technology, proposed that the size of the country's computing power would exceed 300 eflops by 2025, with a 35% ratio of smart computing.
Combining capabilities, the storage system within the IAC solution uses full self-research parastor distributed flash storage to support direct access to ai chip high-speed data, optimize memory coordination, increase the overall i/o properties several times to meet the need for intelligent computing performance; 2) the solution of the liquid cold data centre continues to rise.
Il, the company’s deep-farming cold products are expected to benefit. idc predicts that the annual compound growth rate in our liquid cold servicer markets will be 54.7% in 2022-2027, and $8.9 billion in 2027; overseas market, the offshore chip market will launch a liquid cold program, British Welda New.
A generation of products will adopt a full range of liquid-resort-discharge technologies and believe that impregnated-leach-cold technologies will become a standard for the future industry, leading to a full-scale innovation in the overall heat-resilient market.
s1480522090013) The company is a leading national production firm, participating in the company Sealight Information is the core supplier of the national production computing chip, Central Science and Light (603019.sh): the performance is as expected and will continue to benefit from the crediting period
In October 23, U.S. bis issued export restrictions on Chinese advanced computers and semiconductors, mainly for high-performance chips and domestic production flows of gpu s1485230001.
National production chips continue to overlap to reduce reliance on overseas computing chips, and companies are expected to benefit fully in the future from a trend of national production numeracy substitution by publishing a dcu series of products from Sealight Information, which is a national product, the gpu chip main force, and the company's business with Sealight Information.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: corporate performance meets expectations, the arithmetic industry is still high, the division is expected to seize development opportunities such as arithmetic input, increased demand for liquid cold programmes, and national production alternatives.
The source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the boom in the Middle East (603019.sh):
Chang Young-ja, financialit, car intelligence, etc. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.