Performance meets expectations, IC + calculus national production of two nuclears, and ICL (603019.sh) Condolence.
Performance has continued to increase, with cash flows from business activities doubling. During the reporting period, companies have been focusing on the production of major businesses and committed to providing high-quality services to their clients, upgrading them through sustained investment in research and development.
:: Quality of products, deepening marketing services, increasing corporate overall competitiveness and achieving sustained performance: net cash flows from corporate operations amounted to $3.510 billion, an increase of 212.02 per cent over the same period, mainly due to stabilization of the supply chain, reduction of the stock of raw materials, consumption of pre-existing stocks and purchase of goods for payment
Research and development of core technologies to build multi-maintenance rivers. With its leading technological and product advantages, companies actively extend the layout of computational eco-business and introduce storage, network security, big data,
Products and solutions, such as cloud computing, complete the whole industry chain layout of the Cycetic-End-Cycling, and invest in many high-quality assets, such as sealight information, China-Sung maps, dawn cloud computing, China-Cyber III, China-Cyber-Cycling, and dawn-building. To date, companies have three leading international smart manufacturing bases, and five major studies.
DDC, during the reporting period, the company’s R & D costs were 1.316 billion yuan, representing an increase of 19.07% over the same period, with a strong competitive edge in core technology and a gradual increase in product impact. The “national team” of arithmeticals has a significant advantage, enabling it to build a base of national production.
With a background, the company is involved in the construction of data centres in various locations, based on advanced technologies such as leachate cold, high-density design, high-efficiency power management, large-scale computing platforms, automated carriers, clean energy, etc., with a relative depth of 300 per cent.
To provide users with a comprehensive data centre infrastructure solution that supports data centre consolidation, scalability, greening and high-quality development. The company is expected to revalue, driven by a continuing demand for arithmetic and by the integration of market value management.
On March 11, the Central Government Procurement Network issued a circular on the updating of the central State agency's desktops, and standards for bulk-based and centralized procurement, creating incentives for industry to expand. We believe that bulk-based procurement configurations are expected to continue to grow.
In 2024, it is expected that the process of nationalization will accelerate and that the market is expected to warm up, and that the company, as the national technology leader, will make an investment proposal: that the company is the leader in the core technological infrastructure of the country and will rely on the power of the numeracy team.
The build-up of trust and arithmetic national production is accelerating and performance is expected to continue to grow steadily, and we expect company 20 [Galactic Computers] to have a mid-course light (603019.sh)_2023h1 performance that meets expectations and continues to benefit from high demand for arithmetic power.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy Securities). Galaxy securities are not considered a customer by the recipient as a result of the receipt of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.