\Trangleright \Trangleright
8.86 per cent increase; net profit from non-mortality is 57 million yuan, an increase of 16.00 per cent over the same period.
The das are at the heart of the optical software ecology, designed to provide tens of millions of customers with easy and efficient smart computing solutions, building on basic hardware systems and developing tool pads, combining high-efficiency repositories, frames, components, etc., to further improve the ability to optimize the whole of the ai. 2) Dawni Model Repository: Open 100 Model Source Downloads, etc.
(c) National integrated computing services Platform: network links to a variety of numeracy infrastructure resources and the creation of innovative models oriented towards the application of service-oriented services
Arithmetic service platform to reduce user access thresholds and improve the level of computing applications and provide "aggregation, data, application, operation, and transport as one service" to thousands of businesses. 4) "Cube computing": Quan Xinyu based on stereo numeracy
Set up, 3D applications for enabling, 3D eco-symbiotic symbiosis to accelerate the transformation of numeracy into productivity, thereby unleashing the growth of industries and regions; the Changsha 5a-level Ideas Centre has taken the lead and has attracted hundreds of businesses to co-location, enabling more than 10,000 business applications to be connected, and the company will move to the province in the future, starting with Changsha, releasing thousands of lines.
Accomplishment, which continues to contribute to the growth of the computing industry. 1. Mid-City Dawn (603019.sh) 3rd Quarterly 2023
Q: q3 non-net profit increases by nearly 30%, looking at the head of the company, according to the central solution: the subsidiaries created the sliquid technology brand and the cludbase period growth by 2023/10/27
According to the Centre ' s corporate solutions brand; according to Sadie ' s consultant, 2023 China Liquid Cold Application Market Study, 2. China ' s semi-annual 2023 reporting point (603019.sh) 2021 to 2023 h1, at an average market share of 58.8% of China ' s liquid cold data
The largest central infrastructure market in Qingdao built the entire chain of the largest liquid cold data centre in the country.
The year 2022 was published in China (603019.sh).) The Industrial Innovation Base. 2) Storage: According to the study on China's advanced capacity development published by Saidi, the country's output is calculated as the industrial leader, and the "Intel +ai" is driven by two wheels.
Stored in four indicators: data mobility, safety, reliability and technology foresight, with combined strength of 2023/04/19 at the top of the Chinese manufacturer. 3) Stocking integration: the first deposit in the successful deployment industry is based on one stack of liquid cold.
According to the Centre-South China Polytechnic Liquid Cold Data Centre, the performance rate is fast: one quarter of non-performance doubles, profit.
Rates continue to rise by 2022/10/16 Investment proposal: companies actively embrace the i market, introducing software products such as das, ai model warehouse, 5. Central China Sun (603019.sh) semi-annual 2022
With the accumulation of technology in areas such as storage, liquid cooling, cloud computing, performance evaluation in LDC infrastructure: q2 performance remains high, net interest rate methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, the present report is presented independently and objectively and is accountable for its content and perspective. The present report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.