A steady growth in performance is expected to continue to benefit from arithmetic capacity-building The mid-course review report (603019.sh) 2023 Maintaining investment in core technology research and development and increasing the competitiveness of high-end computers.
Since the beginning of the city, large-scale investment has been made in the development of core high-end computing technologies. During the reporting period, the public sector has invested 2,444 million yuan in research and development, and the fund-raising projects based on state-of-the-art computers, io modules, built-in proactive controls and solids have been successfully completed for the financial and other sectors.
The product is already on the ground for a number of clients, and we believe that the advantages of high-end computer technology in companies are expected to accumulate, and brand influence is expected to increase. Storage, liquid, cold technology, and the potential to benefit from the build-up of intelligence.
The wave has created a large-scale need for intelligence, and many are accelerating the construction of centres of intelligence and increasing the investment of intelligence. At the same time, traditional heat radiation technologies have become difficult to solve the heat spread problem in high-density data centres, and liquid cooling technologies have become a necessary choice for i hardware and cluster evaporation.
To participate in the development of digital infrastructure and to enhance the IAC solution combination, ICSID has the hope of further improving its income level by using its own distributed all-mortality storage, leachate cold, computing services, etc.
Arithmetic applications downstream, actively taking advantage of industry opportunities. A company based on its technical advantages in the field of computing actively pursues R & D and business expansion at the end of the application. During the reporting period, the company released its Smart Industry Strategy and its latest R & D platform, the Wise Industries.
It can simultaneously provide bottom-level technical support, such as computing, communications, control, security, and life cycle support and services, to help the industry achieve its digital transformation goals. We believe that companies are expected to build multi-dimensional protected rivers through arithmetic industry application.
It invests in a number of high-quality assets, and the layout of the whole industry's chain is "Key-End-Cloud" . The company invests in many high-quality assets, such as sealight information, Chinastar maps, dawn cloud calculations, China, China, China, China, China, China, and dawn.
In the future, companies are expected to benefit from deeper business synergies, technological barriers, self-contained and autonomous business ecology, and stability.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: In 2024, companies are expected to be deeply involved in building the capacity of beneficiary countries to produce arithmetic at a slower rate than expected; large-scale models of national production at a slower rate than expected; and standards are being introduced at a slower rate than expected.
I do not receive any form of compensation directly or indirectly for my specific recommendation or opinion in this report.