In January-December 2016, a total of 63.57 billion yuan, or 29.2 per cent more than the previous year, was earned by commercial snakes and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies were $9.58 billion, or 97.5 per cent more than last year.
During the reporting period, the company made substantial progress in the development of the former maritime zone and announced successively the Tungzhou Lake Town Government Corporation Cooperation Project and the Shenzhen International Exhibition Centre.
The project shows that the company’s strategy of “former port-central zone-back town” is accelerating its landing. Given the value of the company’s superior land resources, high sales targets, and performance commitments, we give the company an area of 4.71 million square metres, with a sales contract of 73.9 billion yuan, an increase of 28.4 per cent.
In 2017, the company planned to achieve a sales value of 100 billion yuan, with investment focused on two lines and multiple access to land resources. With regard to land reserves, the company focused on one or two core cities, with current land reserves of 18.26 million square metres, equity reserves of 12.91 million square metres, last year.
In addition to securing resources from the open market, synergies in the group’s resources and the expansion of the new industrial city have become important avenues. In 2017, companies planned to start construction at 7.65 million square metres by 40 per cent and to complete construction at 5.28 million square metres.
In July 2016, the company formed a joint venture with a 50:50 equity share of the former PA company to develop and build 2.9 square kilometres of former sea land covered by the cooperation, with 41.25 per cent of the actual development interest.
It marks a major breakthrough in the innovation of the former sea snakes’ trade zone mechanism. By the end of 2016, the public administration’s land and property in the former sea snakes’ trade zone in Shenzhen had totalled 5.16 million square metres, including: the snake zone (2.2 million square metres), the Prince’s Bay area (530,000 square metres) and the former seamount area (2.38 million square metres).
In August 2016, the Department signed an agreement with the Beijing City and the Tonzhou Regional Government for the integrated development of the town of Lake Taiwan through the establishment of a platform company; the company competed jointly with the Hong Kong City of China for the Shenzhen International Exhibition Centre (phase I) project, which is to be implemented by the Ministry of Finance.
The commercial accompaniment and exhibition industry is involved in the Shenzhen International Exhibition Centre through the Bot model. Sales are subject to market restrictions and monetary policy at market prices on March 28, 2017; the development of former sea snake sites has been less advanced than expected.
Real estate: real estate development