The net profit of the shareholders of the company was $9,581 million, an increase of 97.5 per cent. In 2015, the company completed the stock exchange to absorb the consolidated market property, accounting for the net profit.
The losses and losses of the former commercial property minority shareholders need to be eliminated and, after adjustment for the same calibre of net profits for the same period in the previous year, the net profits of shareholders belonging to listed companies increased significantly during the reporting period in relation to the same ratio of operating income and net profits. Companies achieved a total operating income of 63.573 billion yuan, an increase of 29.2 per cent over the same period, resulting in a return to \triangleright.
Net profit margins need to be excluded from the gains and losses of the original commercial property minority shareholders, and net profits attributable to listed companies during the reporting period increased by 39 per cent over the same period, after adjusting for net profits of the same calibre for the same period in the previous year.
Between point and 32.27 per cent; second-largest operating campus development and operation, with a total of $7,094 million, contributing a total of $3,666 million in gross profits; and Post, Seal, Dreamworks and the Pre-Hin Shenzhen Gulf Gardens, achieving a total investment return of $3,61 billion.The company ' s performance in 2016 exceeded expectations by 12 per cent of the $8,585 million committed at the time of the merger and is expected to move forward with the high-mori project into the carry-over cycle
During the reporting period, commercial smugglers achieved 73.9 billion yuan, a 28 per cent increase in sales, 4.71 million square metres, a 36 per cent increase in sales, an average sales price of 1.57 million per cent, and a ranking at the top of the industry, a source of financial prosperity in the East.
It is a matter of concern that the company ' s marketing capacity has increased significantly, reaching 64 per cent of its total de-value in 2016 and increasing its access to resources through a variety of channels over the previous year. The total amount of corporate resource access has risen to $90.5 billion in 2016, the highest in previous years.
In addition to three times the amount of \triangleright, 50 per cent of the projects were co-located, with companies actually paying just over 45 billion yuan; land was acquired in an area of 7.02 million square metres, with 4.31 million swathes, all of the projects were laid out in line one or two cities, 52 per cent of which were line one and 48 per cent of which were line two.
The company has a large land reserve that will ensure growth in performance over the next two years. The total land reserve of the company is 1,826 million parties, of which 1,290 million are interested, with a total value of about $23 billion. If the land reserve is slightly inadequate at the current rate of company development, it is expected that the company will be added in 2016, where the company ' s group of real-control agencies has signed a framework agreement with the former Sea Authority of Shenzhen City, which is dominated by the company ' s ownership platform.
We believe that this model of “small government + big business” maximizes the interests of the group and the company, whose deep involvement enables the company to share the huge benefits of the former sea not growing into a new centre in Shenzhen, especially in the current context of the emergence of the city's core region, where the company is actually involved in the development.
The cruise business, which is a priority for the company, has made significant progress during the reporting period. By the end of 2016, the Tai Son Wan Mail Mother Port had received 14 cruise ships and transported approximately 22,300 cruise passengers.
To benefit from this policy, the company will focus on the construction of a cruise mother port, and will create a centralized tourism operation, catering, duty-free trade, hotel recreation, port property, and financial services.
We believe that the strategic development of the company’s approach to the cruise business is clear and that the future will be coordinated with the strong financial foundations of the recruitment bureau group (banks, securities, funds, etc.), explore the business model of light assets, try the path of securitization of assets, and hopefully generate significant synergies in the future.
The company, based on its own characteristics, has developed innovative industries such as education, health care and health management, and old-age services, with considerable success during the reporting period \triangleright. A strategic cooperation agreement has been signed with the G30 International Education Group to land international schools in the former sea zone; and the American Health Center.
High-end medical examination services are now maturing, and the old-age apartment and the high-end nursing home in the Golden Valley in Guangzhou have been capped. The company’s layout in the area of innovative business is in the field of testing water, building valuable experience for the company’s increased investment in a number of fields.
Since its reorganization in 2015, the company has formed three major business blocks of community development and operation, cruises, and parks, and several blocks have been developed in concert. Co-opportunities of high-quality self-held property and core areas of the former Sea are core corporate values, and will show great market value in the future as the new pre-Hin Shenzhen Centre develops rapidly. At the same time, the companies are “State Enterprise Reforms”, “Self-Trade Zones” and “One”
As the strategies of each country continue to advance, it is hoped that the policy dividends will be realized.
Cheng Yang Yang, who is in the seventh place after the China Securities Industry Burly Award of 2012, is in the top 10 prizes (seventh place) as well as the Chinese Securities Industry Annual "Seller Institution's third position in the real estate industry" of 2012.
China’s Academy of Social Sciences, Dr. Leung Xiaocui. Joined the East Hing Stock Exchange in 2015 to conduct research in the real estate sector, focusing on the transformation of the real estate industry and on the researchers’ own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
There will be any change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.