Merchant Snakes (001979) Annual Report Assessment 2016 Performance is in line with expectations of generous returns to investors Incident: 16-year report of Merchant Snakes (001979) showed that 63.573 billion dollars were achieved in operating income, same as the previous report.
The ideal for performance growth is to meet expectations of generous returns to investors. The company achieved a total revenue of 63.573 billion yuan in 2016, an increase of 29.15 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net gain attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
Community development and operations continue to grow steadily. As a flagship company of the real estate block under the auspices of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry, China’s leading city and park complex is dedicated to building integrated development and operation services.
By the end of the fifteenth year, the company had combined the unique advantages of two main platforms, formerly commercialized real estate and snake-porter industries. The company divided its operations into three main business blocks: garden development and operation, community development and operation, and the development and operation of the cruise industry, all of which were expected to develop in the community.
In terms of development and operations, in 2016, the company’s operations in 36 cities, Hong Kong, New Zealand, etc. were further expanded. As a result of the change in the organization of the park, the company created a “plant development” with the development and operation of parks and new cities as its core business, focusing on parks and new industries.
In 16 years, the Sea World Water Complex was honoured as an important city hall in Shenzhen; the Apple Shenzhen Research and Development Center is located in the Niigata Valley to promote industrial upgrading.
A joint venture of 50:50 shares with the China Development Investment Holdings Ltd. - Shenzhen City, formerly Sea Snakesport Trade Investment Development Co. Ltd. - to lead the development of the former Sea Mother Bay Zone. Joint competition with Shenzhen Wa Ex-Cities Ltd. for the Shenzhen International Fair Centre (phase I) will
The business accompaniment and exhibition industry is involved through the Bot model, which is an integrated project investment, construction and operation of the Shenzhen International Exhibition Centre.
There has been steady progress in the construction and operation of the cruise industry. In 16 years, 9.4 square kilometres of the Prince of Snakes Bay area have been approved for the establishment of a “Chinese cruise tourism development pilot zone”, based on the convergence of the “double zone” advantage between the trade zone and the cruise tourism development pilot area. The Prince's Bay cruise port will be distributed in cooperation with the international and port Australian cruises.
A more important platform. Meanwhile, the Grand Open Port of the Prince of Snakes Bay is successfully completed. The Port of the Prince's Prince's Prince of Paradise has been set up with a reputation and commercial snakes have been initially deployed in the coastal cities of Shenzhen, Xiamen, Qingdao, Shanghai, etc. The company will be able to network at the national cruise port in the future.
In 16 years, the cruise industry generated 340 million dollars, an increase of 2.45 per cent, or 0.53 per cent of total income. The land was concentrated in the core urban land reserves.
During the reporting period, companies received 27 projects covering 720,000 square metres of buildings, including 4.31 million square metres of property. In 2016, 52% of the new land reserves were made up of front-line cities.
Second-line cities account for 48%. By the end of the period, companies are expected to hold development resources in excess of 18 million square metres, with a swap of $1 billion in loans, reducing foreign currency borrowing in interest-bearing liabilities by 15 percentage points compared to the same year, and making the corporate debt structure more stable and secure.
The company’s 16-year sales performance is ideal and meets expectations. The restructuring of the company has resulted in the overall listing of the BMG’s self-traded areas and urban building blocks, with more corporate business.
Co-ordinated development and sustained growth in the future is to be expected. The company’s market area is rich in land reserves, and the price rating system’s “market index” reference is 300 indexes. In the risk preference rating, products that do not involve a specific variety of recommendations and ratings are rated as base risk according to the market studied by the product.
A study with a general risk rating; a study on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, with a low risk rating.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.