The Nanjing Bank has a long-deep triangle with a focus on retail and trading banking strategies The Nanjing Bank has a long-deep triangle and a strong business base for publicly resourced companies.
In 2019, a strategic transformation of retail and tradable banks was launched to deepen the internal credit-optimization structure, upgrade customer integration services, and improve firm performance. The company’s asset quality and capital replenishment will guarantee rapid business development, valuation space, and first-time coverage with an increased rating.
In 2019, the Bank of Nanjing launched its new five-year development plan, actively promoting the transformation of the retail and tradable banking strategy. By the end of the second quarter of 2020, the company had been able to move forward.
The retail customer financial assets amount to $484.9 billion, an increase of 12.06 per cent from the beginning of the year, and the retail financial camps' trade banking strategy continues to deepen cash management, supply chain finance, trade finance, and cross-border gold.
The demand for financial services will continue to rise, and the development of tradable banks will help to increase customer stickyness and value-seeking and future development prospects.
As a result, the ratio of loans to assets at the end of the third quarter of 2020 rose by 2.8 per cent to 43.7 per cent from the end of 2019.
If the debt can be transferred and transferred smoothly, the core-level capital adequacy rate is expected to increase by 2 percentage points, according to our static calculations, to ensure rapid business development.
The Bank of Nanjing's asset quality performance remains excellent, and the negative quarter ratio of the three quarters of 2020 is based on the market rate of 25 November 2020, which is the standard for Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc.
The downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in the quality of assets beyond expectations, and the epidemic repeatedly affects the conduct of corporate operations.