Mechanical Group Newly signed bill growth to keep track of long-term revenue release, of which q3 achieved revenue of $55.732 billion in a single quarter, compared to 2.7 per cent in a single quarter of a year, q3 in a single quarter
According to the company announcement, 23 1. “China’s Chinese Car Company’s Depth: The Trans-Track Resurgence, Global Trend”
Business contracts amount to approximately $37.6 billion, a 62.8 per cent increase in the same year.
Investments in fixed assets amount to $50.89 billion, an increase of 7.1 per cent) and the resumption of passenger traffic: according to the Ministry of Transport and Transport, the country ' s railway passenger traffic recovered gradually in 23 years, reaching a total of 2,933 million passengers in January-September, an increase of 112 per cent. With the resumption of passenger traffic, the country has been heating up by tender teams, and the iron collection.
The first bid for the 23-year motor team was made in Group 103, which is over 22 years old. 3) We have a high-level level 5 repair cycle, which is about 10 years later, and the demand for level 5 repairs is going to be large, well beyond the 198 in the 22-year period.
We are deeply involved in the construction of the railway along the “one-way” route and are well on its way.
In September 23, the company-made high-speed train, which became the first Chinese high-speed train out of the sea. In October, the subsidiary was in the middle of a vehicle, and the passenger signed a sales contract with Serbia for about $420 million in mobile cars, which is China's speed.
For the first time, more than 200 km of mobile vehicles are exported to Europe, and China’s rail equipment exports have broken down considerably. As China and the countries along the “one-way” route deepen their cooperation in the field of rail transport, the public administration is expected to continue to benefit from the transfer of equipment to the sea.
The investment of fixed assets in railways has fallen short of expectations: bid procurement by start-up groups has fallen short of expectations: overseas industry expansion has fallen short of expectations: new industry has not developed as expected: exchange rate fluctuations risk.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market