As an open platform for research and development services, companies provide research and development services to small molecular chemical companies around the world, with 26 research and development bases/subsidies, including Shanghai, Suzhou, Tianjin, Wuhan, Changzhou and Philadelphia, São Paulo, Atlanta, Santiago, Munich, Germany, etc.
The company has provided research and development services to more than 3,000 clients worldwide, covering the top 20 pharmaceutical companies and new drug research and development institutions worldwide. As of 31 December 2017, the company has been able to increase its capacity to provide services to small-scale, different types and stages of development of small-scale molecular chemicals.
On the same day, the company is developing more than 1,000 new drug development projects for its clients, while supporting or carrying on the production of small molecular chemicals for more than 200 clinical i-ii, more than 30 clinical iii, and commercialization phases of several well-known drug companies around the world, including Pfizer, Rey, and Mercerton. Through integrated technology platforms, it can effectively place more entrepreneurial research and development thinking, bringing more potential breakthrough innovations into the research and development pipeline, and lowering the costs and thresholds of new drug development.
(1) Companies provide customized R & D services to international pharmaceutical companies, both physically operating in Central America and the United States. Over the years, the field of new drug research and development has been advanced, based on an in-depth understanding of the new drug R & D industry chain and a forward-looking diagnosis of trends in new drug research and development, through a series of strategic investments worldwide, integrating the capabilities of the new drug R & D industry chain, and working to improve overall competitive advantages downstream of the industry chain and to increase the niche service chain.
By December 31, 2017, the company had 14,763 employees and 11,721 research and development professionals. Building on its extensive global research and development base, the company built a strong integrated global service network, with over 3,000 clients and long-term partners in the world’s top small molecular pharmaceutical industry, with major clients covering Pfizer, Johnson, Novartis,
The top 20 pharmaceutical companies and new drug research and development institutions in the world, such as Rhodes, Mercado, and others. (2) Since its inception, the company has been the first to obtain a number of top international certifications, the first Chinese chemical manufacturing and control (cmc) research and development platform to pass the U.S. fda review, the first cgmp drug product production facility to meet quality standards in the United States, Europe, and China, and the glp bioanalysing experiment
The first cmo/cdmo company to produce commercialized raw materials and gmp intermediates for small molecular innovation, approved by government regulators such as China, the United States, the European Union, Japan, Canada, Switzerland, Australia, and New Zealand. By providing efficient, high-standard, high-quality technical services to large international pharmaceutical companies, companies assist clients in improving their R & D processes and processes in line with customer demand, in keeping with the changes in global new drug research and development technologies.
In recent years, companies have taken the lead in responding to calls for the upgrading of national industries by introducing advanced industry models, international standards for the development of services, quality control standards, advanced production technologies and equipment, and by bringing themselves and their counterparts into line with the world’s leading pharmaceutical companies, contributing to the internationalization of China’s drug chemical research and development capabilities, and promoting changes in the service model for new drug research and development in the country and the emergence of major new drug innovation industry policies.
(3) The company is the world ' s leading new drug research and development service provider with both cro and cmo/cdmo operations. From drug research and development, pre-clinical research, clinical trial research, through the commercial production phase, it is intrinsically connected to the entire supply chain system of small molecular pharmaceutical enterprises, such as research and development, procurement, production, etc., so that higher value-added technological output replaces simple output, providing innovative process research and development and scale production services to clients.
Under the business model of the cro+cmo/cdmo operation, companies are involved from the early stages of innovation drug development, working with clients throughout the life week of the innovation drug, and the technological concepts and management systems of the two parties are constantly sharpened, forming deep strategic partnerships. After the commercialization phase of the drug, clients will tend to continue the previous partnership, which is important in order to guarantee its quality stability and a sustained and reliable supply.
Through this model of cooperation, companies have become increasingly supportive and interdependent with their clients over a long period of professional service, leading to a stable, long-term strategic partnership that fosters sustained and steady growth in corporate business. Sofang: Master of Financial Engineering, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, 2015
In the six months following the report, this report has been prepared by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company will not be treated as a customer by the recipient of the report. The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report is consistent with the information expressed.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position, and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, and, if necessary, financial considerations.
You can consult with professional consultants on matters such as business, law, business, taxation, etc.