A steady increase in performance and development into a new, high-quality cycle Investment rating: buy-in (up)
The main non-operational gains and losses of the Division include: 1) one-time government subsidy of $33.33 million; 2) gains and losses on fair value arising from the holding of financial assets, etc., and the disposal of financial assets.
If one-time cost disturbance is not taken into account, the company’s net profit is stable.
Stock leads to a higher base and other core products are growing at a steady rate.
By the end of the first half of 2024, the company had five blood production bases in Shanghai, Zhengzhou, Heung Yu, Wenzhou and Nanning, with 44 single-plast plasma stations in Guangxi, Hunan, Hainan, Shaanxi, Anhui, Guangdong, Inner Mun, Zhejiang, Hubei, Jiangxi, Shandong.
11 provinces (autonomous regions) with a leading industry of scale. In July of 24, the Heir Group became the corporate realist, with three listed companies owned by the Healthy Group, and we believe that with the entry of new shareholders, the company is expected to continue to be empowered, with synergies in its operations and support.
We look forward to the company’s position as a leader in the industry, and Hale is expected to continue to lead it on the syrup.
Secondary coverage reports: major shareholder changes, old blood products magma stations not expanding as expected; risk of policy uncertainty; risk of goodwill impairment, etc. Field investments and secondary market research experience.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.