Tian Chi material (002709.sz) first-time coverage report 25h1 profit stability, the flagship effect highlights - semi-annual performance evaluation 2025 & first-time coverage report
Events: 25H1 achieved revenues of $7.03 billion, compared to +29.0 per cent, net gain of $270 million from the mother, and higher downstream demand-driven performance from the same gift materials (002709.sz).
With the rapid growth in the volume of raw materials such as long-drive power batteries, lithium electrolyte, and so on, we expect to maintain a strong presence during the period, while the gradual rise in the price of lithium is expected to raise the price of the product, and the company's productivity is positive.
The usage rate has steadily increased and is expected to increase further throughout the year. Positive material operations are expected to contribute to performance in the second half of the year after q2 line upgrades. □ duanshangchang_yj@chinastock.com.cn
The firm’s net interest rate has remained at around 4% of the top industry, and the industry’s bottom is now in place. As the downstream landscape improves, the supply and demand bureau continues to improve, and companies take the lead as champions.
During this period, the company announced its intention to build 150,000 tons of electrolyte and raw materials integration bases in Morocco; the company's intention to increase the impact of the global market by increasing the global market at the port crossing point in July. In addition, the company now reserves liquid phase-based lithium sulphide production technology, the sulfide solid state.
The electrolysis is in the middle of testing and the sample testing is actively carried out. Investment proposal: The company, a global tap of lithium electrolytic liquid products, has been able to integrate raw materials from the upstream sources of lithium hexafluoride, additives, etc. to the electrolyte layout, achieving technology, cost, scale, etc.
After a two-year industry cycle, the industry is expected to rise again with demand. In addition, the company has deployed a second-growth curve of positive material integration, glue, etc., with liquid-phase-sulphur-based lithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dioxide-based fully-sold batteries, ready for future periods.
corresponds to p.43x/28x/21x. First-time coverage gives a “recommended” rating. Catalog ~, 25h1 performance meets expectations
(i) Revenue and profitability: 89.7 per cent of the electric materials business, an increase of 33 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the increase in power cell loads driven by the sustained increase in the sale of new energy vehicles. According to the China Union of Dynamic Battery Industries, the volume of power cell loads in China increased by 47.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, resulting in lithium electrolysis fluids, etc.
Raw materials are growing rapidly, and we expect 25h1 electrolyte-related products to grow by more than 50% on a year-to-year basis, a slight increase in the scale of income, a decrease in the price of products mainly due to a decline in lithium prices; on the other hand, the company’s daily business product is basically maintained, and the industry associated with phosphate has increased. Looking ahead, downstream demand is expected to remain strong, while the gradual rise in lithium prices is expected to raise the price level of the product.
Corporate capacity utilization has increased steadily and is expected to increase further throughout the year. Figure 4: 25h1 ' s share of the domestic market has risen to 96% 1.03pcts.
The cost rate is relatively stable over the period, with high R & D inputs maintained. The cost rate for the 25h1 company period was 13.7 per cent, with sales, management, and companies with economies of scale and manufacturing management capabilities lower than comparable counterparts. Loss/receivables and receivables measure changes in credit risk and the company as a whole remains robust.
The firm ' s net interest rate level has been maintained, with a clear flagship effect. During the first half of 2025, the company achieved a return net profit of $270 million, compared to the comparable net interest rate of 24:25h1, compared with the non-return rate of the company (ii) capital structure and solvency.
(v) Dupont analysis, figure 39: Company 25h1 (black) versus Dupont 24h1 (blue) analysis split.
Global lithium cell electrolysis taps, fully integrated layout. Established in 2000, the company initially engaged in the development of personal care materials. In 2005, the company learned about the new lithium ion battery industry and took good note of its development. It began work on lithium ion battery material development. In 2007, the company started to produce a large volume of lithium ion cell electrolyte products, so that lithium battery materials, solar materials and specializeds could be sold.
In 2014, the company was listed in Shenzhen, with lithium cell electrolyte at its core in recent years, integrated layouts, autonomous development of core electrolyte raw materials and additives, and layouts of positive and front-loaded materials, both positive and negative, extreme glue, lithium battery rubber products, and battery material regeneration operations. The company ' s lithium cell electrolyte operation has been fully operational since 2015.
Deepening the internationalization strategy and actively expanding overseas production capacity. In 2020, companies launched a globalization development strategy, gradually establishing subsidiaries in the United States, Germany, Morocco, Singapore, and establishing laboratories in South Korea to accelerate globalization and internationalization.
The major exporters of battery materials products include the United States of America, Canada, France, Germany, the United Kingdom, Norway, Sweden, the Republic of Korea, Japan, Singapore, etc.
At the beginning of 2025, mutual equity transfers and joint ventures with Honeywell were made to achieve complementarity of advantage and source of capital; commissioning agreements were signed with duksanelectera, a member of the Texas Group, to facilitate the marketing of corporate products overseas. The company’s capacity currently covers the United States, the Netherlands, Germany, Morocco, Nigeria, Zimbabwe, Singapore, South Korea, etc.
The company conducts integrated layouts around the lithium cell electrolyte business. The company ' s products are divided into three main operating blocks of lithium battery material, solarized material and specific chemicals, battery material centred on cell electrolysis, equipped with lithium hexafluorate, new electrolytes, additives, iron phosphate, etc., which have high capacity and cost advantages and are widely used in new energy cars, digital products, fractions, etc.
Table 1: The company’s main products: long-term team development, continuous technology development. The company’s management team is mostly master’s, doctoral, and is rich in fine chemicals.
The company has always used technological innovation and talent-building as a development strategy, developing professionals autonomously through the establishment of a well-established training system and introducing long-term incentives such as equity incentives, continuously optimizing the pay and benefits system and providing institutional guarantees for the promotion of enterprise competitiveness.
At the same time, the company, in collaboration with higher schools such as the University of China, Zhejiang University, Guangdong Industrial University, has established the National Centre for Engineering Research and Development of the Ministry of Electrical and Chemical Energy and Technology, and has been authorized to set up the National Postdoctoral Research Workstation.
Table 2: Corporate management. The company ' s main business projections for the future are as follows:
The average value of the pe is 38x27x/19x. In the context of corporate business development and future strategies, we gave the company a 25-year 40~50xpe, first of all a global tap of lithium electrolyte products, which has now been integrated from the upstream raw materials of lithium hexafluorate, additives, etc. to the electrolyte, achieving a full lead in terms of technology, cost, size, etc., after almost two years of industrial cycles.
In addition, the firm has laid out a second growth curve of positive material integration, glue, etc., with the risk of increased competition in the industry. If competition in the industry increases further, the acquisition of market shares by firms through price reductions will lead to a new round of price wars, further pressure on the performance of firms in the industry and further erosion of corporate profits.
2. The changing global trade situation, the rise in Chinese and United States tariff barriers to global trade markets, the risk that the growth of restrictive policies against Chinese spare parts, raw materials, and so forth will hinder companies’ strategy of going out to sea.3 The risk of rising prices of raw materials.
China’s Galaxy securities cgs have personally committed themselves to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects their research views.
This report has been made available to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy Securities). Galaxy securities need not be considered a customer by the recipient as a result of the receipt of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact with the sales department or customer manager of the Galaxy securities agency, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics of the service, the concerns about its use and the risks or losses that may result if it is improperly used.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.