On the one hand, the flag-car-type Biadehan will drive the public.
On the other hand, the Dm-i supermix platform will be marketed to equalize the price of fuel trucks, and the Plus series will take over the market for economic fuel trucks with the advantages of renewal, power, fuel consumption, etc. We expect the company to increase its sales of new energy by car in 2021-2022.
• Upwards: Leer-to-Deer Markets, brand power breakthroughs. Biadehan, as his current flagship vehicle, brings together blade batteries, self-developed high-performance carbon, silicon mosfet electrical control modules, and the latest technology from Biadey.
Corporate prices compare to 300 deep, and Biadei has made a breakthrough in brand power. At the same time, Biadehan is more than sales, successful product ideas are expected to spread to other models with consumer approval, and thus overall sales are expected to be achieved.
• Explore: Positioning price butchers, dmi breakthroughs. Auto-brand hybrid technology is coming through the year. Biadidm-p and dm-i provide consumers with differential options, with dm-p being the main performance, and dm-i being the main economic.
Qinpus, Songpus, and Tangpus, built by the Mob platform, will be on the market in March 2021. Qinpus's price-fixing “price butcher” pre-sale price of $10.780 million, entering the mainstream fuel-car sales range, gaining advantage in terms of continuity, power, fuel consumption, etc.
On the other hand, the flag, on the other hand, is, on the other hand, the flag.
On the other hand, the market of the dm-i super-mixed platform will provide the basis for price discovery of the company ' s hybrid model, which will take over the traditional economy fuel truck market with the advantages of renewal, power, fuel consumption, etc. We expect the company ' s new talent for 2021-2022.
1 Biadey: New Energy Motor Leader in the Country. Biadi: New Energy Motor Leader in the Country. Biadi uses "Technology Innovation, Trustable, Lead Green Out" as a brand value concept, covering cars, cellular parts and assembly, secondary charger.
In the case of cars, Biadi is the leader of the country’s new energy vehicle, with a well-developed new energy three-power system.
Supply chain layout. On the product side, full area coverage of new energy vehicles, buses and special vehicles, with new energy vehicles forming dynasty and e brand series, downstream customers covering private and public travel.
Biyadi's new energy vehicle, the “7+4” strategic layout, covers all aspects of life and work History: from batteries to green guides. Biyadi was established in February 1995 to follow up with cadmium nickel batteries to lithium ion batteries. In 2003, the company became the world's second largest battery charger.
In the same year, companies acquired the Qincheon automobile industry, and in 2005 launched the first car, the Biadef 3. In 2008, Biadei entered the new energy car industry, and the first car, the f3dm, was officially listed. In 2010, Biadei entered the luminous field. In 2016 Biade further implemented the concept of “green travel” through cloud tracks.
In the case of new energy vehicles, the Biadi product has evolved rapidly over a decade, forming two major product systems: the Dynasty and the e Series. At the same time, it has become self-fulfilling in key components such as batteries, power semiconductors, etc.
Organizational change: From the Ministry of Enterprise to the Ferdys, the platform is gradually being opened. The Biadei Orchestra has been transformed from the Department of Enterprise to the Group to the Ferdys. In 2018, Biadei launched the e platform and announced that it would be shared across the industry. The creation of the Freddy brand is not just a strategic one.
Management stability, equity incentives to motivate employees.
At the same time, companies are actively promoting equity incentives and streamlining corporate incentives to further mobilize corporate motivation. On April 15, 2020, companies implemented the 2020 Equity Incentives Plan for directors, senior managers, core cadres, etc., of their subsidiary Biadi Semiconductor Limited.
We believe that the Biadi semiconductor promotes the core modules of the company’s electrodynamic and intellectual ability, and that the implementation of the equity incentive program is expected to enhance stability at the core asset management level. The layout: the national layout of the production capacity, and globalization of research and development.
At the level of research and development, Biadi has a global centre for research and development in Shenzhen.
And there are R & D centers in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, Los Angeles, Brazil, and São Paulo, Brazil, where the full volume of R & D is achieved: based on new energy vehicles, which drive green mobility. Biadi is the largest new energy manufacturer in the country.
From the sales structure, the year 2018 started with dragonface 2.0, and Biadi’s year-round share of new energy vehicles remained in the range of 40-50%. By the end of 2020, the company’s year-round share of new energy by car was in the range of 40-50%.
For 180,000, the city as a whole registered a decline from 2019, mainly due to competitive pressures from Tesla, the new forces, and such hot-marketing models as Mitsubishi macromini, on the one hand, and the 2020 Biadi new energy model, on the other hand, which was generally in a vulnerable cycle, the heavy-pound vehicle-type flagship, Biadehan, which was listed in July 2020, and, on the other hand,
Looking ahead to 2021, we believe that Biadi will make a complete breakthrough. In the private sphere, Bia Di will gradually improve the product system, with its “up-and-down” core. In the high-end, Biadihan will be on the market, and it is expected to continue to consolidate Biadi’s high-end market in 2021.
To further reduce the price gap between new energy vehicles and conventional fuel trucks, Biadi Qinplus will be put on the market as a “price butcher” and, with the advantage of low fuel consumption, power and prices, is expected to boost Biadi’s sales ceiling. In the area of public travel, Biadid1 will be important in its public travel.
Figure 13 Biadi's annual sales of new energy usage, Chart 12 Biadi's sales structure shows that Biadi is divided into three main parts of automobiles, electronics and secondary charge batteries, of which the Automobile Business Company takes over.
It is expected that, with the rapid growth of new-energy cars, the share of automobiles is expected to increase, benefiting from the rapid development of new-energy cars, and that corporate revenues will grow steadily. By the first three quarters of 2020, Biadi will have collected $105 billion, an increase of 12%.
That's it. In 2019, the company's hot-marketed vehicle, the Biadezon fuel version, was on the market and continued to be sold, and the company's share of new energy vehicles declined. We think that the public sector's share of new energy cars will rise as the company's product cycle of power comes in.
Figure 16 Byadi's share of revenues Figure 15 Byadi's annual earnings Profitability: Pre-subsidization is more affected and high-end vehicles and dmi are expected to increase corporate profitability.
A year ago, after benefiting from the rapid development of new energy vehicles and the abundance of new energy subsidies, the company’s Māori rate rose steadily and reached an all-time high (20.4%) in 2016. As the speed of new energy vehicle subsidies eased the slope, companies made breakthroughs in high-end vehicle-type areas, while companies would make technological changes.
Now, the roll-out of Blade Batteries and Dmi will further reduce the cost of new energy cars, and corporate profitability will match the Māori share of the 18 companies' business.
On April 23, 2020, four ministries, including the Ministry of Finance, issued a new energy automobile subsidy policy for 2020.
(1) The new energy car subsidy policy is extended to 2022, and the subsidy rates for 2020-2022 are 10%, 20%, and 30%, respectively, of the previous year.
(2) Public transport, passenger transport, rental (including network), sanitation, urban logistics, etc., 2020 Subsidy standards do not fall back, 20% downside from previous year to 2021-2022: (3) New energy must be sold at less than $300,000 (including $300,000) before subsidies are subsidized, in order to encourage “forwards”
The new business model “Electrification” has been developed to speed up the promotion of new energy vehicles, which are not subject to this requirement for “change modes”; (4) the regionalization of fuel cell subsidies, as notified; (5) the transition period from 23 April 2020 to 22 July 2020.
The sale of registered vehicles that meet the technical target requirements of 2019 but do not meet the technical target requirements of 2020, the 0.5-fold subsidy corresponding to the 2019 subsidy rate, and the sale of registered vehicles that meet the technical target requirements of 2020 are subsidized according to the 2020 standard.
In 2021, the private sector bus subsidy fell 20% on a 2020 basis, consistent with the previous period’s expected insurance. We believe that the easing of the downside rate of subsidies provides a more stable policy environment for consumers’ purchases, manufacturers’ introduction of new models, etc., and that market disturbances will be minimized.
The number of vehicles has increased, and the distribution structure has become more rational. The prices of early new energy cars are higher when they are imported into the market, and support for subsidized policies is essential to stimulate the sale of new energy vehicles and to enable them to replace traditional fuel trucks.
The subsidy policy was more in favour of a00-class vehicles with shorter duration miles, so the sales in the pure electric field a00-grade vehicles were more than 50%. As battery technology developed and policy orientation shifted to a high-continuing model, the share of a-grade vehicles in the pure electric vehicle type in the country reached 55% by 2019, and more so.
Under the pressure of subsidy policies and double-centre policies, the start-up of new power-generating vehicles as suppliers is much faster than in the overall automobile industry. The gradual improvement of the model has given consumers more choice, which has also led to a gradual increase in the volume of new energy vehicles and a more rational distribution structure.
Figure 232017: Structure of new energy by car sales, Figure 242020: Patterns of new energy by car sales: a one-size-fits-all shift to 100 homes. Early in the development of new energy vehicles, whether at the policy end or not.
It's the response of the car company, and the development of the autonomous brand of new energy vehicles is ahead of the joint venture. Before 2018, the autonomous brand took up almost the full share of the domestic market for new energy vehicles. But, beginning in 2018, the new car-making power began to deliver, particularly in the purely electric field, while the joint venture brands gradually increased, through the existing ones.
The hybrid version of the car gradually takes up the share of the mixed market. Teslamodel3 was produced in 2020, competition patterns in the domestic market for new energy vehicles were changed further, and the country was in the process of being produced, and new forces and joint brands were set up, which would invest more models in the new energy car market.
In the case of consumers, more car-type options are expected to further stimulate consumer markets and facilitate the development of domestic markets. And, in the case of home-owned producers, a more competitive environment will force autonomous producers to become more competitive.
Intelligentity is associated with the development of new energy vehicles. From the point of view of electronics, electric cars are better suited to the layout of a high-calculation platform, i.e., to a high-automated driving system.
According to the Bureau, the entire company is going through an overstretch to a centralized layout, which is expected to be achieved by 2021-2022. In terms of the matching of the key components, the high-calculus platform and laser radar will start to produce quantities in 2021, thereby further accelerating the spread of high-stage autopilot systems.
The natural advantage of a stage autopilot system to match a new energy vehicle is that it will have a greater advantage in terms of user tests, differentiated competition, etc. Multi-factor support for new energy vehicles is widespread.
From a competitive standpoint, autonomy, joint ventures and new power in car-making are moving into a stage where the product is more diversified and mature, and more market-specific products are available to consumers. High-stage auto-drive systems match new energy vehicles with natural advantages and new ones.
Energy cars will have a greater advantage in terms of user experience, differential competition. At the same time, new power-pool technologies and hybrid technologies will further reduce the price differentials between new energy vehicles and conventional fuel trucks, which are expected to be more pronounced. We believe that new energy vehicles are at a high level of demand.
At this stage of rapid development, multifactoral improvements will make the industry more sustainable. Chart 28, New Energy Vehicle Sales Forecast (millions), 3 Attack: Leer-to-Deer High-end Market, Brand Power Breaking
Core view: Biadehan, as his current flagship model, brings together blade batteries, self-developed high-performance carbonized silisfet electrical control modules, and other latest technologies from Biade. The market is hot, leading Biadee to a breakthrough in branding. And Biadehan is more than just selling, and the concept of a successful product is lost.
It is hoped that, with the approval of the payer, it will be possible to achieve an overall increase in sales. 3.1 The “blades” will lead to a new growth year. From 2018 to 2020, due to the downside effects of subsidies and the movement of new energy vehicles.
In the second half of 2020, as the epidemic eased the recovery, the volume of new energy vehicles continued to rise, and the volume of power batteries increased significantly. In the second half of the year, subsidies reduced the marginal decline of the downside effect.
The growth in the marketization of new energy vehicles is beginning, and power cells are expected to return to high-growth patterns in 2021. Chart 292017-2020 (gwh) Data on Domestic Power Batteries (Gwh) The company’s power cell load is the second-largest in the country, mainly related to the sale of new energy vehicles.
Between 2017 and 2020, the company ' s share of power cell loads stabilized at more than 15%, the second highest. Power cells can be classified according to the positive material used, with different positive material characteristics, three dollars superior in terms of high energy density, and phosphate lithium superior in terms of value and safety.
Extreme materials are mainly lithium cobaltate (lco), lithium manganese acid (lmo), lithium phosphate (lfp) and trinity (ncm). Lithium cobaltate is the first positive material to be commercialized, with high voltage, high vibration, stable structure, safety, but high cost and low capacity. Lithium manganese is good in low cost, high voltage, but less circulation and gram.
The trio material varies according to the content, capacity and cost, and the overall energy density is higher than that of lithium phosphate and lithium cobaltate. Lithium phosphate is low, has good circulation and safety, but has lower voltage platforms and lower pressure density, leading to lower overall energy density.
At the core, the low cost of lithium phosphate is significant and will continue to be significant. In the Lithium Series II, Reheating Trends are now emerging, and Lithium phosphate is spring to spring, we have detailed estimates of lithium phosphate from the straight poles.
The cost advantage is to reach the core and the pack level. Lithium phosphate can be reduced at the positive extreme level by about two thirds; taking into account the limit of cobalt-free and trivalent prices down to 100,000 tons, the cost of lithium phosphate is still significantly higher than the cost of the three, with 50 per cent and more than 20 per cent of the drop advantage at the positive and core levels.
In the post-subsidization era, the advantage of the phosphate lithium value ratio was highlighted, with strong returns to the power market, with a steady increase in installed power, with 53% installed in December 2020 and 39% in January-December. New energy vehicles are coming from the same source.
In the transition to market-driven policies, the ratio of triple dollars to lithium iron has also continued to change. The ratio of high energy density has risen rapidly since then because subsidies have been tilted toward high energy density.
With the development of lithium phosphate and the emergence of techniques such as “knife” “ctp”, the energy density of the lithium phosphate batteries has increased considerably, the difference between subsidies and triples has narrowed significantly, and the cost advantage has begun to be realized.
Power. Knife Battery pulls out the width of the core, reduces the thickness, and then synthesizes the battery package through a few large modules. Super-long cores are extremely demanding from design and manufacture, and requires the creation of a range of requirements for assembly, coating, pressure, stacking, etc., taking into account the internal stress of the core and the strength of the shell.
The company owns a manufacturing management system of 4.0 level of the blade-cell factory industry, which is spread throughout the production workshops, the control standard system, etc., which automates hardware for plant equipment, the trusting between equipment and equipment, and the intellectualization of the control level becomes the strongest “back-up” for the efficient and stable quality of blade-cell production.
Blade cells are based mainly on the lithium phosphate system, which can increase volume utilization by more than 50%, resulting in a 30% reduction in the primary product. According to the plan, the energy density of the first generation of Biadi Blade battery has reached 140wh/kg, with a volume energy density of 230wh/l, with a single energy density expected to be greater than that of 2025.
180wh/kg, system energy density increased to 160wh/kg, and volume energy density increased to 330wh/l. The Blade Batteries programme was first applied in the Biadi “Han” pure electric model, with a maximum of 605 km. Batteries are about to accelerate, opening a new era in company battery operations.
Starting with the unbundling of the battery business and the extension of external customer relations, the company has now established partnerships with Chang An, the Central Quality Unit, and Kim Conn's new energy sources. The release of the Blade battery also led to a total of 162.18mwhh outside the first three quarters of the year, accounting for Biadi's total installed aircraft in the first three quarters of 2020.
The Jingang New Energy, Chang-Ann and the Central Iqing Section, respectively, carry Bialdi 40.31/39.34/36.14mwh, which are the main clients of the Bial-Diat battery. Jing-Kang New Energy, Chang-An and Chang An-Fut, respectively, are used vehicles, while the remainder are used for special use vehicles.
3.2 Hm: Upwards of brands, success in more than sales Product layout: technology and value for money, dynasty and e series of breakthroughs. Biadi now owns two major product lines, the dynasty and b, with a product price coverage of $5 to $300,000, and the world's most well-placed new energy products.
Good business. Since 2018, under the company’s new product cycle, the company’s sales and product power have been in the Crown Series: the Biadi high-end series of the Dynasty Series, which is technology-oriented, performance-oriented. The Dynasty Series was the first to carry Biadi’s forward-looking technology, and Biadehan the company.
Blade batteries, cutting-edge technologies such as high-performance carbonized silicon mosfet electrical control modules. The latest dmi supermix platform will be mounted on Biadi Qinplus, Songplus, and Tangplus.e Series: e Series E is more cost-effective and promotes new intellectual experience.
In September 2018, Biadi launched the bna architecture, with full openness at its core. The bna architecture is a more advanced modular car-making concept than Yadi, which, while upgrading vehicle capabilities and quality, significantly reduces the development cycle of new models, which can be quickly rolled out.
bna covers the four concepts of an intellectual platform, an intellectual platform, an autopilot platform, a new energy platform, and a vehicle-type platform, a power system, an electronic system, an ecosystem, etc.
bsp, bmp, blp, for small, medium, large vehicles; power systems: fuel, dm, e platform (pure electric); electronic systems: dilink system, other electronic devices, etc.; ecosystems: app, smart driving module, etc.
Figure 40 Byadebna structure Chart 41 Byade platform distribution
The former Biyadi technology was highly developed, with its latest dragonface 3.0 design speech in its appearance, and Biyadi Biyadi, with a price of 200,000 to 300,000 in the middle-high-end vehicle type, such as blade batteries, autonomously developed high-performance carbonated siliconsfet electrical control module.
The contestants include model3, little pap 7, which compares pricing, power parameters, intelligent configuration, and space, and which compares prominently with the value-added and competitiveness of the Biadehan. The Han market is hot, and the current monthly sales level is over 10,000, making a breakthrough in Biade branding.
Chart 42 is more critical to success than to sales, and technology and brand extension. Flagships are more important than just changing the design language once a year, leading to the design trend in the automobile industry, where the model cls represents.
Benz-looking design language, s-level, represents the next generation of Benz interior design language. We believe that the new technology on board in Han has gained market recognition, and that it is hoped that new technology and design, such as blade batteries, carbonated silicon, and dragon face 3.0, will be extended to other types of vehicles, leading to an increase in corporate overall sales.
4. Explore: Positioning the price butcher, dmi to mix the 4.1 hybrid system: autonomous breakthroughs, mixing to accelerate new energy penetration; hybrid technology development is equally important for the spread of new energy vehicles.
One of the most important technological routes, the development of hybrid technology, is equally important for driving new energy vehicles. The hybrid model has the advantage of low fuel consumption and power, as opposed to conventional fuel vehicles, while the market for super-mixed systems, such as dmi, increases the price differential between fuel trucks and hybrid vehicles, which are now natural for alternative fuel vehicles.
According to the energy-saving and new energy technologies road map, hybrid models will account for more than 50% of conventional energy vehicles by 2025, while hybrid models will completely replace traditional energy vehicles by 2035. Global-led car manufacturers will also make hybrid technologies one of their priorities for future development as global hybrid technology leads.
Toyota's development plan for a new energy vehicle was five years ahead of schedule, with more than 4.5 million hybrid vehicles expected to be produced in 2025.
Toyota’s vs. Honda’s i-mmd system is at the top of the world.
(1) Toyotaths: The Toyotaths hybrid technology is a power-distributed system that prefers engine-driven vehicles, more electrically driven vehicles, with no pure engine-driven mode. The system consists of two motor generator (mg1 and mg2, respectively), mixed motors and planetary gear systems.
The core is the power-distribution unit (psd), the planetary gears. The advantage of thiss is that it is very well structured. (2) Hondaimmd: Hondaimmmd is a single-speed hybrid model, close to a hybrid power system in a pure power-driven mode. Immmmd is divided into three modes of work: pure electrical mode, hybrid mode, engine-driven model.
. In hybrid mode, the vehicle is actually driven by an electric power unit, and the engine recharges the battery by driving the generator, or drives the power. The mix structure is simpler than the overall mix structure of the ths, immd. (3) hybrid: the mix mode is achieved by joining the motor, which can be divided into po-p4, depending on its location.
Typical include p0+p3+p4 in Biadidm3, p0+p4 in the Great Wall, p2.5 in the Jili vehicle. Overall, the hybrid structure is complex and costly.
Chart 47 Toyotaths architecture Chart 49ths and immd principles Started in the Year of Automation with a break-up of the Autonomous Brand. In the second half of 2020, Autonomous Brands are mixing their collars.
Wide air autonomy will be introduced into Toyotaths technology, and the Great Wall car will be issued dht, compared to Yadi's release dmi technology. In terms of the technology's route and system structure, it will be introduced into Toyota's ths technology, and the Wall's cars, dht and Biadi's dmi, will be structured more like Honda's immd. Although dht,
dmi and immd are more structurally similar, but there will still be significant differences in engine, battery, electrical and system-marking surfaces. (1) Wall car dht: Wall car dht hybrid system base in Honda immd
It has been improved by using a double-speed hybrid model, i.e., an additional set of gears (the two gears of g2\g3) capable of selecting suitable slots based on working conditions. From the product layout, the dht hybrid system has a total of three power sets and three power combinations, including 1.5l special launch +dht100, 1.5t special launch.
Motives +dht130, 1.5t mixed motors +dht130+p4 combined. On the side of the battery, the phev 4-drill version will use a 45kw large battery. (2) Biadedmi: compared to Hondaimmd, it's a bit of the Yadehs mix system in the layout.
A parallel layout with a two-voltage engine has a more flexible layout advantage than an immd and axle layout. At the same time, it has an advantage over the Aadidmi system in terms of batteries, engines, etc. For batteries, Biadi uses phosphate iron, lithium blade batteries, battery packages between 8.3 and 21.5kwh, and Biadi uses a large battery plushs strategy.
It is expected that engine efficiency will be further optimized. At the engine level, Biadi uses the newly developed cloud-plugged 1.5l engine, with a heat efficiency of 43 per cent, exceeding the engine used for the immd system.
Figure 53ehs Motor Co-operation System Transfers Road Map Figure 54 Combining special engine efficiency comparisons 4.2 acts as "price butchers" to accelerate the spread of new energy vehicles
Focus, dmp and dmi provide differentiated options. The core of the Yadi hybrid power system in the forward period is more focused on performance, with higher product premiums obtained through high performance performance, to compensate for the price differential between the hybrid model and the conventional fuel vehicle.
But pure performance products face a narrower market, and dmi’s introduction compensates for Biadi’s economic weakness. The dmi hybrid system is economic in nature, based on the best possible sense of the advantages of new energy vehicles.
At the same time, the new dmi system, because of its more sophisticated structure, has fallen at the end of the system, allowing the relevant model to counterbalance prices with conventional fuel trucks. On the basis of the dmi super-mixing platform, the plus series is heavily marketed. On the basis of the dm-i supermixing platform.
The three-car model (Qinpus, Songpus, and Tangpus) will be officially marketed in March 2021, and the price of the plus series will be reduced to a different degree than the one based on dm3.0.
In terms of economics, Qinpus provides 55km and 120km versions, with a 100km fuel consumption of up to 3.8l, but it can still guarantee that 100 kW will accelerate within 8s. Qinpus’ entry price is $1078,000, entering the mainstream economy.
The price range for fuel trucks is $10.78 million, which is the price range for the mainstream economy.
We believe that consumers are more concerned about fuel consumption in the area of economic sedans, than in the area of dm-i supermix flat.
The station is superior to its competitors in terms of fuel consumption, while it has an experience beyond the level of power performance that surprises its consumers. So Qinpus, as a heavy-pound vehicle for the new energy prices of Biadi, sells for a period of time.
Figure 59 Qinplus Appearance, Figure 62 Annual Sale of Cars (V), Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations
(1) New Energy Motors: By the year 2021, Biadi entered a powerful cycle. On the one hand, the flagship will drive the corporate brand upwards, and on the other hand, the listing of the dm-i supermix platform will provide a price-deep basis for the mixer model, the plus series, which is based on continuity, power, fuel, etc.
We expect that 2021-2022 will see the company's new energy use vehicle (2) and that the company will actively promote a strategy of electricization that will gradually reduce the investment of resources in the traditional fuel vehicle sector, so we assume that the company's traditional fuel vehicle will now contract.
Valuation analysis: three major industries, namely, automobiles, electronics, secondary charge batteries and photovoltaics, owned under the Biadi flag, make it more reasonable to use the segment valuation method. (1) Automobile: Biadi is a leading domestic new-energy car company, with more than 50 per cent of the automobile business coming in.
New-energy-based automobile companies around the world, including new forces such as Tesla, Uri, Peng, Ideas, etc., as well as companies such as the North Gas Blue Valley, we use them to deal with new-energy cars in Biadi.
Source car development is still at an early stage, and most of the new forces are in a state of loss, so we use the ps for valuation. (2) Electronics: we use the Port Equity Biade for valuation.
(3) Power Batteries: Biadi is the country’s second-largest power cell delivery company, and, with a target point for the Triangular Company, will be gradually opened to the outside world, with a larger margin of marginal change. This can be valued in the light of the Ninder era. We expect Biadi to supply it in 2025.
Biyadi semiconductor: Biyadi semiconductor is core competitive in the field of igbt and will be marketed and open to the outside world.
By branch, the company ' s new energy car against the firm 2021 pss 13x: traditional car against the firm 2021 ps 2x. Biadi entered the product cycle in 2021, with the brand moving upwards while achieving a rapid increase in the sales of new energy cars through dmi.
We believe that there is still room for upswing in stock prices. For the first time, we cover and give a “buy-in” rating. Macroeconomic growth is slowing.
There is uncertainty about the location and implementation of policies in the automotive sector. As previous acquisition tax preferences retreated, new stimulus policies, including specific policies to stimulate car consumption and ease the entry of pickups into the city, were not yet in place.
The rule has not yet been published, and there is uncertainty about the policy incentives. Competition in the new energy car market has increased.
Lower, but there is still a risk that the downside of subsidies will affect overall profitability in the future. The Huaanan Securities New Energy and Automobile Research Group: covers the electricity and automobile industries, Song Weizheng: five years of experience in the auto industry, a Master’s degree from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, covers the areas of transport, commercial vehicles, auto parts, and new energy vehicles and traditional cars.
Teen Fei: Four years of research experience in industrial design and voucher industry, Master of Commerce, Kedge, France, and a complex background in electrical engineering and finance, covering the lithium electricity industry chain. Shen Si: three years of research experience in buyer industry, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering wind and light voltage; methodology, using information on legal compliance, and producing the present report independently and objectively, using data and information from the market.
I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only.