Recapitulation and outlook: thick and thin, from expected re-engineering to performance turning point; Biadei (002594.sz) new start-up cycle from expected re-engineering to performance turning point
Biadi is the leader of a new energy vehicle in the country, and on the supply chain, has achieved an integrated layout from a three-power system to a full-blown car production; on the car model, the Focus Dynasty Series and the e Series, perfecting the brand structure and driving the brand up strategy. In the short run, the company’s new new energy vehicle cycle has arrived, and performance has now been lost.
At the same time, the cost of continuous improvements in blade batteries, dm-i systems, and processes has fallen, and we believe that the profitability of Biadi's entire operation is on the basis of a departure from the subsidy.
In the long term, as the supply chain open strategy continued, the company was positioned as a provider of electric car solutions, and edm-i started a new era of Biadi ' s hybrid vehicle use, with low acquisition costs plus very low fuel consumption.
dm-i directly hit the phev core pain point - system cost, Qinplusdm-i pre-sale $10.78-1478 million, which is 4-7 million less than the same joint venture phev; acquisition cost (fuel car with purchase tax) and the same type of joint venture fire 2021-0: the fuel tank is almost flat. Super low fuel consumption is also the main advantage of the dm-i structure, and Qinplusdm-i is losing electricity.
Just 3.8l/100km, thanks to the power-based ehs mix. We expect 100,000 Qin plusm-i to be sold in 2021; in the long run, we expect more than 250,000 Qin plus to be sold in the future.
Cost is an important competitive factor when the new energy automobile industry moves from high-end to low- and medium-end vehicle-type penetration. For the three-star development of smartphones, Biadi, also pursuing an integrated layout, multi-product matrix strategy, is expected to win in the middle-end car market with excellent supply chain control and cost advantages.
At the high end of the market, Han has proven his competitiveness, differential positioning + silicon short-boarding helper better than Jadi's feet. In the future, the company is positioned as a provider of electric car solutions, and the potential value of the supply chain is released.
Biyadi was created in 1995 to be the founder of the global new energy package. The company uses the second battery industry as the founder of the global new energy package. Biyadi is now working to create a new energy ecosystem with zero emissions, and the main business now covers cars (electric, fuel), electronics, batteries (mainly including).
Photovoltaic batteries, 3c batteries, cloud tracks. Automobile business is a company core business, with a ratio of up to 53.0 per cent for 2020h1 automobile business.
Corporate review: The performance of companies over the past decade has been highly correlated with subsidy policy, technological innovation, and the new vehicle-input cycle, with stock price increases from June 2011 in a stock market to the present, and increases in the new energy vehicle index (884076.wi) over the same period, and analysis of the net profits of firms at all stages of their return (a detailed analysis of the profitability of the company will follow).
(1) Profit level: The different steps of the cost reduction versus the subsidy slope, and the cycle of new vehicle delivery are the main factors influencing the level of profitability of new energy vehicles. Subsidy retreats increased significantly in 2018-2019, although in 2018 there were multiple replacements and new models in Biadi.
With intensive listings, the volume of new energy by car sales grew by 96.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, but the net profit on corporate homecoming fell by 31.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis. Corporate equity performance in general largely converged with the trend in the new energy car block, with both rounds of excess gains relative to the industry coming mainly from major breakthroughs in technology and resulting in lower costs and higher product performance and higher-quality vehicle sales than expected.
Phase 2: 2016 q1-2017q3 shares clearly run out of the industry and their value runs out of profit levels, mainly as a result of the gradual introduction of new energy models by manufacturers such as North Gas, Yong Wai, Jili and the crushing of the company’s share of the market; and market concerns and subsidies.
We believe that the core of this boom is a re-evaluation of the market’s competitiveness in Biadi – a high-predictable level of sales that proves the competitiveness of the high-end model; and dm-i-led phev pricing.
Other fuel vehicles will facilitate the accelerated replacement of the Biadei blender at the lower and middle end of the market; supply chain openings and promotions 1.1. Industry: The different steps of lower costs and more subsidized slopes affect the profitability of new energy automobiles operations; The increase in subsidies since 2017 will have an impact on the profitability of company automobiles.
The policy began in 2013 with a general trend towards a gradual decline in the level of subsidies and a gradual increase in the demand for technical indicators. Larger, the subsidy threshold is rising.
Increases in single-car power and, in turn, the mileage for renewal, and increases in energy intensity through the conversion of phosphate lithium batteries into triple-dollar batteries, while meeting higher-level subsidy requirements after subsidizing the slopes and raising the threshold, while raising costs, the Māori rate for company automobile operations continued to drop in 2017 and 2018; and, on the other hand, by technological innovation, it contributed to a decrease in costs (plugged-in)
(a) The continuous upgrading of technology and pure electricity, the introduction of more energy-density and less costly lfp blade batteries.
The role of power generators varies from location to location. Po: before the transformer box and connected to the engine via the belt, the power generation start-up of the single engine (bsg). p1: on the axis of the engine, the function is similar to that of the p0 and the engine can be shut down and the brake energy recovered.
Power generation, auxiliary power output. P2: Disconnect between the clutch and the transformer input axis, can drive the wheel separately, and can cut the connection to the engine when the kinetic energy is recovered.
P3: Pre-axis power, placed at the output end of the decryption tank, increased front-axis output, brake energy recovery, pure power drive
P4: Back-axis power, placed on a drive bridge with a function similar to that of a p3 power plant, capable of brake energy recovery, pure power drive, which began in 2005 with the development of plug-in techniques and the launch of a 4-generation dm system.
In 2008, Biadi launched the first phev-f3dm on a dm1.0 system, using an integrated hybrid system (which directly combines electric motors with a transformer box) with a double electric engine consisting of a 1.0l engine, a 50kw power engine (drivers) and a 25kw power generator (generator).
(b) working principles: (1) when battery power is sufficient, cars enter pure power mode, power cells directly supply electric motors, and motor power is transmitted directly to the wheels by fixed teeth compared to a deceleration device. (2) When battery power is lower, cars enter a cascade mode, engine operations drive generators generate power, then power the motor motor by reversors;
(3) In the case of high loads or accelerations, vehicles enter hybrid mode, at which point the clutch absorbs, the engine and the electric motor jointly drive the vehicle: (4) the motor drive to convert excess kinetic energy into electrical energy stored in the power cell at deceleration time. dm1.0 ' s main advantage is that it is most appropriate to use the generator and the engine as a two-power structure.
The speed at which the engine and the dual power units actually have the largest combined output power of 80 kw and the driving smoothness is poor. 1.2.2, dm2.0 (2013): Cross-cutting forwards, with a total increase in power performance
In 2013, Biadi launched the first car type, Qindm with dm2.0, using a multi-speed dct (two-way automatic transformer) co-structure, with a p3 power unit at its core, with a power-driven power of 110kw, 1.5t turbo-pressure engine with a capacity of 113kw, and a dc-dionic bin with a combined output power of 217kw.
The power performance has increased significantly from dm1.0. In addition, the single-slant deceleration from dm1.0 to 6-speed bins, with a larger range of workable patterns for the engine and greater demand for work conditions.
working principles: (1) when battery power is sufficient, cars enter pure power mode, power cells directly power to electric motors, power-driven wheel end. (2) When battery power is low, the system is switched to hybrid mode, stabilizes the movement, and the engine part of the output torque drives power generation and recharges the power cell; (3) if at high load or acceleration
When motors and electric motors are simultaneously driven; (4) like dm1.0, the deceleration-time motor turns excess kinetic energy; the most important difference is that when power is insufficient or when high-voltage systems fail, the engine can drive the wheel alone. dm2.0, compared to dm1.0, there are qualitative leaps on the core parts of the engine, power, power, control, power, etc.
Its greatest advantage is a significant increase in power performance, but the low speed of the bipolar convertor box, due to the reliance on engine output only at low speeds, makes driving less smooth. Figure 11: working principles of the dm2.0 pure power mode
1.2.3, dm3.0 (2018): step-by-step, boost driving smoothness, reduce fuel consumption Introduction of bsg power and economy. dm3.0 adds high power and high voltage bsg power to the po position based on dm2.0.
Four-drive (p0+p3+p4) structures. High-voltage bsg generators achieve four main functions of smart power generation, assistive replacement, rapid acceleration, and slow-dismantling. The main improvements to the performance of the whole vehicle are as follows: (1) the improvement of the smoothness of the switch between the hev and thev models.
The introduction of bsg power continuously controls the functioning of the internal engine within the optimal transmission zone, matching the speed of the internal combustion engine with the strate in the control of the bsg power machine during the switch, enabling the coupling of the dct bipolar converter (2) to improve the fuel economy.
Energy recovery in the dm2.0 mode power system can be transferred to the power drive only through multiple dc slots, charging the battery with higher energy consumption, adding to the bsg power, achieving a higher energy conversion efficiency at the most energy wasteful start-up, a total efficiency of 87 per cent for the dm3.0 power generation system, an increase of 21 per cent from dm2.0, and low combined fuel consumption.
To 1.6l/100km. (3) Reduce the occurrence of feed and improve the driving experience. By joining the bsg power plant, most of the bsg power plants can add soc to the power cell as much as possible.
Figure 14: dm3.0 provides a forward drive (p0+p3), a double calculus 4 (p0+p4), a trichlorfon 4 (p0+p3+p4) three power structures
1.2.4 dm4.0 (2020): dm technology clusterer, dm-i main economic, dm-p main driving dm4.0 major breakthroughs were made on the basis of succession to the first three generations of technology, and two platform strategies were launched - economic dm-i (super-mixed) and driving dm-p (four-drive) - which led to a bias
On the technology line, dm-i, dm-p, dm1.0, dm3.0. Figure 15: dm-i, dm-p, dm1.0, dm3.0
dm-i: Revolucionary works of blending technology - low fuel consumption, low system cost, three features: (1) super low fuel consumption: electricity feed consumption as low as 3.8l/100 km.
(2) Static smoothness: power is fully powered at a time when the power supply is more than 80 per cent powered by a power supply when the power is powered, and in urban conditions, the power drive is nearly 100 per cent. (3) Excellent power: total power of the system: 1 60/173/254kw; power performance exceeds engine 2.0t; accelerated performance
The core of the dm-i-savings is the power-based ehs mix - power power-driven, engine-driven.
The design concept of the dm-i system is to be driven as much as possible by electric power and to allow engines to function at the best speeds and loads, to bring driving experience closer to the pure mode and to reduce fuel consumption.
Up to 81 per cent, a significant reduction in fuel consumption also provided a better driving experience; pure electricity/combined/combined models accounted for 70/18/12 per cent in the case of Nedc; pure electricity/combined/combined patterns accounted for 54/18 per 28 per cent in the case of wltc; and systems dominated by direct and simultaneous drive, switching to synthesympic at the time of the deceleration
Figure 17: The ehs mix system, Figure 18: the dm-i structure is predominantly power-driven in feed conditions
Electric power: the power efficiency of the dm-i has been significantly improved by inheriting a mix of dm1.0 structures, with two power units (p1, p2 and, depending on the power of the power drive, ehs132,ehs145, and ehs160, with all the models from level a to c, of which ehs132 and
The engine has the highest efficiency rate of 97.5% and the efficiency rate of 90.3%.
This time, the dm-i structure has two engines. One is a high-efficiency 1.5l engine for cloud-plugging, mainly for a-b-class vehicles, with a heat efficiency of 43.04%. The compressed ratio is as high as 15.5, using the Atkinson cycle, using a low-temperature waste-recycling system of up to 25% erg to reduce gas losses, and using symmetric cooling to ensure engine diversity.
Part of it is at the best temperature to function, using ultra-low friction and non-wheel design to reduce mechanical losses. In order to allow dm-i to cover a class C car, the other turbo-uppressure-efficient engine was set up by Yadi, with a heat efficiency rate of up to 40%.
Provide an increase in pressure within the speed of the rotation, especially if it does not affect the high speed of the flow when ensuring the effect of the increase at the low speed of the rotation.
dm-i carries a dedicated high-powered blade battery with a single vehicle with a power of 8.3-21.5 kwh, a pure electrical extension mileage of 50-120 km, a single battery voltage of 20v, with a power of 1.53kwh. A single battery bag contains only 10-20 blade cells, and a single battery is made up of a multi-chip chain (increasing volume utilization and benefits from platform standardization), and a single pole.
The cores are integrated by multiple polar cores. Individual polar cores are shaped by aluminium plastic film envelopes to enhance safety. On the preparation process: the polar core of dm-i-specific blade cells uses a curling process (as opposed to the scaffolding process with a scaffold cell in the case of ev), mainly because the stacking process makes contact between polar fragments more intense, leading to electronic transport resistance.
Large, with reduced multiplier performance, it is difficult to meet the phev-hev-to-multiplier performance requirements. Battery heat management: use pulse self-heating technology, with a 10% increase in heating efficiency compared to water-borne and a 20% increase in refrigerant. Communications & & direct flow fast charge: dm model first introduced a direct flow fast charge function, with dm-i-type power running from 15% to 15%.
We expect the cost of the dm-i system to be 16.5 million dollars less than the cost of dm3.0. We will be carrying the entry of the dm-i structure in comparison with the product parameters of the Qin prodm model: (1) engine:
(b) Battery: changes in material systems + structural simplification + reduction of single-car power by 0.71kwhh, projected reduction by $2,500; (c) transformer: 6 block 3000; and (e) motor: reduction of bsg power plus addition of a large power generator, expected cost increases
dm-p: main thrust power, upper-end dm-p position, basic structure not significantly different from dm3.0, using a mix structure of "p0+p3+p4" and supported dct bipolar gearbox, and dm-p power structure is expected to become the long-term technology of the Biadidm system
In the case of Handm, use of a 2.0t engine and a 6-sweeper binary converter with a maximum power of 321kw, a maximum torque of 650n m, and a 100-km acceleration of 4.7s only. 1.3. Type of vehicle: the Dynasty series is parallel to the e series and the brand structure continues to improve.
In the last decade, Biyadi has been moving towards product upgrading through the continued development of the new energy sector, the “forward competition” and the dynasty series. By 2013, Biyadi’s main model was sold below $100,000, and its brand image was lower and middle.
In the branding strategy, the Dynasty series has been launched in Biadi since 2013, with products moving to mid-to-high-end areas. Figure 24: Currently Biadi is using a vehicle pattern dominated by a class and a class B vehicle. Figure 25: Biadi ' s new energy vehicle product matrix continues to improve
In the past, Biadi has not been sufficiently sustainable in terms of the variety of types of vehicles and the lack of clarity in their location. Beginning in 2016, Biadi has been undergoing radical reforms:
In 2016, Biadi invited Wolfgang Joseph Egg as global design director, and pushed out the "dragonface" front-faced 1.0, 2017 first car designed by Dragonface.
Somax is on the market, and in 2019 it launched version 2 of Dragonface 2.0. Dragonface has been widely praised for its unique and beautiful design, reversing the image of the market's prehistoric image of Jadi, which is known as "the most recognizable family face of the autonomous brand." Dragonface is now the family of Biadi.
Modified design language, applied to all models in the Dynasty series and enhanced branding. Figure 27: Songpro designed the first model of the language for dragonface 2.0. Figure 26: the first model of the language for dragonface for the first model for Songmax
In the product architecture, the two major brands of the Focus e Series and Dynamite Series cover all aspects of the low end of the high school market. In March 2019, Biadi officially released a series e-type and a brand-new plan for pure electric products – mainly e- and a-grade vehicles, positioning low- and medium-end markets and currently has el, s2, e2, e-34 pure electric vehicles.
The price range is $5.99-1423 million. The Dynasty Series is based on technical leadership and extreme performance experience, positioning high-end markets, and, in terms of the current pattern, Don, Han are high-end, leading the suv and car markets respectively. All the "e" and "Dynasty Series" models of pure electric vehicles are based on Biadee platforms, but they are based on the Biadee platform.
It is that the marketing, services, etc. systems do not overlap, but are developed in parallel. Figure 28: Biadi creates a branding structure with the “e” and “Dynamite” series at its core.
On January 11, Biadi launched three cars with dm-i-type Qinpus, Songpus, Tang dm-i. Prices: Figure 30: High acquisition costs are central to the growth in sales of phev (especially low- and medium-end vehicles).
Compared to the BMW5 (high-end vehicle), popular Pasart (medium-end vehicle), Toyota Carola/Toyota Thunderling (low- and medium-end vehicle) fuel vehicle acquisition costs of the similar configuration of the phev model, and the share of sales of the phev equivalent in total sales. (1) It was found that phev was more rigid than the three-power system, etc.
After considering the acquisition tax, the medium- and low-end car phev has a higher premium than the fuel version, for example, Carola. phev has a higher premium of 21.3 per cent compared to the similar configuration of the fuel model; and (2) as the medium- and low-end phev has a higher premium than the fuel version, and its target population is more price-sensitive, the acceptance of the low- and medium-end phev model is clear.
Less than the high-end phev model. Table 3: Parsatphev's fuel-based premium of 14.6 per cent (in billions of dollars)
Table 5: Leithphev has a more mixed copy premium of 19.7% (in billions of yuan) and figure 34: Carolá/Leathlephev sales account for a lower share of total sales. Qin prudm-i pre-sales $10.78-1478,000, for the Carolá-Rayling price zone.
For the purchase of taxes, the price range between $9.31-148.7 million and $9-13.9 million for the price of the model fuel vehicle, respectively. Qinplusdm-i hits the 10-150,000 price band, not only having a price advantage over the same type of phev, but also basically achieving oil power.
The average fuel consumption of the three dm-i vehicles is significantly lower than the average fuel consumption of the same grade hybrids and fuel trucks (l/100km) and is currently in a vacuum in the domestic market of phev at 10-150.000 bits. Qinplusdm-i vs. a
Because the cost of phev is higher than that of an equally configured fuel truck, and because of the relatively high proportion of cities with relatively high levels of economic development in the current phev marketing structure, phev by car was 93% in 2019, and the 10-15 million bytes became a vacuum, which is exactly what the country used.
Qin Plusdm-i entered the 10-15 million bits: the 10,000-bit sedan market (especially in restricted areas) triggered a shock, and we expect Qinpus dm-i to sell 10.13 million vehicles in 2021-2022.
(2) In the long term, given the continued penetration of phev into the open purchase city, we expect future steady sales of Qin ' s Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Queen Queen Queen Queen Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Quarters Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queen Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queen Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queens Queen, Queens, Queen, Queen, Queen, Queen, Queens, Queen, Queen, Q, Q, Q, Queen, Queen, with some 4 million, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q
Figure 40: 10-15 million bits sold in 2019, with a total of 45.8/45.4/351,000 cars (in 10,000 units) and a total of 2021-2022 in Biadi.
Among them, dm-i sold 15,196 thousand vehicles, without fear: vertical integration builds cost advantages, completes intelligent short-board boosts, brands up.
Challenge 1 - Full withdrawal after 2022, with a geometric impact on profitability
The ratio is 4.9.4%, respectively, because the power cell is the centre of the cost of the electric vehicle and still has a high downside potential, the power cell chain will largely bear the cost pressure of subsidizing the downside. By contrast, the power cell of the Biadi electric vehicle is self-produced, so the cost of the company’s new energy whole and power cell business will be the company’s own.
In view of the large number of inter-branch transactions between the company's secondary battery and photovoltaic operations and the automobile operations, we have combined the company's vehicle, secondary battery and photovoltaic operations in financial processing and removed the mask operations from the financial data for the 2020h1 vehicle operations (assuming the calibre of the statements).
The car business includes a masked business collection equal to the amount of $8.018 billion and a gross interest rate of 35 per cent for Biadi's electronic masked business, in order to study the impact of the company's whole car operation, particularly the vertical integration of the company's whole car, on its profitability.
We believe that the profitability of Biadi’s whole-car business is already on the basis of the subsidy. The Māori rate of 2018/2019/2020h1 vehicle & battery business is 18.2% 21.3% 21.5%, respectively, and the advantage of the vertically integrated layout of outside companies is further highlighted by the deduction of Māori of state-supplemented car & battery business.
(ii) Depreciation as a percentage of the increase in profitability, mainly because of a mismatch between the output and the actual volume of the sale, subsequent utilization of the vehicle is in a low state, with lower capacity utilization. With the new cycle of new energy vehicle deployment, the utilization rate has increased, and we expect depreciation & amortization of the vehicle & battery operations (defended mask operations) to be 2021/2022
By reducing the cost of the system, we expect that the company's contribution to the revenue base is expected to remain below 70%. Therefore, we expect that even in the context of the complete withdrawal of the subsidy, the Māori ratio of the company's automobile & battery business will remain at 20%
▪ Depreciation and amortization/reduction of state-supplemented automobile and battery operations
3.2.1. Mid-end market - Biadi's base plate, vertically integrated layouts control cost-control costs to build the moat river. There is now a “high, low-end” dusk structure in the domestic market for new energy vehicles, with a lack of high-quality medium-end vehicle supplies. In 2020, only 32% of the country's new energy was sold in a vehicle level a, compared to the country as a whole.
The reason for this is, on the one hand, the impact of the epidemic, which led to a significant drop in sales at the end of 2020 (mainly at the end of the class of a vehicle); on the other hand, the most central reason is the inadequate supply of high-quality a-type vehicles at the end of the toc market, and the low number of new models at the stage of the 2020 a-size vehicle market, mostly for re-financing based on the original model.
In contrast to Tesla and the new power of car-making, the strategy of winning with extreme product power, macro-light miniaev's market segmentation, the middle-end car market target is more price-sensitive, but subject to cost constraints, the cost of buying medium-end electric vehicles is now higher than the same fuel truck.
And homogeneity competition is more intense, making it a breakthrough. Figure 46: In 2020, the country’s new energy by car sales to Top10 medium-b class, breaking the middle-end market, is a necessary route for the continued penetration of new energy vehicles, and cost control is an important competitive element.
As smartphones develop, we believe that the next phase of the new energy car market will move from “leaders break through high-end markets with a huge product power” to “the decline in the cost of the industrial chain drives the product to penetrate lower-middle-end markets.” Cost containment is an important element of the second phase of competition.
The phase of penetration of the end-to-low market, with the cost advantages of the integration layout, the multi-products matrix strategy, the product coverage from the low end to the high end, quickly surpasses Apple to become the world's largest intelligence player, the new Biadi energy vehicle is center-to-end, building core competitiveness in vertically integrated layouts. Biadi's new energy source
The model is dominated by a class of 10-20 million dollars: (1) Phev: Qin Plausdm-i, which is based on a grade of sex value compared to SONG Plausdm-i, which is a class of suv; (2) e-seriesev: e2 and e3 target clients are young, mainly for quality value; and (3) dynasty series: Qin, Song, Yuan.
Biadi has achieved a whole industry chain layout in the area of new energy vehicles, from upstream resources, lithium-electric materials to tri-electric systems, whole-car manufacturing to power cell recycling, creating a complete closed circle, with significant industrial chain synergies. We believe that a vertically integrated layout, multi-product matrix layout, is also used for the evolution of three stars in the area of smartphones.
Biadei, who breaks down the market strategy, is expected to win in the middle-end car market. Figure 49: Biadi ' s new energy vehicle model is dominated by middle-end vehicles. Figure 50: Biadi ' s new energy vehicle business is vertically integrated.
3.2.2. High-end market - Han has proven its competitiveness, differential positioning + silicon short-boarding helper Biadi, standing firm, and Bialdihan's best-selling has proven its potential in high-end markets. Bialdihan was released in July 2020 and sold in November.
In addition to the excellent power and design features, the location of Tesla in contrast to the new power of car creation, and the deepening of the layout in the area of intelligence are important reasons for the Han best selling. We do not expect Biadi to be precluded from subsequently upgrading its high-end brand through the creation of independent high-end brands.
(i) Power is superior than Teslamodel3, more sophisticated and more spacious than Yadihanne, thus capturing more customers who buy cars for family use. On the other hand, Han carries a knife with a high safety and energy density.
Batteries have also become a core selling point.
In April 2018, Biadi released the dilink smart network system, and in 2020 he became the first car to fly dilink 3.0.
On October 15, 2020, Biadi entered the shares of 6.93% of the chip and algorithm research and development company, Great Beacon, and on November 18 of the same year, Biadi signed a strategic partnership with Big Beacon and launched a drive-level positioning project.
Biadi’s follow-up is expected to deepen the layout of autopilot by strengthening autonomous R & D and co-development. Forward positioning: open supply chains, electric car solution providers, Biadi has been working for more than a decade in the field of electrodynamic technology, and has accumulated in core parts such as three power systems, semiconductors, etc.
Deep, but long-term, spare parts are supplied by Biadei. Since 2017, the supply of power cells has been opened, Biadi has continued to promote a strategy of open supply chains: (1) pure power platforms — e platforms are open and jointly developed electric vehicles with Toyota's joint venture division; (2) power cells are currently identified as multi-house and offshore knowledge, such as Toyota, Ford, Chang An, etc.
In the long run, we believe that Biadi could become a provider of electric vehicle solutions, similar to the Biadi semiconductor in the smartphones industry chain, and introduce a battle pitch, and take the first step in the company's listing. Biadi semiconductor business.
In 2020, companies split Biadi semiconductor operations into independent sub-directorates and completed two rounds of strategic investment, valued at $10.2 billion after the second round of the campaign. Once released, they will increase the flexibility of Biadi semiconductor operations, helping them to expand their customers.
"Freddy" was set up to speed up the supply of core parts of new energy vehicles. In 2020, Biadi announced the formation of five Ferdys: Fody Battery - product coverage of 3c batteries, power cells, storage cells, and ladders; Ferdy Technology - master of a large amount of motor electronics and chassis technology; Fodi Power - fuel engine development.
Total strength and new energy solutions: Freddy's vision — developing vehicle lighting and signal systems: Freddy's molds — developing production models. Dismantled operations become independent operating entities, giving their subsidiaries greater autonomy, and facilitating the flow of supply chains; at the same time, their employees are more marketable.
In addition, we do not rule out the possibility of other business sectors, such as company power cells, being marketed. 5; profit forecasting and investment advice (2) mobile phone parts and assembly
Thanks to the expansion of the corporate Apple business and other emerging businesses, we expect Biadi's cell phones to be available in 2020-2022, and as power cell supplies continue to grow and storage energy operations continue to grow, we expect Biadi to be in 2020-2022, positioning the company as a provider of electric car solutions, releasing the potential value of the supply chain, which we think is better for the company.
A higher valuation premium than a company would have been, for the first time, covered with a “buy-in” rating. Table 16: Biadi's sales of new energy vehicles have fallen short of expectations compared to comparable company valuations, and power cell outlay has not progressed as expected.