Researchchand developmentcenter
- The first coverage report for Europa (603833). - On 17 March 2022, Lee Hong Peng.
The market share has been rising since 2018.
As an absolute leader in the household sector, 2018-2021 (based on performance forecasting) collects, net profits 14%, and financial performance leads the industry. According to our customised penetration rate up in the past, and sales data, and company performance forecasting in 2021, custom industry regulations are projected for 2022.
The model is close to $250 billion, and the company ' s share of the home-based industry continues to be raised from 5.0% in 2016, compared to 2018: Alpha ' s strength continues to be strong, and performance expectations remain robust. According to the company ' s performance forecast 2, the projected change impact is manageable. Based on our sensitivity analysis of the company ' s dress ratio,
The 22-year Māori rate for closets has been reduced by 2cpt, corresponding to a 1.9 pct rate for 22 years combined. 3) The cost-side scale effect has been significant with changes in the business structure of the company in recent years, with average annual cost rates falling by 1.3 pct ~2.5 pct over the period of the company, and it is expected that savings at the full cost end of the year will be to some extent expected
The Europeans are leading in the innovation of business models. In recent years, the company has successfully built itself into an overall cabinet, home-based customization, a leader in two core categories, a combination of marketing, manufacturing, channeling, and many other core advantages.
We believe that there is little difference in custom-based household products, that companies are rapidly building channels to protect the city's river using a sequence of low-māori businesses, and that it is expected in the long run to further strengthen the “European” branding effect, leading to an accelerated increase in market share. Companies are expected to return to the mother's net profit in 2021-2023.
Risk factors: significant downside risks in real estate sales and significant increases in the cost of raw materials
The market share of Europa households has been rising steadily in Beijing, Beijing, on the western corner of the city, building No. 9 Street, building 1, and is expected to be close to $250 billion in 2022, corresponding to an overall penetration rate of about 42%.
On the one hand, thanks to the early years of the post-real estate cycle, the annualization of the population, the personalization of the home, the rise of spatial benefits, and the need to maximize demand, a new round of growth has also emerged in our residential sector, especially in the custom sector; on the other hand, the emergence of a custom-made model, which makes home-wide clothing more easy and efficient and allows furniture to be purchased in the context of increased demand for home customization.
We measured the rate at which custom penetration increased in the past, as well as real-estate sales data, in 2021, our custom cabinets, closet permeability rates were about 61% and 45% respectively, taking into account that the rate of penetration of the entire closet outside the closet was estimated to be slightly lower at around 28%.
Measured on the size of the domestic closet custom market of about $23.7 billion in 2021, it is estimated that the overall custom penetration rate is currently around 42%. Assuming a 2% increase in custom cabinets and an average annual increase in closets in 2021-2025, assuming a 1 pct increase in custom cabinets in 2022-2025, and a 4 pc increase in custom penetration in other cabinets per year, it is estimated that the domestic customization rate will be increased in 2025
In recent years, the share of European households in the market has continued to rise, but the industry has remained fragmented. Given the company’s development over the past few years, the share of companies in the custom-based sector has continued to rise from 5.0% in 2016 to 8.9% in 2021 (2021 by the company).
The company’s market share has continued to rise since 2018, against the backdrop of a slowdown in the overall growth of the customized home sector. But, overall, the market pattern in the customized sector is still fragmented, with Europa, Sofia, Stylish, Chi Bong, Golden Cookery, Hollywood, and Bolonie representing the total market of Cr7.
Just about 20%, and there is still much room for improvement in the future. Second, in 2018: the bottom of the valuation is now, and Alpha’s performance & performance expectations are still year after year, and the bottom of the valuation is thought to be now, but the company has been growing continuously beyond the industry for 18 years.
First, the past three years have been consistently ahead of the industry. The company announced a forward performance forecast that expected operating income in 2021, and secondly, we believe that the firm’s performance is either at the bottom of the growth rate or has already been shown, and performance expectations remain robust.
Trend: 2) Māori rate, expected change effects are manageable. According to our analysis of the sensitivity of the Māori rate in the company ' s closet, the rate has been reduced by 1.9 pct. 3) The cost-side scale effect has been significant as the structure of the company ' s business has changed in recent years, and in recent years the company has implemented its employee holding scheme, stimulating internal dynamism and raising confidence in development.
The shareholding plan (draft), with a total participation of no more than 230 persons, including not more than 7 senior directors, and a total shareholding plan of no more than $70 million, with no more than $35 million in funds from the legal remuneration of the company’s employees, and Yao Liang, the controlling shareholder.
In our view, the recent implementation of the company’s employee-holding program, while keeping employees’ interests tied, has also reinforced the firm’s confidence in future development. Watching as the flagship’s share accelerates, the valuation suggests value allocation opportunities at the bottom.
In the capacity industry, the company has taken the lead in recent years by successfully building up its position in the overall cabinet, home-based customization of two core categories, adding together the core advantages of marketing, manufacturing, channeling, etc., and actively promoting strategic upgrading. We believe that custom-based home-based products are not very different, and that companies are using staged low-māori business to quickly build channels to protect the city's rivers, and that in the long run it is expected to further strengthen "Europe"
The risk of a decline in real estate sales: household block consumption is affected by real estate sales, and if real estate sales fall significantly, the income and profits of household flats will be significantly affected, pointing to the risk of a significant decline in real estate sales. The risk of a significant increase in the cost of raw materials is that the cost of raw materials will have a greater impact on the profitability of companies listed in the domestic industry, if it occurs in the first place.
Li Hong Peng, Master of Economics, six young workers’ research experience in manufacturing industry, entry into the Merchant Securities Research and Development Centre in August 2015
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.