China ' s petroleum (6018557) petrochemical oil and gas production has increased steadily, and the South-West Securities Institute has improved its performance by 2025q3
• Events: China Oil published three-quarterly reports in 2025, companies realized business income in the first three quarters of 2025, coordinated up and down the river, with oil and gas reserves leading. The company is one of the leading oil and gas producers and suppliers of State-owned and key oil and gas companies in 33 countries and territories around the world.
The company’s upstream energy sector includes exploration, exploitation, production, transmission and marketing of crude oil and natural gas, and new energy operations; in the area of refining petrochemicals, the company is organized into crude oil and petroleum products, as well as the production and sale of chemical products.
New material business: The company sells trade downstream in the area of refined oil products and non-oil products, as well as trade operations; the transportation and sale of natural gas. In 2024, the company confirmed reserves of 6.180 billion barrels of crude oil and natural gas stocks of 72.8 trillion cubic feet.
• Crude oil prices are under pressure and natural gas sales are increasing at a relatively smooth rate. Opec is starting up production growth plans, global economic growth is slowing down, international oil prices are under downward pressure, and the average spot prices of North Haibrent crude oil in January-September 2025 and Western Texas in the United States are $70.93 per barrel and $66.73 per barrel, respectively.
This represents a 14.3 per cent decrease, 14.1 per cent decrease in the average price of the company ' s crude oil in January-September 2025 at US$ 65.55/monthly chemical production of US$ 29,590.0 million, an increase of 3.3 per cent over the same period, with a 59.4 per cent increase in the production of new materials.
In January-September 2025, the company sold petrol, kerosene, diesel, and made a profit forecast and investment proposal: the company's oil and gas reserves are abundant, the refining plates are expected to continue to be released, natural gas sales are growing steadily, and we expect a net profit growth rate of 2.99% over the next three years.
China ' s oil and gas production has grown steadily, with a rise in the performance ring of 2025q3 and a steady increase in natural gas sales, combined up and down, leading the oil and gas reserves. Companies are major State-owned enterprises and major oil and gas producers and producers around the world.
One of the suppliers operates hydrocarbon investment operations in 33 countries and territories around the world, and the company ' s natural gas operations cover 31 provinces (autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the Central Government) and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. The company ' s upstream energy operations include exploration, exploitation, production, transmission and sale of crude oil and natural gas, and new energy sources; in the case of petrochemicals, the company has refined crude oil and petroleum products.
Production and marketing of chemical products and new materials; sale of refined oil products and non-oil products and trading operations in the area of downstream sales by companies; transportation and sale of natural gas. In 2024, the company confirmed reserves of 6.180 billion barrels of crude oil, while natural gas confirmed reserves of 72.8 trillion cubic feet.
Figure 1: Corporate natural gas sales  Domestic natural gas production as a percentage of domestic oil and gas equivalent production (%)  Domestic natural gas sales (billion cubic metres)
Crude oil prices have been pressured and natural gas sales have increased at a relatively smooth pace. Opec has started production growth plans, global economic growth has slowed down, international oil prices have been under downward pressure, and the average spot prices of North Haibrent crude oil in January-September 2025 and Middle West Texas crude oil in the United States were $70.93 per barrel and $66.73 per barrel, respectively, down 14.3 per cent and 14.1 per cent, respectively, in 2025.
The average sale price of domestic natural gas was $8.81 per kilocm, a 1.0 per cent decrease from $8.90 per kilocm in the same period in 2024. In January-September 2025, the company produced 714.3 million barrels of crude oil, an increase of 0.8 per cent from the same period; the volume of natural and new materials available for sale and the volume of natural gas sold increased steadily.
The rapid growth of the chemical plate is expected to be driven by the continued progress of projects such as the Guangxi petrochemical company and the Blue Sea New Materials company, which sold a total of 120,876,000 tons of petrol, kerosene and diesel oil sold by the company in January-September 2025, an increase of 0.8 per cent over the same period; and the sale of 21,851 million cubic metres of natural gas, an increase of 4.2 per cent over the same period.
In the face of pressure from volatile energy prices, the company adjusted its product structure in a timely manner and continued to enhance oil and gas exploration and production in storage. The profit ring increased in the third quarter of 2025.
Three companies in the petrochemical industry were selected for comparison, with an average of 14 times pe in 2024, and based on the abundance of oil and gas reserves at Wind I, the prospect of continued release of the refined plates, a steady increase in the sale of natural gas, and an expected "buy-in" rating for coverage.
The risk of falling gas prices; the risk of falling crude oil prices; and the risk of oversupply of chemical products.