Xinhua Insurance published three quarterly reports in 2020, generating business income of $169.77 billion, +27.8 per cent, net profit return of $11.105 billion, Xinhua Insurance (60136.sh)
\triangleright net profit equal to 14.6%, \triangleright net profit achieved by Xinhua Insurance 3q20 operating income of $169.77 billion, +27.8%, \mother ' s net profit of $11.105 billion, \14.6%, net profit equal to the net profit after deduction. Performance performance is mainly due to the ratio policy of 1) commissions ' fees and fees, which resulted in a higher base for the same period last year, 2/
In terms of manpower, the number of agents has risen since this year. As at 1h20, the size of the agents had increased from 36.5% to 526,000.
We believe that the size of the workforce is the basis for business development, and this is why Xinhua’s stock prices have improved since the beginning of the year. When it has reached a certain level, the Department of Public Administration has improved the quality of its staff by optimizing the basic laws, improving the quality of its agents through marketing strategies and training, and focusing more on value development.
>The realization of the purchase and sale price differentials contributes to a steady increase in the return on total investment. 3q20 investment returns are equal to +50.8%, mainly due to the fact that some of the return on investment resulted in an increase in the purchase and sale price difference.
As the impact of the epidemic subsides, companies achieve high-quality staff growth, stronger marketing, and stronger proxy training, while focusing on values.
Release, nbv is expected to grow faster next year at a low base. At the end of the asset, with current interest rates stabilizing, the return on stock assets is expected to rise, while at the same time, the spreads, the Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. Risk factors: exposure to the epidemic, the recovery of the agent industry is not as fast as expected; the agent's reduced capacity leads to a fall in people; and large volatility in capital markets leads to investment revenue.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. House No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City, has seen a sharp decline in profits; the downside of interest rates will narrow the fixed rate tool spread space and affect accounting profits; and the downward movement of the 750 mean line will result in an increase in the reserve billing.
Judining, a master’s degree in finance at the University of Glasgow in England, worked in Taiwan’s rich state securities and silver securities, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Wang Jing, a master’s degree in finance at Boston University in the United States, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019 for research in the non-banking financial sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.