• Dmi continues to be released and the profitability ring is improved. 2021q2 benefits from the continued use of the dmi model and product competition from the spread of blade batteries (millions of shares)
Increased power, with the company ' s share of the new energy being sold at about 100,000 vehicles per quarter, a significant 81 per cent increase in the ring ratio.According to an increase in the sales end, 2021q2 achieved a revenue of $49.9 billion, a 22 per cent increase in the same year, a percentage point for the ring, with sales, management (including R & D) and financial costs, respectively
In 2021, Biadi entered a powerful vehicle cycle with semiconductor Idm and smart chip design capabilities, secured the chip in the absence of a core, and guaranteed continued sales.
The company’s dmi order remains adequate, battery capacity and whole-of-car product continues to climb up the slope, and the guarantee sales continue to climb up the slope. Meanwhile, the company launched platform e-0 with four features: “intelligent, efficient, safe, aesthetic” and a new model based on platform e3.0 is expected to start in the second half of the year.
The company’s e platform, the first car dolphin, is now on the market, and the next more models will improve the company’s products in the pure electricity sector with a slower macroeconomic growth rate; uncertainty about the location and implementation of policies in the automotive sector; and new energy sources.
Risks such as increased competition in the car market. 1. Sales continue to climb, and new cycles progress steadily. 2. Biadi depth (II): Car-style layout is ending.
3. The volume of sales is excellent, and the volume of dmi is steadily uphill. The Huaan Securities New Energy and Automobile Research Group covers the electricity and automobile industry. Song Weijin: five years of experience in the automobile industry, a Master ' s degree from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. The research area covers passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, and includes new energy vehicles and traditional vehicles.
Beyonda: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, with a national scholarship and study at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States of America, six years of lithium electric research experience, covering the lithium electricity industry chain. Semper: three years of buyer industry research experience, M.A. in Finance, University of Melbourne, covering wind and light voltage plates. Using information of legal compliance, this report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.