Dolphins, dmi, both of them, are strong at the market for economic electric cars, and Biadi (002594.sz) Biadi dolphins are on the market, leading a new product cycle with dm-i, maintaining a "buy-in" rating.
The Biadi dolphin series is expected to be officially on the market on 29 August, with a total of four models, with a pre-sold initial model of 9.68-12.48, a grade-a pure electric vehicle model, and a younger product location. (2) Design: using the concept of “ocean aesthetics”; axle length of 2.7 m; interior space wideness. (3) Power: maximum power.
Up to 130kw, which has a certain advantage over cars like Eura and which u. The heat pump system is more energy-efficient, coupled with the straight-up cooling technology of the battery bag, improving the overall performance of the battery bag, raising the mileage for winter renewal by 20%. 100 km of electricity consumption is only 10.3kwh. We expect to increase the sales to over 5,000 vehicles per month.
• Dolphins are precisely positioned in the market of $10-15 million, together with dm-i, to hit the market for economic electric vehicles.
The main reason for this is that the current three-to-four-line city recharge facility is inadequate and consumer awareness is not sufficiently developed, and the advantage of the medium- and low-end pure motor vehicle over the same fuel vehicle model is not evident. Dm-i has now gradually replaced the same fuel vehicle model with low fuel consumption and low acquisition costs, with 3dm-i in July
With an up-risk of 16.5 million vehicles, we expect to sell 40,000 units per month at the end of the year as the subsequent production capacity climbs.
Corporate Information Update - Performance meets expectations. Flags and other well-known vehicles, both in and out of the sea, supply power cells with battery types covering lithium phosphate blade batteries and triple batteries, which are expected to be phased out in 2022. We expect extra power cell feed to 2021-2023.
In addition, the company’s storage capacity has long been available and is expected to fully enjoy the rapid growth in the industry.
Watch the 2021 dm-i, the Chinese model.