In the evening of August 27th, Biadi released its semi-annual report for 2021 and 2021h1 managed to collect $9,885 million.
By +50.22 per cent; net profit due to mother, 1.174 billion yuan, or -29.41 per cent; net profit withheld from mother, $369 million; combined with three major operations, the same amount increased by 2021h1 the same year, and the company earned $9,885 million, or +50, 22 per cent. Of this, the automobile business generated $39,157 million.
In the first half of the year, there was a significant increase in the sale of new energy vehicles, with 15,480,000 vehicles sold in the company ' s new energy sources, or +15,76 per cent, of which sales of the plug-in model, represented by Qinplusmdi, increased by more than 400 per cent on a year-on-year basis. 2) The demand for teleworking, online education, etc., led to an increase in sales of notebooks and flat boards. In the first half of the 2021s, the global volume of pc exports increased by 30.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
A 24.5 per cent increase in the volume of airfreight, a rise in commodity prices and changes in product structure have led to profit-side pressure \triangleright \triangleright
In 2021h1, the company achieved a net profit of $1,174 million, or -29.41 per cent. We believe that the main reason for corporate profit-side pressure is the rise in raw materials and changes in product structure. As a result of the rise in bulk commodity prices, the Māori ratio for automobiles and cellular parts and assembly fell by 4.40 per cent and 6.64 per cent, respectively.
The Biadi semiconductor has been promoted in an orderly manner, and the intelligent transformation has accelerated. The Biadi semiconductor is mainly engaged in the development, production and sale of products such as power semiconductors, smart control ic, and smart sensors.
Month, the process of processing the Biadi semiconductor listing application is proceeding steadily. Once the Biadi semiconductor is on the market, one step will be taken to enhance the R & D and production capacity of the company's semiconductor operations, to connect the industrial chain up and down, and to accelerate the transformation of the company's intelligence.
In July, the number of cars in the dm series passed by 25,000 and the ring + 24.67%. The second half of the year ' s blade battery release will help raise the sales of dmi. By the second half of 2021, Biadi will be launching five new cars, ea1, Xdream volume, new Songpro, and so on. With Biadi ' s new model on the market, the price of Biadi ' s new energy vehicle will be further explored, oil power is expected to be achieved.
Biyadi's new energy model is expected to continue upwards in the second half of the year, further contributing to sales.
The company’s current product cycle continues upwards, and sales of dmi hybrid models are expected to continue to increase in the second half of the year. The new model ea1 based on the e3.0 platform is expected to be marketed in the second half of the year and the corporate product matrix will be further refined. The company is expected to return to its mother in 2021-2023.
Strategic cooperation events are rated, in combination with the horizon. Reference is made to the median market surplus (ttm) in the Wind automobile industry, which is 33.63, considering that the company's current product cycle continues to move toward the co-opt smart driving market.
Up, the “recommended” rating is maintained.
In August 2020, Eunyan, a Master of Finance from Illinois University of Technology, joined in 2019. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice from the Chinese Securities Association, which ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,