The company's overall performance was expected, resulting in a short-term weakening of the power supply from fire and photovoltaic operations.
Highest/lowest in the year: Pressure affects the end of the income, fuel costs push the company’s performance up; in terms of electricity, water availability below external hydropower penetration affects the company’s electricity supply.
Market value of the share in circulationa (billions): 301.94 billion kWh of electricity, +8.7 per cent of the year; 20.875 billion kWh of electricity generation, +1.5 per cent of the year; electricity generation in the provinces and at a significantly lower rate than electricity consumption, mainly due to water scarcity since the second quarter of this year.
Electricity and water supply increased in the provinces. 754.7 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity produced by H1 in 24 years, compared to the same base data: 30 June 2024. Photovoltaic plate operations were the main factor in the decline in revenue.
Prices continue to be low in the output-exploitation chain; electricity plate revenue is $496 million, or slightly lower than in the same period last year, owing to 24-year-h1 overall access prices. Profitability increases rapidly, mainly due to cost-side improvements. 24-year-h1 Māori ratio is 11.03 per cent.
This was an increase of 4.61 percentage points in the same year; the q2 Māori rate was 12.71 per cent in 24 years, an increase of 4.74 percentage points in the same year. The company's total unit price of coal in the first half of the year fell by about 14 per cent in the same year, and profitability continued to increase, mainly in the upstream end of raw materials.
Liu Gui army company plans to reduce its assets by $357 million, of which Eikang technology is $185 million, with a share of $173 million, while the company receives $421 million in proceeds from the disposal of assets, mainly about 157 acres of land in the village of Yongfong, a North warehouse power plant.
\triangleright long-term gains on company performance due to the transition from "Fire + New Energy" in the third and fourth quarters of the year. The expected impact of electricity and electricity crowding on the fire is expected to diminish gradually, and the company's power supply may return.
Warm. In the long term, the company's deep deployment of nuclear power, its participation in China's nuclear power companies and others, is expected to lead to a robust nuclear power operation. Zhejiang province is the core of the new-productivity priority industries, and 1455 is expected to continue to increase in domestic power consumption as economic growth and new-quality productivity develop;
The capacity of the control and control units, which account for about half of the capacity of the provincial switch power units, will continue to benefit from less than anticipated electricity demand in Zhejiang \triangleright; the risk of higher price fluctuations in electricity; and the risk of price fluctuations in upstream raw materials;
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status, or the trust that I have in my practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.