Coal power has become more profitable, and the company's coal power unit has grown. The power change has continued, and the future will be on fire.
Revenues, etc., contribute to the stabilization of profits; future electricity prices, coal prices are expected to stabilize, ignition costs are expected to spread, and corporate coal power lines will maintain a reasonable level of profitability.
The coal machine will be put into production, and the future project will allow the company to continue to invest in nuclear power, which is expected to increase further. The company will continue to invest in nuclear power, and on 19 August 2024, the company will have limited nuclear power in the south and south of China.
Company units 3 and 4 have been approved by the Department of State for a total installed capacity of 2.43 million kilowatts, while the company's equity company has three nuclear power units, one and two, and three nuclear power units, three and four.
This is expected to increase further the return on corporate investment. Zhegen Power (600023.sh) - 9.7% of shares in the company's proposed acquisition, new talent Zhegen Power (600023.sh) - net profit from fuel price increases and profits from fire power
Business income has fallen slightly, and the net return to the mother has increased. 2024h1, the company achieved operating income of $40.175 billion (-3.75 per cent), the net profit to the mother of $3.92 billion (+41.33 per cent), and the net profit to the non-parent of $36.22 billion.
In the first half of 2024, there was a slight increase in the amount of electricity generated by thermal power. In the first half of 2024, the company generated a cumulative total of 75,470 million kwh (+0.77 per cent), of which 75,330 million kwh (+0.74 per cent) was generated by thermal power and 133 million kwh (+0.12 per cent) by photovoltaic power and 0,07 million kwh (+2.12 per cent) by wind.
In the second quarter of 2024, there was a year-on-year decline in electricity generation from fire and electricity. 2024q2 cumulatively generated 3,722 million kwh billion kwh (+13.77 per cent).
Over the same period, as a result of the growth in the Māori rate, net corporate interest rates went up over the same period of 2023, with a significant increase in net operating cash flows over the same period. 2024h1, due to higher net interest rates, companies went up, an increase of 1.23 pct to 5.68% over the same period of 2023.
Net cash flow is $5.331 billion, an increase of 304.60 per cent over the same period, mainly because coal combustion costs during the current period are more profitable than in the same period the previous year, and the company still has an increase in coal-loading machines. Electricity change will continue, and future fire power will gradually become more profitable and stable; future electricity prices are expected to stabilize, coal prices will stabilize, coal prices will remain stable, and company coal power operations will remain stable.
The level of profit from plate-scale electricity will be maintained at a reasonable level. The company’s current coal-fired power project, which has six 1 million kilowatt-class coal-fired machines in production four years, will further increase the size and profitability of the company’s coal-loading units after the future project is launched.
The company will continue to invest in nuclear power. On 19 August 2024, Unit 3 and 4 of the company’s share in the company’s nuclear power company, Chong Xuannan Nuclear Power Company Limited, were approved by the State Department, with a combined installed capacity of 2.43 million kilowatts, while the company’s share in the company’s nuclear power company has three nuclear power units, 1.
Unit 2, three nuclear power units 3, 4 are under construction, and the total installed capacity will gradually become operational in the future with the company’s participation in nuclear power projects, and the capacity of nuclear power equity units is expected to increase and the company’s investment earnings will increase further.
(a) Long space; the size of the combustion engine is also expected to increase to a certain degree in the future, depending on the project under construction by the company;
Electricity prices are expected to show a downward trend, with capacity prices assumed to be 100 yuan/kw/year (including taxes). 2) In the case of new energy sources in the wind, based on the company ' s development planning and on the project resources on hand, in the case of new energy projects in the wind and in the light of the company ' s utilization of hours, the number of hours in the case of new energy projects in the air is assumed to be equal; in the case of electricity prices,
As a result of the increase in the volume of electricity traded on the market and the impact of the time-series pricing mechanism, it is expected that corporate investment returns will continue to grow as companies increase their investment in the form of new investments, as future participation in nuclear power projects move forward, and as the performance of joint ventures and consortia grows; and, at the same time, reference companies will be expected to increase their investment returns.
5. Cost and period costs are assumed by taking into account, inter alia, the trend in coal prices, the cost of coal power and natural gas flowing into your project.
With a robust return on investment, the net profits of the company are expected to grow steadily, and we expect the 2024-2026 company premium space to maintain a “better than the big market” rating, which is calculated on the basis of more assumptions, particularly with regard to the company's operating costs in the coming years.
In comparison with the company ' s business, we have chosen the comparable Public Division 2024 pe level as a reference for the relative valuation, taking into account the growth of the company and the average dynamics of the industry.
2. Given that the company ' s fire and electricity assets are mainly located in Zhejiang province, regional power supply and demand patterns and economic performance are better, and the company ' s fire and electricity assets are more profitable, taking into account that the company ' s future fire and power plant will continue to grow and become gradually operational, the company ' s performance is expected to remain robust, giving it 2024.
In our projections of the future profitability of the company ' s fire and electricity projects, we have set a number of parameters that are based on historical data and individual judgement of future changes: 1, the current level of coal prices and the implementation of capacity price policies may result in lower electricity prices; and, at the same time,
The continued growth in the size of the new energy grid may in the future squeeze on the amount of power generated by fire and power generation, leading to a period of heat and power projects, or an increase in the cost of nuclear fuel, and a decline in the profitability of the company's participation in nuclear power companies, which will affect the return on investment by the company, thereby making performance less robust than expected.
The price of electricity on the Internet is an important factor affecting the profitability of companies. The price of electricity on the Internet is strictly regulated by the Government and may in the future lead to changes in the prices of electricity on the Internet, which may affect the profitability of companies as the electricity reforms deepen and the competition for access is implemented.
2 - Macroeconomic downside risks. If the macroeconomic downside is likely to affect the demand for electricity consumption, resulting in electricity being consumed less than expected; at the same time, the lax supply and demand patterns of electricity could lead to lower prices, affecting corporate income. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author