The production of gold dragons continues to grow, and Shandong's annual review of gold in 2024 is on the 28th of March, 2025.
Incident: The company published its annual report for 2024, in which it achieved business income of $82,518 million in 2024, with a steady increase in the company ' s mineral gold production: 46.17 tons in 2024, an increase of 10.5 per cent compared to the previous year. The company ' s mineral gold production grew by 4.39 tons compared to the same period.
After a breakthrough in the company ' s production, the production capacity was upgraded, with production increasing by 1.14 tons and 0.15 tons, respectively, over the same period last year; the levels of the western and central treasures and the new city ' s gold fields increased by 0.05 tons and 0.25 tons, respectively, of gold production; and the Linglong mine resumed work, the processing of the selected and the selection of the selected products.
High, yield can be further released, with gold production rising by 0.21 tons; total gold mining in Belladro increased by 27.71 per cent and gold production increased significantly by 1.4 tons; in addition, mountain gold International achieved a year-round convergence that also increased corporate gold production.
The construction and construction of security facilities have improved the size of the production capacity, with gold production declining by 3.38 tons from last year. The development of the new city gold mine, the Jia family gold resource integration project, the full recovery of the Linglong gold mine, and the commissioning of the Katino Namutti Ni gold mine will continue to increase the company ' s production of its own gold in 2025, and the company plans to do so.
The gold price rises the company ' s mineral gold bill, Māori: the average domestic gold spot price rose by the same amount in 2024, driving the company ' s own gold unit profitability up to 50 tons in 2025, and the company ' s own gold bill bill was Māori by the same amount in 2024.
Internal and external extension to increase the stock of gold resources and to strengthen the company ' s future base of development: during the reporting period, the company accumulated $590 million in prospecting to achieve 58.8 tons of additional gold resources for prospecting, including 11.2 tons of new gold resources, 7.75 tons of gold from the Ghana Katino Division, Jorjia Gold Mine, Trisan Island Gold Mine, Gold Continent, etc., respectively.
7.7 tons, 7.47 tons. In addition, the company successfully competed for prospecting rights on the outskirts of the bridge gold mine, completing the acquisition and purchase of 70 per cent of the stockholdings in the Xiaohai mine industry, and successfully injected the right to prospecting in the Western Ridge gold mine into the company, integrating it with the right to mine gold in San Francisco and obtaining 4.95 million tonnes/year of integration mining licences.
By the end of 2024, the amount of gold and metal reserves held by the Department had increased to 2058.46 tons.
The company's "Galactic Colors" apparel reports: Gold in Shandong: Gold Prices Influencing Investment Recommendations: The Fed is entering interest-reduction cycles, and the Trumpa Tariff Global Trade War risks are on the rise, with a residual surge in performance.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.