Researchchand developmentcenter oil and gas taps and smelting giants with a strong profit and a growing value.
- China Oil (601857.sh)/China Oil Shares (0857.hk) cover report for the first time
China Oil (601857.sh) / China Oil Shares (0857.hk)
At the forefront of domestic oil and gas mining, there is a significant competitive advantage in the integration of the entire industrial chain. Companies are the dominant producers and sellers of oil and gas in China’s oil and gas industry, the global asset layout is internationally competitive, the same time is used for refining oil, chemicals, etc., and the country’s oil and gas taps are solid.
In terms of financial performance, public assets and liabilities are stable, operating cash flows are strong, and corporate cash flows have been positive for the past 10 years.
In terms of capital spending, capital spending continues to dominate the corporate oil and gas plate, in the context of the downward and upward swings, contributing to the continued release of its performance potential. Quality of upstream assets is a global leader, with fuel-grade exploration and development portfolio performance up and down.
The company’s oil and gas endowments are good, oil production has risen steadily in recent years, and the potential for natural gas growth continues to be released. The company has achieved domestic leadership, global optimization of its asset patterns, domestic strategies to increase production in the old zone and increase production in the new zone, while promoting non-conventional oil and gas.
In terms of oil and gas prices, we believe that future global supply controls and marginal supply costs are expected to rise, demand is expected to rise or will increase.
High-middle crude oil prices are better supported, international lang prices may remain relatively vulnerable and potentially mobile in the medium term, with market characteristics of the demand and the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, and the gradual introduction of domestic gas-price reforms and favourable measures is also expected to open the way for companies to increase their sales prices.
The company’s performance in the exploration and development of the plates has improved steadily, and the development of the air-head industrial chain is expected to further enhance the company’s ability to perform in a risk-resilient manner.
The average size of the refinery is as high as 9 million tons. The public supply of oil is at the forefront of domestic compliance, and the concentration of the industry is expected to increase in the context of the trend towards a tax on the consumption of finished oil and the improvement of production capacity and supply side reforms driven by the twin carbon objective.
There has been a marked improvement in the performance, and the company’s refining and marketing integration is expected to increase its profitability against a background of high oil prices. Chemical panels, the firm’s chemical infrastructure, are solid, while chemical installations have increased the competitive advantage.
Source barriers, coupled with new performance growth poles for the chemical plate, are, according to our calculations, effective against the impact of large fluctuations in international oil prices on the profits of the refined plate and the constraints on the performance of the refined plate under high oil prices, which are expected to be revalued.
Quality of assets and the deepening of corporate reforms. We're still halfway through the process of re-valuing corporate values. We've re-examined corporate and oil industry reforms. In recent years, companies have deepened market-based reforms, emphasizing innovation drivers and high-quality development strategies.
The programme of work, which is guided by the programme, is expected to increase the productivity and efficiency of the company’s operations. In the evaluation system, it is expected to increase the efficiency of the company’s operations through a horizontal comparison of three barrels.
Oil and offshore oil and gas companies, which continue to deepen their reforms with remarkable results and improved operating efficiency, and Sunda S.A., especially its free cash flow, whose valuation is still not fully reflected in the market, especially at sea
In recent years, the company's asset quality has improved, and in Beijing it's the 9th Palace of 9th Street in the west corner of the city.
We believe that companies still have a high investment value. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we predict that companies will earn 6.41, 5.97, and 5.64 times more than the industry average in 2024-2026 than China’s petroleum shares, respectively.
Considering that the company, as the leader in the exploitation of oil and gas exploration on land in the country, is still relatively high upstream, with an integrated layout of the company, with greater potential to release its performance against the background of high oil prices, and that the company, as the leader in the oil and gas sector, is expected to benefit from further reforms in the United States,
The company a and h shares provide the first-time coverage of the “buy-in” rating.
Market concentration has accelerated in the “double carbon” context, with demand-side dynamic energy released in a procyclical context. Risk factors: 1) the risk of high volatility in crude oil and international gas prices. 2) the risk of production being less than expected in higher reserves. 3) the risk of excess national refining energy. 4) the replacement of new energy vehicles for the consumption of finished oil.
Over-exploitation risk. 5) Chemical over-export risk. 6) End demand recovery is not as high as expected. 7) New start-up projects are not as profitable as expected. 1 - Exploration and development tap with integrated layouts, with a strong competitive advantage for oil and gas taps in the context of medium and high oil prices.
The country’s oil and gas industry is dominated by oil and gas producers and sellers, combined with a chain of petrochemical downstream industries, such as refining oil and chemicals, with a strong domestic oil and gas pole and an internationally competitive global configuration of assets. Corporate profitability is associated with high oil and gas prices, while refining assets has continued to increase their risk resistance in recent years, with positive returns in the context of high oil prices.
The advantages of the whole industry chain are even more evident.2 The company’s boom in storage and the oil and gas industry is up to date, and the exploration and development panel’s performance can be sustained. The company’s oil and gas endowments are good, oil and gas production have risen steadily in recent years, and the potential for growth in natural gas continues to be released. The company’s unconventional oil and gas efficiency is being developed.
The results of the exploration have been remarkable, with hundreds of millions of tons and hundreds of millions of cubic metres of storage. From the point of view of oil and gas prices, we believe that future global supply controls, marginal supply costs, still rising demand are expected to support higher-middle crude oil prices, and future crude oil supply patterns are tight or unchanged, and oil and gas prices are expected to be high in the medium.
It is expected that the company’s exploration and development plate will be aligned with the upward cycle of the oil and gas landscape, and that the potential for performance release will be opened.3 The gas industry chain will contribute to the improvement of the asset quality of the plate and the company’s ability to perform against risk will be further enhanced. The refinery plate, with its strong advantages of scalding the company’s refineries, is at the forefront of the country’s oil supply, while the company operates as a national compliance champion.
In the first place, industry concentration is expected to increase further in the context of tight tariffs on finished oil consumption and optimized production capacity, and supply-side reforms driven by double carbon targets. Chemical panels, corporate chemical fundamentals are solid, and companies have achieved the exploitation of exploration and exploitation by-products, creating resource barriers to raw materials such as ethane, leading to new performance growth poles in the chemical panels, based on our calculations on 2011 - 2011.
In 2023 data, it is expected that a single 1.2 million tonnes of ethylene ethylene ethylene project will be central to the ebitda project or around 4-5 billion, or that it will be effective in countering the impact of large fluctuations in international oil prices on the profitability of the refined plate and in addressing the constraints on the performance of the refined plate under high oil prices, and that the divisional refining asset is expected to be re-evaluated.
In 2022, the National Investment Commission proposed a programme of work to improve the quality of companies listed in China’s corporate holdings, under which the company’s productive viability and efficiency are expected to increase further.
The company’s performance is expected to increase. We see that the company has continued to deepen its reforms with significant and robust results, especially in terms of its free cash flow, but its valuation is still not fully reflected in the market, particularly in comparison with the overseas hydrocarbon company’s valuation, which is still relatively low, with changes in the quality of the company’s assets in recent years.
Well, the potential of performance is still to be expected, and we believe that companies still have a high investment value. The market generally views corporate business as focused on upstream exploration and development panels, while recognizing the obvious cost-end pressures on downstream refining plates in the context of high oil prices, thus infering that refining plates contribute negatively to profitability in the context of high oil prices.
We believe that in recent years, companies have been working on technology and project initiatives such as molecular refining oils, ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene projects, for example, where the ethane resource is a resource barrier from upstream exploration to downstream refining the integrated layout of the whole chain, which is not available to most other domestic refining companies.
In the context of high oil prices, downstream chemical prices are supported by costs, which in turn contribute to the profitability of the ethylene ethylene ethylene project, effectively increasing corporate profitability and risk resistance. In the traditional exploration and development plates, companies are also increasing production in reserves and upgrading oil and gas replacements in new production areas, and in the context of high oil prices, the company’s entire chain is expected to rise.
In addition, we see that the State Finance Committee of the State Council will fully implement the “One Business” test for central enterprises by signing a personalization.