China Oil (601857.sh) Unconventional natural gas operations will be rapidly developing.
In recent days, China's oil southwest oil and gas fields have made new progress in the exploration of non-conventional natural gas, and the oil and gas field sxm block has been tested at a level of 4 wells in Manchuria, which has generated more than 800,000 gasses from Japanese production, with an unstoppable flow of more than 2 million.
1) In the medium- and long-term, the country ' s gas demand has been growing faster, with non-conventional natural gas becoming a major contributor to the increase in production: in 2023, the country ' s gas demand rose from 390 billion cubic metres in 2000 to 7.2 per cent in the same year. According to the 14th-year modern energy system, in 2040, the share of non-conventional natural gas in national gas production rose from 35 per cent in 2018 to 43 per cent in daily terms.
In the early stages of exploration, it is evident that the rate of unconventional natural gas is clearly low and is the main source of future increases (2). Non-conventional natural gas, consisting mainly of dense gas, shale gas and gas, has been commercialized in our country: non-conventional natural gas means natural industrial production that cannot be obtained through the transfer of technology, and natural gas that needs new technologies to improve reservoir penetration or fluid viscosity in order to be economically exploited.
In the early and mid-term, we have a high level of storage implementation, a relatively well-known reservoir, a relatively well-established system of appropriate development technologies, a relatively low-risk advantage for development, and the Ordos Basin, which is the focal point for the development of dense gas, with a prospective production of between 700 and 8 trillion cubic metres. China’s shale gas development is in its early stages, and the shale gas extraction technology is now independent of its own.
Mainly, future exploration and development will focus on exploration and exploitation in new and old areas of the new zone, and the development of new zones, new layers and new types of areas, with wide scope for development, with a projected 40 billion cubic metres of shale gas production in 2030. With the successful establishment of two major coal-bed gas industry bases in the water basin and east of the Ordos basin, our future development will be directed towards the development of new areas of the mid-surface and the development of deep-water gas scalation, planning for the future.
In 2030, coal-bed gas production reached 30 billion cubic metres and, over the long term, 100 billion cubic metres of annual production. (3) The company's non-conventional natural gas business plans made it clear that the prospects for increased production were wide: 46.7 trillion cubic metres of shale gas, 1.96 trillion cubic metres of gas and 13.4 trillion cubic metres of gas resources in the company's mining rights.
100 million cubic metres, with a new capacity of 65.5 billion cubic metres/year, yielding 40-45 billion cubic metres in 2025; shale gas is expected to remain at a faster rate of demand for China ' s natural gas in 2025, with a detectable or basic reserves of 4 trillion cubic metres in mid-deep Kawanan, 3500-4000m, with a new capacity of 35 billion cubic metres/year, and production of 27-30 billion Chinese natural gas in 2025.
Natural gas is a low-carbon fossil energy source. China has entered a phase of energy development that is accompanied by incremental and stock substitution, with natural gas with a dual mission of providing safe supplies and green low-carbons. The main components of natural gas are aerocarbons, with more than 95% methane content, a clean low-carbon attribute, a relatively low-carbon species of fossil energy, and weather-standard heat values are close to oil, well above coal.
As a result of resource endowment constraints, our natural gas accounts for a relatively low share of primary energy, but there is much room for growth. Coal has been the country’s largest major source of energy, but it is gradually declining, with consumption declining from its peak of more than 70% in 2010 to 60.69% in 2020.
Natural gas accounts for the smallest share of the three fossil energy sources, but it is growing rapidly, rising from 1.47% in 1990 to 7.57% in 2020. Compared to the world average, our natural gas accounts for a relatively low share of primary energy, and in the future there is a vast space for development in our country.
Our natural gas demand is expected to remain high. The typical natural gas market development process basically consists of a start-up, a development period, and a maturity period.
Since 2001, China’s natural gas has entered a new era, starting with the construction of industrial patterns, represented by the four major production bases of Ordos, Tarim, Sichuan, and the South China Sea. China’s gas consumption in 2010 was 100 billion cubic metres, affected by the epidemic in 2022, and its apparent consumption was 363.8 billion, a 2.7% decline in comparison, the first in nearly 20 years.
There has been a negative growth in natural gas demand in 2023, with 39 billion cubic metres of gas consumption in the year, an increase of 7.2 per cent over the year. According to the 1405 Modern Energy System, gas consumption in 2025 will reach 420-46 billion cubic metres, with a compound increase of about 7 per cent, and a peak of gas consumption is projected to occur in 2040, at about 700 billion cubic metres.
As the seven-year plan of action to increase the storage of natural gas has continued, the country has experienced rapid growth, but domestic production has slowed in recent years as a result of the epidemic. In 2022, gas production reached 217.8 billion, an increase of 6% compared to the previous year. In the future, the country will continue to build on its domestic security of supply and promote steady growth in natural gas, which the country is able to achieve.
The Bureau of Sources expects to produce more than 230 billion cubic metres of natural gas in 2025 and to stabilize at more than 300 billion cubic metres in 2040 and beyond. The external dependence of natural gas reached a peak of 44.76 per cent in 2021.
Beginning in 2016, as a result of low oil prices, domestic investment in oil and gas exploration and exploitation continued to decline, the external dependence of natural gas rose rapidly, and the country’s energy security increased. In 2019, the National Energy Agency officially implemented a seven-year action plan to increase production in the hydrocarbon sector, and domestic oil enterprises increased their exploration and development funds and scientific and technological inputs, with intensive upstream exploration results.
Our unconventional natural gas resources, such as coal-bed gas, shale gas, are very rich and promising for exploration and exploitation. In 2018-2023, the production of unconventional natural gas (shale gas, gas) rose rapidly, from less than 35 per cent to about 43 per cent of the country’s total natural gas production.
Our detection of unconventional natural gas, which is represented by shale gas, is clearly low, with significant additional storage space. As exploration progresses, it becomes increasingly difficult to discover high-quality reserves of natural gas, with low penetrations of non-conventional natural gas, such as dense gas, shale gas, etc., becoming the subject of additional reserves.
At the end of 2020, the cumulative national geological reserves of unconventional natural gas were 19.61 trillion cubic metres, with a detection rate of only 7.00 per cent. The regular reserves of natural gas and classified gas were 16,88 trillion cubic metres, with a detection rate of 11.48 per cent.
One hundred million cubic metres, with a detection rate of 1.91%; and a detection geological reserve of 73 trillion cubic metres, with a detection rate of 2.61%. China’s dense gas, shale gas, and coal gas are in the early and mid-term of exploration and are the main sources of future gas reserves.
As exploration and exploitation has intensified, the exploration and exploitation area has now been extended to most of the country, mainly in the Sichuan, Ordos, Tarriwood, Bi-Guer, Zaydam, Matsuyo, Bay and other basins. In the course of natural gas development in China, conventional gas on land constitutes the bulk of natural gas production, accounting for nearly 60% of the production. In 2023, China produced 22,97.7 billion cubic metres of natural gas, of which 13.8 billion cubic metres of conventional gas and dense gas were produced.
Of these, conventional gas production is 150 billion cubic metres, dense gas production is 70 billion cubic metres, shale gas production is 60 billion cubic metres, and coal gas production is 20 billion cubic metres. China’s non-conventional gas resources are abundant, and the share of future production is expected to exceed 50%.
Unconventional hydrocarbons are the types of oil and gas extracted economically, including oil sands, oil shales, shales, shale oils, gas layers, gas hydrates, etc. Unconventional oil and gas have two key indicators: (1) a large and continuous distribution of oil and gas, with no clear closed lines; (2) no natural industries stabilize production.
In general, the flow of oil and gas in the development process can be divided into Darcey, which limits it, slides away, and spreads four modes of flow. For dense oil and shale oil and gas, it is mainly reflected in the development process as a limited flow of Darcey. The differences in seepage mechanisms directly lead to the idea of conventional and non-conventional oil and gas development.
Unconventional oil and gas mining difficulties require steady production growth through inter-well replacement. Unconventional oil and gas reservoirs are so dense that there is generally no natural industrial output and require enhanced production capacity using targeted mining techniques such as manual modifications, large wells, multi-bed wells or horizontal wells, with eight main mining features: (1) continuous regional distribution of oil and gas, local development “desserts”; (2) lack of uniform oil and gas interfaces and high and low yields; and (3) development programming masters
To be based on offshore boundary determination and resource projections; (4) a typical “l”-type production curve, with a reduction rate of over 50 per cent in year 1 and a long-term low production stability; (5) the need to drill hundreds of wells without a real “dry well”; (6) a low rate of harvest, with one mining dominated, by interwelling replacement; (7) a high level of build-up of wells and platform-type factory production: (8) no geological risk, but with low efficiency.
After the body backlog breaks, the production of oil and gas throughout the life cycle can be divided into four stages, which can be divided into high-yield periods, with a reduction in production, low-yielding periods, low-yielding periods, and low-yielding periods. Unconventional extraction features determine that non-conventional oil and gas mining pursues cumulative production, maximizes economic benefits throughout the life cycle, stabilizes production of oil and gas in production areas or increases mainly through interwell succession.
In recent years, unconventional geological theory has led to a breakthrough in exploration and exploitation in non-conventional areas, leading to an unconventional gas leap. China’s non-conventional natural gas production has developed an important strategic pattern, namely, the strategic replacement area and the main force force force for China’s natural gas reserves, a major breakthrough in shale gas, a high-intensity growth in dense gas, and significant progress in the coal-bed gas sector. In recent years, China has achieved a series of results in the area of non-conventional natural gas: the intensive gas industry.
Area: Innovative theoretical understanding of the “cluster” pattern of concentration of massive sandy sandy gas, revealing a pattern of intense gas formation in priority basins and accumulation of dense gas; discovery of about 6 trillion cubic metres of geological reserves; innovations that have created the theory of low-smell consistent gas development and the effective development of key technologies to break through horizontal wells; bottlenecks in the development of economies of scale, such as multi-blown shale gas; innovations that have created “sedimental rock storage, conservation storage, high-quality storage”
By the end of 2022, shale gas had accumulated a total of 2.89 trillion cubic metres of geological reserves, and eight gas fields had been found in the provinces of Yuen, Huixin, Changing, Chitong, Huixiang, Yongchuan, Yangjiang, as well as in the demonstration areas of the three State-level industries. In the area of coal-bed gas, the creation of a “multi-source reservoir” of low- and middle-level coal gas (gas)
The theoretical understandings of rich, meso-deep coal-bed gas (coal-rock gas) and coal-system gas “symmetrically stacked” cubes have led to the formation of major low-cost exploration technologies, the innovative and efficient development of major technologies and the construction of national-level gas (coal-rock gas) industrial bases in the southern part of the water basin and the eastern part of the Ordos basin. Promotion of deep-water development has been promoted, with the construction of seven demonstration projects on coal-bed gas (coal-rock gas) in the water basin and the Ordos basin, among others.
Figure 13: China’s main non-conventional oil and gas-enabling zone distribution map on land is in the early and mid-day stages of our intensive gas exploration, with the Ordos Basin being the focal point for intensive gas development.
According to the results of China ' s fourth oil and gas resource assessment, the total amount of gas on land is 21.85 trillion cubic metres, of which 13.32 trillion cubic metres, or more than 60 per cent of the total, are found in the Ordos basin. More than 1 trillion cubic metres are found in the Sichuan, Matsugi and Tarriwood basins, with other basins scattered by the end of 2020.
In the Ordos basin, the potential for further increase is identified as a geological reserve of 549 trillion cubic metres, with a detection rate of only 25.1%, which is still in the early stages of exploration. In the Ordos basin, the production of dense gas exceeds 90% of the country’s total production of dense gas, is the core of the country’s current, and in the future will be the backbone of the development of dense gas. In contrast to the coal and shale gas in non-conventional natural gas, the production of dense sandy gas has a high level of implementation and a high level of storage.
The potential for exploration and exploitation is enormous, given the relative clarity of the layer, the existence of an appropriate system of development technologies, the relatively low risk of exploitation, and the fact that our country has gone through four stages of exploration and exploitation: (i) the initial phase of exploration (1971-1995): the first discovery in the Sichuan basin in 1971 of a dense gas field from a dam, followed by the discovery of a number of small, dense gas fields, which were developed in a low-permeability, very low-permeability reservoir-based manner, but in progress.
Slower journeys; (2) Resource size discovery phase (1996-2005): major breakthroughs in exploration in ancient communities in the Ordos basin, where dense air reserves such as Surig, cattle, rice resin were discovered, but production grew at a slow pace, constrained by the technology, investment, etc. at the time; (3) Production rapid upswing phase (2006-2014): advances in technology development as reservoir preferences, drilling techniques, etc., as well as regulatory and institutional innovations
Newly, it has contributed to the significant development phase of the development of the dense gas reserves represented by the Surig gas field; (4) a steady development phase (2015-present): intensive gas development has sustained the impact of low gas prices, but with new engineering equipment, new process research and development and extension, intensive gas exploration development has continued to develop steadily.
We have developed a series of key technologies for gas-rich development. In the area of gas-rich drilling, our scientists have developed and dug up the remaining resources in the direction of gas-rich drilling techniques. Through sustained closures, we have developed innovative techniques for generating the speed of industrial wells, long-level segments, rapid drilling of wells, borehole drilling techniques, side drilling techniques, gas drilling techniques, etc., which have brought our gas-rich wells up to 5,000 metres.
The efficiency of drilling has been significantly improved during the “13th Five” period through the implementation of technical closing tests and applications such as the overall design of the large platform, the barrage of the wells, the joint operation of the multi-drill rigs, and the recycling of the drilling fluids.
The application of the plant-based operating model and the upgrading of the drilling rig technology to form a “multilayered, stereo, multi-well type, large well-breeding” model have been effective in improving the efficiency of the development of the dense gas.
Figure 16: Modelling of the development of the dense gas-stereotyping wells, compared to only 7-10 days in North America. The domestic average is 1,200-1500 metres, compared to 1,500-3000 metres in North America. Our rigs are also only one third-1/2 of North America.
One platform can drill more than 30 horizontal wells, have more than 80 break-ups in two wells with heavy oil and gas, and have a shorter construction cycle of 63.3 per cent in the more conventional mode, where there is still much room for upgrading. Hydraulic sliders, step-by-step drilling techniques; single, modularized and industrial rigs are equipped with a fully mobile system that allows rapid inter-well movement.
Large-scale single-platform platform drills 5-30 high-level wells. The domestic construction cycle is reduced by 56% of single-plate wells by more than 30 high-level wells. The construction cycle in the United States is reduced by 63.3%, and the application of reservoir identification and pre-earthquake reverse techniques by simulation of three-dimensional sand predictions and seismic stacking allows for the identification of five-to-five-m thin sands through high-precision three-dimensional seismic techniques. The “sweet spots” predict a success rate of 65% \sim95%.
80%. Dessert predicts an accuracy of 50% to 85%, evaluates a sample of internal seismic and side-to-side resistance rates as well as drilling.
The resistance rate of 5~10 m, 10~30 m trillion cubic metres followed by the sound waves of the drill, of which 549 trillion cubic metres, or 32% of the total reserves, have been identified. In the last 10 years, the share of gas in the total reserves of gas has been increasing, but the detection rate remains low compared to the volume of gas resources, with significant potential for growth and space.
By the end of 2020, the country had developed a total of 2.39 trillion cubic metres of classified gas reserves and a surplus of 3.10 trillion cubic metres of unused reserves, which, calculated on the basis of 50 per cent of the collection rate, could be collected at a level of 1,200 trillion cubic metres, with a current yield of 0,44 trillion cubic metres, and a surplus of 0.76 trillion cubic metres of available reserves; and an unexpended stock of 3.1 trillion cubic metres, calculated on the basis of a collection rate of 35-40 per cent.
It is calculated that 10.9-1.24 trillion cubic metres of available reserves have not been utilized. The remaining reserves have been detected. The total remaining reserves are 1.86-2.00 trillion cubic metres. According to the results of China ' s fourth oil resource evaluation, the detection rate is low (25.1 per cent), and there is room for further improvement compared to the detection rate at the right and left, which is 5.0 per cent of the mature areas.
In the Ordos and Sichuan basins, the future detection reserves are the resource base for ensuring further steady production of our dense gas, with a 30-35% recovery rate of 30-75 trillion cubic metres of natural gas available for the new detection component, which can support the country’s shale gas 7-8 million, the United States being the first country to carry out shale gas research and achieving energy independence through shale gas. Shale gas is stored in mineral-rich shale formations.
As a new area of oil and gas resources, the exploration and use of shale gas has received increasing attention from countries around the world. The United States is the first country to conduct shale gas research and is a global player.
China’s shale gas development is in its initial stages, with new belts, new layers, and new types of areas open for development. China’s sea-skinning, sea-land transition is taking place.
With the exception of the Sichuan Basin Five Peaks-Longma Creek group, and with the advancement of shale gas geological theory, and the accumulation and maturity of experience in shale gas scale development, Chinese shale gas exploration continues to take place in the Sichuan and Eldos basins, including Lake North Yichang, Lake North.
By the end of 2023, China’s vast and resource potential in shale-gas exploration is gradually giving rise to good prospects for development. By the end of 2023, in the Sichuan basin and at the fifth peak of the circumference, the Group-Longmar Creek had discovered eight large shale-gas fields and one small shale-gas field.
With a capacity of 45 billion cubic metres/year and an annual shale gas output of 25 billion cubic metres, China’s shale gas exploration and development has been divided into three phases: (1) the cooperation-learning phase (2007-2009): the introduction of the American shale gas concept by national scholars, which, on the basis of a geological evaluation, clarified the Sichuan Five Peaks group in the Sichuan Basin, the Tunglong Ma Creek group and the Xinjiang Wu Gang.
Two shale shale sets were the focus of China ' s s shale gas industry, which identified areas of interest for Changning, Weiwen and Tsungong shale gas, and initiated the construction of a model industrialized area. (2) Self-exploring settlements (2010-2013): the value of the development of shale gas in the Sichuan Basin 5-Rong Ma Creek group was clarified, and two shale shale gas zones were identified as breakthroughs in China ' s s shale gas industry. (3) Industrialization development phase (for 2014),
China’s shale gas development technology has gradually matured, with 3500 metres deep and shallow shale gas resources being exploited effectively, and 3,500 metres deep and deep shale gas development making breakthrough progress. Figure 20: A brief picture of the development of the shale gas industry in China
China has achieved its own autonomy in shale gas fracking technology. Shale gas is a “man-made gas reservoir”, which, owing to its low pore porosity and low penetration rate, has little natural capacity and requires the construction of three-dimensional flows in the Earth's surface using a “square well plus body backlog” technique to achieve its effective development. After more than 10 years of hard work and repeated practices, China has become a whole country.
The second country with full knowledge of core shale gas development techniques has achieved a cross-cutting development of shale gas reservoir modification theory and technology from a lack of access to, and from its introduction to, autonomy. In terms of basic theoretical research, crushing materials, artificial fission monitoring, and cracking process technology, innovations have developed the shale gas reservoir modification theory and technology systems that match our geological conditions.
China’s shale gas fracking technology and mining technology still have considerable scope to boost shale gas production. The new generation of shale gas fracking technology will result in an increase in shale gas production.
The development of shale gas is expected to continue to decrease with new technologies such as subsurface fibre-optic monitoring, big human and industrial intelligence data, and digital wells. The shale gas development is expected to continue to be reduced by 40-60% of adsorbent methane in shale.
As a result of Co, the sorption capacity in shale is 2-20 times that of methane, it is injected into shale gas reservoirs, and it is able to store Co2 and mitigate greenhouse effects while replacing methane and significantly increasing shale gas harvesting. The shale gas reservoir is estimated to contain two to five times more co2 than shale gas reserves.
Figure 21: Practice history of the crushing process 2.0. Current development of shale gas exploration is focused on new areas for exploration and exploitation in the new zone and on digging up old areas and increasing collection rates. New areas for exploration in the new zone are mainly shale gas deposits that have not yet been developed commercially on a large scale, the Sichuan Basin Shiro is a run-off well group and a cool high mountain group, the cold-moisture mackerel group, and II.
In the Sichuan basin, the Triad Group, the Triad Group and the Ullalik Group of the Ordos Basin, the Tariwood basin, the Yutsusk Group, the Sargan Group of the Autau family and the Black Tidal Group, the Karashai Group of the Rock and Charcoal Group of the North South Basin, the Quartz Group of the Second Succean Group, etc.
The shale system has also obtained good air displays or currents, and the next step is to test wells, identify high-yielding areas, and explore the development of targeted engineering processes and development techniques. The old areas dive: by the end of 2023, 2.9 trillion cubic metres of shale gas exploration had been submitted in the Sichuan basin and its surroundings, while the harvest rate, based on already available well production, is about 20%, taking into account that shale gas wells are now traversed mainly through the Five Peaks to the Dragons.
At the base of the mash, 10-15 meters, there is still a lot of unexpended vertically, and there is room for further optimization of well netting, cracking programmes, gas mining, etc. Shale gas harvesting can be enhanced by means of horizontal encryption wells, vertical hives, etc. Our shale gas production is expected to reach 40 billion cubic metres in 2030. We have built the eastern Pine States basin, the Greater Inland Oil Festival, Ordos, etc.
In 2019, the Sichuan basin produced 50.4 billion cubic metres of natural gas, of which shale gas accounted for 51 per cent. National shale production is expected to be 30 billion cubic metres in 2025, mainly from the Sichuan basin, accounting for 43 per cent of total gas production.
Over 30 billion cubic metres of energy. During the "14th Five-Year" period, the technology for sea-level shale gas development, buried between 3,500 and 4,000 metres, will be largely closed, taking into account the 20-year requirement for steady production, to produce 10 billion cubic metres per year, to support a national shale gas production of 30 billion cubic metres in 2025. If the technology for shale gas development, buried between 4,000 and 4500 m, is broken, the national production of sea-shale gas is expected to reach 40 billion in 2030.
cubic metres. The break-up of sea-level hyper-deep and low-pressure shale gas can both compensate for the decline in shale gas production in the mid- and part of the depths and serve as a “responsor” for the long-term stabilization of sea-level shale gas.
Gases. When air concentrations reach 5-16% in the coal layer, a clear fire explodes, which is the cause of an explosion in coal-mining gas. If coal-bed gas is mined first, the rate of gas-exploitation in coal-mining will be reduced by 70-85%.
Our coal-bed gas resources are abundant and widely distributed. We have a total of 30,05 trillion cubic metres of shallow gas reserves, the third largest in the world. China has 42 major coal basins, 10 of which have more than 100 billion cubic metres of coal-bed gas geological resources, ranked by resource size: the Ordos Basin, the Saltine Basin, the Fidongxi Basin, the Asakhar Basin, the Tianshan Basin, the Chuennan North Basin, the Tari Basin.
At the national level, the 10 basins account for more than 80% of the total gas geological and available resources, and the total geological resources are nearly 26 trillion cubic metres, with 11 trillion cubic metres. The geological resources and the available resources rank in the first three stages of the country as the Ordos basin, the water basin and the Fidongxi basin.
The country's coal-bed gas industry, after more than 30 years of exploration, has successfully established two major coal-bed gas industry bases on the eastern edge of the river basins and the Ordos basin, with the coal-bed gas industry at its initial scale. The development of coal-bed gas is divided into three main phases: (1) the period of the Eleventh Five-Year Plan (2006-2010): the main development of drilling techniques and levels.
Underbalanced drilling, efficient drainage, gas extraction and gas detection techniques. As of 2010, 48 coal-bed gas exploration areas, 6 mining and test-mining areas had been built in the country, approximately 5,400 gas wells had been constructed, and the construction of industrial gas bases in the water basins and the Ordos basins had been accelerated. (2) During the period of “12th Five” (2011-2015):
At the mouth, the new coal-bed gas exploration geological reserves of 35.4 billion cubic metres form the Centre for the Development of the Commercialization of Coal-bed Gases in the Water Basin and the Ordos Basin. (3) During the period of “13th Five” (2016 - 2020): coal-bed gas development is moving towards low-level coal reservoir evaluation and deep coal-bed upgrading, multi-coal-coal-coal-coal-coal-coal-coal-coal-coated mining techniques are being studied for the characteristics of the country's longitudinal multilayer paper, and intelligent technologies such as the Internet and artificial intelligence are being developed to develop smart-cracking and drainage techniques.
National coal-bed gas growth technologies have made important breakthroughs in drilling wells, cracking, drainage, etc. Our scientists have acquired a set of technologies for the development of coal-bed gas through lessons learned, introspection and research.
The three stages of exploration and development techniques for exploration and research that are compatible with the characteristics of the coal layer in the country have led to the development of production-enhancing technologies suitable for the development of gas efficiency in the country. The development of drilling techniques at the level of horizontal wells, u- wells and multi-brand wells, with the completion of boreholes, active water/bubble cracks, simple mechanical extraction, with the early end of the boreholes, has led to the progressive development of the techniques for drilling wells at the level of horizontal, u-type wells and multi-branch wells at the core of the effective production of gas from the coal layer.
The future development of coal-bed gas will be directed towards the development of new areas of the mid-water layer and the scalding of deep-seabed gas. China’s coal-bed gas geological resources amount to more than 1 trillion litres.
Ten large coal-bearing gas basins (groups) are located in Fumi, including Ordos, Python, Baingal, Tianshan, Chuan Nambei, Tarim, Hailar, 2nd Company, Tah, etc., with a total resource of 25,55 trillion cubic metres, or 85% of the country's total.
In the depths of 2000m, wells achieved 101,000 m3 per day of high-yielding industrial gas flow in deep coal reservoirs, marking a major breakthrough in the exploration and development of deep coal-bed gas, which is expected to multiply China’s total coal-bed gas resources, providing new dynamic energy for the rapid development of the coal-bed gas industry. Subsurface gasification, which reasonably coordinates the extraction of coal-bed gas and coal, is expected to increase production of coal-bed gas.
As a new technology for coal in situ mining, underground gasification has the advantage of mining environment closures, low pollution emissions, and breaking through the traditional coal-bed gas “drain-drain-drain-diffusion-disperse-silver” mining model.
To date, the country has been conducting experiments on underground gasification of coal in various mining areas, such as the Sun village coal mine in Shandong, the Cao coal mine in Shandong Fatty City, the New Brunei State coal mine in Shandong, the Gansu Anse coal mine and the Ilan coal mine in Heilongjiang Province, which have gradually evolved into a variety of mature underground coal gasification processes, such as long-wall gas flow gasification, permeable coal gas, underground gasification of carbon and control of sub-coal gasification at retreat points.
China's coal-bed gas industry has implemented a two-step development strategy in the near and long term. Step 1, by 2030, will be divided into two phases, phase 1, by 2025, with a new breakthrough in theory and technology, 10 billion cubic metres per year of production in the country's 14th Plan, firm industrial development, steady progress in the company's non-conventional natural gas development process, and clear planning.
By the end of 2020, the company had accumulated 1.1 trillion cubic metres of shale gas geological reserves, 2.7 trillion cubic metres of cascading gas reserves and 0.7 trillion cubic metres of coal gas geological reserves.
During the “13th Five-Year” period, low-grade resources, represented by non-conventional hydrocarbons, gradually became the subject of exploration and exploitation by the Department, accounting for more than 90% of the additional oil and gas exploration reserves. As of the end of 2020, shale gas, dense gas and coal production capacity had reached 24.3 billion cubic metres, 48.1 billion cubic metres and 1,82 billion cubic metres, respectively, distributed mainly in the ancient heritage of the Sichuan Basin.
The company’s unconventional oil and gas development has not only increased in volume, but has also increased in quality. The priority project is well under way, with the introduction of the concept of “controllative production” in the ancient shale gas of the Sichuan basin, which eventually raises the average single well from 900 million cubic metres (eur) to 120 million cubic metres.
Resources, which are expected to produce non-conventional natural gas three times more than at the end of the “13th Five” and much more than the total increase in natural gas. During the “14th Five” period, the shale gas is projected to be 4 trillion cubic metres (m3) of detection or basic exploration in mid-Thonnan, deep depth, with a new capacity of 35 billion cubic metres (m3) and complete drilling of water. Over 2,000 flat wells, yielding 27-30 billion cubic metres (m3) in 2025, creating a national demonstration area for the development of shale gas, such as Longning, Utsun, Tsung and others;
In the region of Ordos, for example, a new storage of 1.4 trillion cubic metres has been identified, with a new capacity of 65.5 billion cubic metres, nearly 7,000 boreholes, 2 billion cubic metres in 2025, nearly 2,000 boreholes, and 3 billion cubic metres in 2025. The Changqing oil field is the backbone of the company’s production of dense gas.
By the end of 2022, the Changqing field had reached over 25,000 gas wells, with an annual gas production of over 50 billion cubic metres (38.5 billion cubic metres of gas production), and the Changqing field has made technological advances in recent years in gas mining processes such as drilling wells, decomposition of crushing production, physical completion of wells, smart gas wells, drilling of old wells, new formations of new zones, and the development of new gas-mining practices.
In terms of technology: since its development in 2006, the Surig gas field has gradually evolved into 12 special technologies suitable for the development of the Surigh gas-rich fields, addressing the low seepage, low pressure, and low abundance.
In response to the problem of low energy and rapid reduction in the development of the gas wells in the Surig gas field, scientists divided the life cycle of the gas wells into the initial stage of production, the continuous production segment, the successive production segments of the measures, the intermittent production segment and the five stages of abandonment, which resulted in the creation of gas-intensive life-cycle technologies. Development experiences and technological programmes have been accumulated. Over the last 10 years, the rate of intensive gas harvesting has increased from 20 per cent to 35 per cent.
The construction of the country's first 3 billion cubic metres of gas-rich wells as a model for overall development; on the regulatory front: in accordance with the major decision of China's oil “to introduce a market competition mechanism to accelerate the pace of the development of the Surig gas field”, Changqing oil fields divided the areas already discovered by the Surig gas field into blocks, and in the internal tender for oil in China, five cooperation units were introduced to develop jointly, completing the development of 20 blocks in three instalments, in an innovative “5+1” model.
The cooperative development model integrates cooperation into market mechanisms, breaking institutional constraints on the area-based operations of the subsidiaries of the consortium and maximizing the integration of quality resources. Surig gas fields are expected to be able to produce steady production over the long term at 30 billion cubic metres/year scale.
The typical “triple low” gas reserves in the S basin, which, through multi-professional multidisciplinary joint operations, are finely engraved with multi-layered gas reservoir structures, layers, properties and effective reservoir display patterns, explore the formation of geologic development techniques based on “stereotypes, wells, horizontal wells, gas co-mining”, which have been effective in breaking down the problem of multi-layered gas-rich efficiency development, with a single well-coated network of 5.9 wells and building an annual capacity of 1.82 billion “gas-concessions”
Innovative demonstration areas and demonstration areas for the development of rice 7-24-level wells, which facilitate a shift in the overall development of gas fields from a “single-well” to a “spill-to-gas” approach, with significant efficiency gains. In 2022, Kagi gas fields had the capacity to produce 5 billion metres a year.
In terms of reserves, the company has created two trillion cubic metres of shale gas atmosphere in the mid- and deep layers, which provides a prerequisite for shale gas to move from routine to conventional development. In terms of production, China’s first shale gas well-Wei1 well was developed by the company in 2010 and obtained shale gas test production to boost shale gas, which was officially approved as our 172nd independent mine in 2011.
In 2014, Chinese oil initiated the construction of 2.6 billion cubic metres/year shale gas capacity in the Kawanan region, achieving 1.3 billion cubic metres of shale gas production by 2015. During the “13th Five” period, Chinese oil accelerated the development of shale gas, with 3,500 m in Changning, Weiwen and Tsung buried deep in shallow shale gas resources. As of the end of 2019, cumulative shale rock exploration was carried out.
In 2022, the company produced 14 billion cubic metres of shale gas. The company led the development of shale gas in the country in terms of shale gas theory and organizational management. The company has developed three technical sequences covering shale oil and gas geological evaluation, development, engineering and is represented by shale gas-level dessert evaluation, geotechnical precision modelling, geoengineering integration programme design, etc.
Ten key technologies have been developed, and equipment such as a series of automated drilling rigs, voltage-drilling equipment, continuous pipe operation equipment, rotation of geo-directed drilling systems, etc. Supported by these technologies and equipment, company shale gas exploration has made a leap. For example, in the depth of wells, the average well depth of the shale well has grown from 4841 metres in 2018 to 5039 metres in 2021.
The shift from “feasible” to “economically viable” innovation has resulted in a “one-size-fits-all” management model that encompasses “project life-cycle management, integration, specialization, marketing, socialization support, digital transformation, greening development”, while promoting the development of shale oil and gas in large wells, platforming, plant-based operating models and “one-horse” service models to facilitate the development of efficiency gains.
In 2023, the production of shale gas in Central Oil South West, which marked the construction of millions of tons of shale gas production, was accelerating the construction of a second billion cubic metres of shale production. In 2023, the production of shale gas in Central Oil South West, which marked the construction of millions of tons of shale gas production, the south-west oil and gas fields, invested in the promotion of shale gas exploration and development, “long-term production stability at the mid-level, accelerated production at the depths, and strategic storage at the new layers of the system”, all of which went hand-in-hand.
Southwest oil and gas fields are deepening the oil company model, forming a new three-tier, all-shared, first-class management model for the development of 23 pieces of gas efficiency in Kawanan, developing a critical technology system for the exploitation of shallow shale gas from 3,500 metres in Kawanan and efficiently building the country's first shale and gas field, which is a trillion-dollar reserve, and building a solid production base. At the bottom, the southwest oil and gas fields continue to improve the platform's high-yielding model, focusing on deep drilling.
With regard to the new layers, the Southwest oil and gas fields have accelerated their efforts to promote the evaluation and development of the new layers of shale gas.
The company's coal-bed gas operations are mainly carried out by the North China Oil Field Company and the North China Oil Field Company, which is based on the rich coal-bed gas resources of the Toto River Basin and is self-reliant and based on high-tech technology, and has been engaged in technological innovation for many years to build up China's first mining priorities in the field of oil-coal-line gas.
The pilot site created a high-coal scale coal layer gas dredging development, resulting in a significant increase in production per day in the construction of a new level of single wells, with over 48 per cent of high-yield wells and over 95 per cent of capacity availability. As of June 2022, both the daily production and the daily delivery of gas from the North China Oilfield gas wells in the Shanxi River Basin had reached 5.5 million cubic metres, and the annual ground extraction capacity exceeded 2 billion cubic metres, aiming for annual ground extraction in 2025.
In 2021, the gas company, the gas company, the gas company, submitted 112.2 billion square metres of gas geological reserves from the large-scale coal-bed gas field of the General Ministry of Gas, which is the first coal-bed area in the country to be more than 2,000 metres deep, with a high capacity of more than 100 billion. In 2022, the Yellow River carried out an expansional evaluation and a rolling exploration operation in the Yellow River west to continue the scale increase.
In October 2023, the coal-bed gas company Yoshiping 2h produced up to 67,000 units per day and more than 60,000 units per week. This marked a major breakthrough in exploration for deep-sea coal and gas in the Ordos basin, which, according to a preliminary assessment, is about 1 billion tons of coal and gas in the Ordos basin.
Risks of significant fluctuations in crude oil prices; risks of natural disasters; risks of new projects not being produced as expected; geopolitical risks; policy risks Author ensures that data used in reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party by reasoning judgement or drawing conclusions; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future