China Oil (601857.sh) actively practises “molecular oil refining” and continues to push for “reduced oil”
In 2023, the production of new chemical materials by companies increased by 60 per cent.
In the recent past, a pre-research report of 1.2 million tonnes of petrochemical/Neptune ethylene retrofitting project in Lanzhou has been approved by China Oil Group Corporation; the annual production of 3.8 million tonnes of general pressure-repressure devices for the conversion and upgrading of petrochemicals in Jilin has been successfully installed; and the total completion of the earth level clean-up project for the integration and upgrading of petrochemicals has been completed in Guangxi.
One billion tons per year, 78.5% in 2023 and excess in 2023. Currently, 122 million tons per year of refined oil are built and approved, with higher capacity growth.
2) We have a limited increase in the demand for finished oil, and the “reduced oil” is a necessary route for the transformation of the refinery: the gasoline side: with the accelerated replacement of electric vehicles for gasoline cars, the country is expected to have a peak in the year 2025. The trend of conventional fuel-car energy-saving consumption has also reduced the increase in the consumption of gasoline over long periods of time, with the gas consumption rate expected to increase by no more than 2%. The diesel side: the country is currently in the late stages of industrialization, with the value added by the secondary sector.
With a share of about 40% gdp, which is expected to decline steadily in the future, productive diesel consumption is on a downward trend. In the area of transport, the iron-for-public strategy and ng heavy cards have also replaced part of diesel demand, our diesel consumption is currently declining.
Some of our chemical products are currently facing a lack of production capacity, with 33.1% dependence on polyethylene imports in 2023 and a projected 20% dependence on imports in 2025. In 2023, our dependence on polypropylene imports was 8.0%. Although a balance of imports and exports is expected to be achieved by 2025, the high-end product still needs to break through.
3) The company actively pursues its strategy of “reduced oil” through the construction of large-scale refinery integration projects and the upgrading of refineries. The company's Guangdong petrochemical integration project, launched in 2023, was the largest-scale world-class refining project in the country, with a refining capacity of 20 million tonnes/year, with the major chemical products producing 2.6 million tonnes/year of dibenzene and 1.2 million tonnes/year of ethylene.
Designs have increased the flexibility of Guangdong petrochemicals, a typical case of “reduced oils.” Priority projects such as the Gilling Petrochemical Refinery Conversion and Upgrading Project, Guangxi Petrochemicals and the 1.2 million tonnes/year 2 Ethylene Project, the One Mountain PIC, are steadily moving forward, and these projects will contribute significantly to the company's “reduced oil” strategy.
The main products of petroleum refining are two broad categories of finished oils and chemical products, mainly gasoline, diesel oil, kerosene, etc., used as fuel for delivery, agricultural machinery, power machinery, etc., in the process of refining oil.
Intermediary or end-products such as petrocephalus, aromatic hydrocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons, etc. can produce thousands of chemical products such as resins, rubbers, and fibre optics. The refinery can design different product options based on the characteristics of the material and the combination of different refining processes.
Since 2000, our crude oil processing capacity has risen rapidly to 910 million tons per year by the end of 2021, exceeding the United States refining capacity of 907 million tons per year in the same period, becoming the world’s largest oil refinery. By the end of 2023, our refining capacity stood at 936 million tons, compared to 12 million tons by the end of 2022. China’s crude oil processing capacity was 735 million tons in 2023.
The country’s crude-oil-processing capacity is overstretched. The refining sector is becoming more market-oriented, and the private sector is growing rapidly. In the late “12th Five” period, the country’s economic transition has slowed.
Lower demand for downstream products has increased the excess capacity for crude oil processing, with the refinery starting rate hovering at about 70%. The problem of “big but not strong” refining is particularly acute.
China’s oil industry, China’s centralization, private enterprise, and foreign investment compete for a variety of competitions. In 2022, the country’s industrial and industrial refining capacity reached 619 million tons, or 67.1 per cent of the country’s oil refining capacity; private oil refining capacity stood at 262 million tons, or 28.4 per cent; and other economic actors, such as foreign investment, accounted for 42 million tons, or 4.5 per cent.
Small-scale private refining companies face a phase-out and the competitive pressures of major refineries are expected to subside. The national sector has repeatedly suggested that by 2025, the country’s crude oil processing capacity would be limited to 1 billion tons at a time, with 10 million tons of refined oil producing capacity at a time of about 55 per cent. According to the Economic Technology Research Institute of the China Petroleum Group, the country’s crude oil processing capacity was 936 million tons per year at the end of 2023.
After all the planned projects were completed, the crude oil processing capacity reached the policy ceiling, and it was inevitable that the one-ton operating cost of the large refineries would be lower than that of small refineries, and that the large refineries would be able to take advantage of their resources and size.
At the stage of industrial development, where production capacity must be depressed, small private refineries are destined to be eliminated, and oil production is expected to be concentrated further toward the head. Consumption of finished oil is nearing its peak, new energy vehicles with limited space for growth accelerate the efficiency of replacement fuel trucks with fuel trucks, and petrol demand is expected to grow at a low rate.
The region’s development experience shows that, with more than 200 vehicle holdings for 1,000 people, the car market will enter the low-to-medium growth phase of the popularization period. China’s vehicle fleet exceeded 200 in 2021, while total vehicle market sales are now in the low-to-medium growth period, while the accelerated growth of electric vehicles has led to a rapid decline in petrol vehicle holdings, which is expected to peak in 2025.
The trend in diesel consumption is closely linked to the development of the country’s economy and the second industry, which is currently in the late stages of industrialization, with a secondary sector accounting for about 40% of the total, and a downward trend in productive diesel consumption. In the area of transport, at the strategic level, we have proposed an iron-for-public strategy to reduce the proportion of road cargo, and have actively promoted the lang card.
The share of diesel fuel consumption in road transport has also declined as a result of the more economical use of eng heavy cards. The demand for diesel fuel is expected to decline by 1 to 2% per year during the 14th century. In addition to the real product included in official statistics, the end-use oil sector also includes two parts of the actual consumption: one is due to overstatement and understatement by businesses.
The production of diesel fuel, which has led to official underestimations, and the substantial reconciliation of the resources generated by the oil mix, such as domestic production of light fuel oils, imported light cycle oils, etc., which can be used as diesel fuel, can be easily reconciled. Since 2021, the domestic refining industry and the finished oil market have undergone unprecedented industrial regulation and market-ordering operations, regulating the market by a variety of means, leading to more comprehensive and accurate diesel-viewing statistics leading to diesel-viewing consumption.
The use of kerosene, mainly in the airline industry, has some potential for growth in the future. Air kerosene accounts for more than 90% of kerosene consumption, while the increase in the population’s disposable revenues and consumption has led to a long-term increase in civil aviation transport, a rising volume of passenger and air freight, and a rising demand for aviation kerosene.
Taking into account China’s geographical, demographic and resource constraints, it is expected that per capita occupancy will remain above 400 million tons since 2019, from 0.47 times per year in 2020. In the future, China’s refining projects will be upgraded and new private and foreign investment projects will continue, adding more than 122 million tons/year of refining capacity.
With a 40% rate and a 90% rate of start-up, oil production will exceed 10 million tonnes by 2025. With a 2% annual increase in gasoline consumption, diesel demand will need to be stabilized, kerosene demand will need to grow by 8%, and oil production will need 400 million tonnes in 2025.
Our exports of finished oils are subject to quota restrictions, and the main refining enterprises, such as China's oil, are well targeted. Our exports of finished oils were subject to a quota system and, until 2019, export targets were rising in order to ease the pressure on excess refining capacity. The refining industry has been undergoing a deepening adjustment since the Fourteenth Five-Five Year, and our export quotas have continued to decline in order to reverse the trend of large-scale imports of crude oil and large-scale exports of finished oil. In 2023, we released 3999 million tons of finished oil.
Export quotas, which received 12.24 million tons of oil, the first batch of finished oil quotas in 2024 totalled 19 million tons, and the middle oil totalled 5.78 million tons. Major refining companies, represented by China Oil, are holding sufficient targets to actively exploit domestic and foreign price differentials for arbitrage.
A tight balance, with a certain gap in crude oil supply, has led to an increase in international oil prices. Recent geopolitical risks have also pushed up oil prices, and Brent crude oil prices have remained high since they passed $90/ton. With regard to the poor oil prices of finished products, the average gas crack price was $1062/ton in the 14th week of 2024.
The price difference is 597/1207/829/1146 tonnes. The average price difference for diesel oil cracking in the 14th week of 2024 (2024.04.14) was $580/the supply of partial chemical products was inadequate. “Leverage” was the main direction of the major transformation of the medium- and large-scale refineries.
On top of this, “reduced oil” is a trend. The current transformation of traditional refineries is mainly to increase the production of basic organic feedstocks, including ethylene, acrylic, butadiene, benzene, toluene and dibenzene. Polyethylene is the largest downstream of ethylene, with a high degree of dependence on imports. ethylene is used in large quantities for the production of polyethylene, vinyl chloride and vinyl chloride, ethylene, phenylene.
Styrene and polystyrene. Polyethylene is the largest application area of ethylene, with an application ratio of over 60%. Our ethylene and polyethylene production capacity has grown rapidly as a result of the ongoing production of our large-scale refining projects.
Over 20%, the polyethylene gap is still large. - Polypropene is basically a balance between supply and demand, and high-end products still need to be broken. Acryl is mainly used to produce polypropylene, acetylene, isopropanol, epoxypropane, etc. Polypropene is the largest downstream product of apropylene. As the Apropene preparation path is more diversified, the self-sufficiency rate is significantly higher than polyethylene, 2023.
The annual consumption of polypropylene is 35.6 million tons, yielding 32.25 million tons, and dependence on imports is 8.0%. With the exception of some high-end products, our polypropene is largely self-sufficient, and our import dependence on polypropene is projected to drop to near zero per cent in 2025, but the polypropene industry still needs to break through the high-end plate in order to achieve full autonomy.
The high-end ethylene consumption of high-end hydrocarbons such as eva/poe has increased.eva (Ethylene-acetylene acetylene condensates) is an advanced high-molecular material. Because of its high transparency and stickyness, which applies to various interfaces, such as glass and metals, good environmental resistance has made it possible to resist high temperatures and the apparent consumption of 3.339 million tons in the year.
The consumption of ethylene will also be driven. p0e (an unregulated conglomerates elastomer of ethylene and high carbon α-vinyl hydrocarbons) is better than ever before in the photovoltaic membrane sector, where photovoltaic envelopes are now the largest application of the poe. Due to the impatience of high carbon α-vinyl hydrocarbons production technology, we do not currently have large-scale Poe production technology, and consumption of the poe is mainly dependent on imports. As a result of the rapid development of the photovoltaic industry, the volume of imported poe continues to increase at a high rate.
Long, and in the future, once we break out of Poe-prepared technology, we will also be able to boost the consumption of ethylene. The company has continued to reduce the rate of oil harvests for the finished products, and to push for the “reduced” of oil for the company through the construction of new large integrated refineries and their upgrading, insisting on increasing production and selling high-value-added industrial products.
Commodity yields remained high at around 93.5 per cent, but the rate of harvests of finished oils (coalt oil, gasoline, diesel) continued to decline, making it possible to judge that companies had a steady increase in their surplus chemical products. The higher volume of corporate chemical products, in particular ethylene production, since 2019, was also an indication of the results of the company ' s oil-reducing strategy. Corporate chemical production in 2023 was 34.308,000 tons, an 8.7 per cent increase over the same period in the previous year, and ethylene production was 8.7 per cent.
8.11 million tons, an increase of 7.8% over the same period in the previous year, and a steady increase in the production of chemical products The company actively pursues “molecular oil refining” to achieve efficient use of oil resources. Molecular oil refining refers to understanding the process from molecular levels, accurately predicting the nature of the product, optimizing the process and process, and increasing the value of the oil.
China's oil industry has focused on such studies as the design of catalyst structures based on the concept of “molecular refining” and the development of new materials for the functionalization of nanochemicals and cleaner production of efficient and low-consumption catalysts.
Advanced, more than 100 industrial installations in more than 60 enterprises have been promoted, effectively supporting the refinery’s mitigation efficiency gains. According to press reports, the “molecular oil refining” concept has been actively pursued by Middle Oil Liaoyang, with a 10% decline in the same rate of loss in refining in the first half of 2023, a 2% decrease in the same rate of full processing of oil, and a significant result of the “molecular oil refining” strategy.
The company implemented the upgrade of a number of projects and continued to promote “reducing fuel growth”. For example, in 2023, the Guangdong petrochemical integration project was fully operational and commercialized, and the Gilling petrochemical abs project was fully completed in the same year; priority projects such as the current Gilling petrochemical conversion and upgrading project, the Guangxi petrochemical company refining and upgrading project, and the single mountain petrochemical company Tariki 1.2 million tons/year 2 ethylene project are stable
Step-by-step, these projects will contribute strongly to the company's “reducing fuel growth” strategy.
Transport of seven sets of installations, including 150,000 tonnes/yrene. The project expected the ethylene unit to be driven in 2025 and completed after delivery, with a projected reduction of 2.63 million tons of oil and approximately 2.8 million tons of additional chemicals per year.
Tons/year sulfur oils are separated, 1 million tonnes/year diesel adsorption units and 300,000 tonnes/year c2 recovery units; and adaptation and environmental adaptation of related devices. Chemical component: new 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene units, downstream construction of 1 million tonnes/year crack petrol plus hydrogen, 450,000 tonnes/year aromatic aromatic pumping link
Combining devices, 400,000 tonnes/year high-density polyethylene devices, 300,000 tonnes/yearly ethylene oxide devices, 400,000 tonnes/yeareva devices, 350,000 tonnes/year phenol acetone devices, 240,000 tonnes/year biphenol a device, 40,000 tonnes/year ethyl-propan rubber devices, 1040 000/year mtbe/1-butylene devices, 600,000 tonnes/year styrene devices, 260,000 tonnes/year abs devices, 800,000 tonnes/year solvent deleasing, 160,000t/a asphalt construction
Gas installations, 50,000 tonnes/year syrup rubber units, 200,000 tonnes/year butadiene pumping units, 0.80 tonnes/year acetylene units.
Newly constructed and modified units of partially refined oil units and corresponding public works, storage and auxiliary production facilities, mainly producing products such as polyethylene, polypropylene, synthetic rubber and ethylene acetylene condensate (eva). The project is scheduled to be completed by mid-2024 and will be fully operational by 2025. The project is expected to reduce the amount of oil produced by 3.49 million tonnes/year after delivery and to produce 3.06 million tonnes/year of new chemical products, as follows:
Refinement component: new 2 million tonnes/year diesel sorption de aromatic devices and 400,000 tonnes/year carbon-II recovery devices, with the elimination of 2 main production units. Chemical component: new construction includes 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene units, 550,000 tonnes/year crack gas-hydrogens/styrene pumping combined units, 180,000 tonnes/year butadiene pumping units, 106,000 tonnes/year mtbe/butene-1, 350,000/year aromatic aromatic pumping units, 400,000 tonnes/year total density polyethylene
Maleene devices (fdpe), 300,000 tonnes/year high-density polyethylene devices (hdpe), 300,000 tonnes/year tube ethylene acetate devices (eva), 100,000 tonnes/year Busan ethylene acetic ethylene devices (h-eva), 400,000 tonnes/year polypropene devices (pp), 50,000 tonnes/year hexaene-1, 27,600 tonnes/year epoxypropane/styrene devices (p0/sm), 300,000 tonnes/year polystyrene devices (ps) and 128,000 tonnes/year dissolved polybutylene
14 chemical mains such as the phenyl rubber integration unit (ssbr/sbs). 1.2 million tonnes of petrochemical/neptene re-engineering project in Lanzhou: the project is to be expanded and will be located in the West Sequestration Park in Lanzhou City. The project is expected to be completed in 2025 and will be completed through the project.
Ten thousand tonnes/year with 150.9 million tonnes/year for gasoline, 16,750 tonnes/year for kerosene; 1.4 million tonnes/year for chemical products. The project adaptor can be divided into three parts: 1) ethylene conversion: new 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene fission + 1.2 million tonnes/year acute cold unit, new 800,000 tonnes/year ethylene separation and 460,000 shutdown.
Tons/year ethylene fission + acute cold unit, old 460,000 tonnes/year ethylene separation, forming a two-end pattern. Disable 240,000 tonnes/year ethylene and 1.2 million tonnes/year of total ethylene production.) Refined oil: following the implementation of the project, the existing crude oil processing and processing levels of the refining system remained unchanged, by catalyzing 1.2 million tonnes/year.
3 existing units, including chemical units, 3 million tonnes/year diesel-hydrogen units, 1.2 million tonnes/year diesel-year hydrogen units, are adapted for the purpose of increasing the production of acetylene raw material. New psa devices and carbon-binary recovery units are also created. 3) Chemical downstream support: new 7 production units (20,000 tonnes/year-octane-1, 100,000 tonnes/year-poe, 140,000 tonnes/year-oldeva, 450,000 tonnes/year-year-olds)
fdpe, 400,000 tonnes/year polypropylene, 700,000 tonnes/yearly crack gasoline plus hydrogen, 700,000 tonnes/year aromatic pumping devices) with the conversion of the existing 170,000 tonnes/year high concentration polyethylene device to 60,000 tonnes/year ultra-molecular polyethylene unit.
The new project, which is located in the Great South China Sea petrochemical industrial zone in Guangdong Province, is China’s largest single-time investment project to date. The project consists of 20 million tons of refined oil per year, 2.6 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons per year, and 1.2 million tons of ethylene per year, along with its accompanying works, and the construction of crude oil terminals and product terminals.
The project process and installation selection were selected to optimize the processing and refining of crude oil, with aromatic and ethylene raw materials being of high quality and maximized, ethylene, aromatic hydrocarbons, styrene monosets, and refined oils for secondary processing.
23 sets of oil refining units and accessories, including 2 units, 2 units of 3 million tonnes/year delayed coke, 1 set of 3.7 million tonnes/year wax oil for hydrogen fission, 1 set of 4.2 million tonnes/year wax oil for hydrogen, 2 units of 3 million tonnes/year catalytic recombination, 2 units of 3.3 million tonnes/year diesel fuel for hydrogen modification, 1 set of 3.6 million tonnes/year catalytic fission installation, etc.
Chemical component: including 2.6 million tonnes/year aromatic hydrocarbons combined unit, 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene fission device and accompanying 400,000 tonnes/yearly high-density polyethylene, 800,000 tonnes/yearly full-density polyethylene, 800,000 tonnes/year styrene and 500,000 tonnes/year polypropylene, and associated works.
The project consists of 11 major production units, such as the new 1.2 million tonnes/Old Ethylene Device, two 450,000 tonnes/year full density polyethylene Devices, 300,000 tonnes/year low density polyethylene Installations, 450,000 tonnes/year polypropylene Devices, and 120,000 tonnes/year broth extracting units.
The Gilling Pulse Project abs: The project was built by the Guilin Sub-company, which combines Gillin petrochemical techniques, management advantages with materials from Guangdong petrochemicals, and location advantages. The main raw material of the project is Acrylic, Styrene, Butadiene, and toluene supplies, which produce products such as abs, mma and acetone.
The project consists of 600,000 tonnes/year abs devices, 130,000 tonnes/year acrylene devices, 0.4 million tonnes/year acetylene devices, 50,000 tonnes/year mm devices, 150,000 tonnes/year waste acid reclamation devices and related public environmental protection devices; the risk of significant fluctuations in crude oil prices; the risk of frequent natural disasters; the risk of new projects being under-developed; geopolitical risks; and policy risks.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject