New material in the north (000786); thin hair, heavy hair, fresh material in the north, income from the first quarterly report in 2021 was $4,173 million, an increase of 99.96 per cent over the previous year; it was attributable to the upper part.
The new North is a leading company in the production of cast boards in our country. The net profit of the stockholders in the city is 522 million yuan, an increase of 1468.43 per cent over the same period; the net profit from the deduction is the net return to the mother, which is about 60 per cent in the industry.
It accounts for 65% of the company’s total revenue, while it produces and manufactures light skeletons, which account for about 12% of the business. It also buys water-resistant materials for the company’s entry into the water-resistant materials industry.
Quarterly sales revenue increased, with a 31.13% compound year-on-year growth rate between 2019 and 2nd quarter 2021, continuing to increase by 6.7 percentage points compared to the compound increase in the fourth quarter of last year, with a continuous upswing. The rising sales revenue grew as a result of the same increase in sales by companies, with the sale of cast plates in the first quarter.
The increase in the sales of the company's gypsum boards is due to the lack of debt and cross-share presentations on the new layout of the gypsum production line, which is located close to the raw materials, and the continued occupation of the raw material resources.
And as production lines continue to build, small businesses in regional markets are squeezed to take advantage of their own supply capacity, the size and cost advantages of the formation of low product costs and small transport radiuss, and are firmly at the forefront of the country’s gypsum. Companies have also been growing their production capacity over the years, although they have reached 59% in the country.
The company’s cardboard business has entered harvesting and development, maximizing profits from a low-priced to a high-performance elasticity stage from a low-priced to a higher price increase.
The company’s pricing power will continue to rise in the future, as the layout is further improved. Meanwhile, the stave-drawling of the company’s production lines and channel advantages will be further enhanced, making efficient use of current resources.
The rate of growth is 162 per cent, regardless of the impact of the epidemic, in a single quarter between the first quarter of 2019 and the second quarter of 2021.
New materials in the north (000786), thin hairs like thick stacks, gradual new phases, a two-wing waterproof business with a foundation for sustained growth, and paints awaiting new layouts. The company’s performance in the first quarter has increased, and waterproof operations have continued to grow. Under the strategy of a two-wing layout, the company acquired three subsidiaries, King King, Kim, and Sichuan sheep.
The water-proofing business continues to grow rapidly into the country’s top three, with water-proofing as a 2b model, with management, credit, and synergies in the landscape providing the basis for sustainable development. The paint business, as the other side of the company, is also in the layout, which will give the company new space to develop.
The firm’s competitiveness will increase with the further layout of the production line and the smaller segmenting of the regional market. At the same time, the building of the backbone, using the existing competitive power and channels, will work together to expand the new categories of profit growth, and the water-proofing business will have the basis for sustained high growth and the layout of the paint business. These will allow the company to move gradually into the development year, with net profits attributable to the parent company amounting to RMB 3,916, RMB 4,862 million and RMB 6,106 million, corresponding to Ps. 232, RMB 288 and RMB 3.61, respectively.
The source of the East's wealth and wisdom, the source of the East's wealth and wisdom, the new material in the North (000786).
The source of the wealth and wisdom of the East, the winner of Zhao's army, and the research assistant's brief.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that there is no change in the information and advice contained in the thin-haired and incremental phase. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points of view and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.