New materials in the north: bright q1 performance, cast-plate taps opening a new round of growth Events: 4173 million yuan (+99.96 per cent) in the first quarter of 2021
The city's share has been rising steadily, and the size, channels and brands of the company have become more and more powerful, with the company's cardboard sales stable at about 500 million square metres in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 86 per cent over the previous quarter, the impact of the epidemic has been lifted out of the first quarter, the new start of real estate has accelerated towards completion, the demand for the completion cycle has been boosted, the company's stone has been boosted.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Total cardboard output has increased steadily; at the price end, we measure the total market value/flow of the cardboard for a quarter (million yuan)
The company raised the price of facepaper at $300 per ton (the monolithic sheeting consumes about 0.4 kg of facepaper), and the rise in facepaper boosted the cost of raw materials because the company raised the cost of sending guidance downstream.
Li, the Tarzan cast has now been raised for two rounds (the first Thai and non-Taisan two-wing strategies have been steadily advanced, the price increases have been raised by 0.3 yuan per square metre, the second Thai and non-Taisan cards have been raised by 0.3 and 0.4 yuan per square metre).
There are different levels of price increases for dragons and dream cards, corporate high-market power supports strong pricing, and companies have the capacity to move downstream and move into price-raising cycles to boost performance elasticity. A quarter of the company's light steel performance is bright, growing in the future.
With the company's positioning of the bone with the gypsum, the future capacity will expand to 1 million tons, further north (000786).
Performance met expectations, water-proof business brightened q1 Māori ratio decreased and balance sheet strong. Total Māori for companies in one quarter - 2020/08/20
The price of raw materials, such as facepapers, has increased significantly, while the company's gypsums have fallen behind, and subsequent upward cost pressures will be passed on, and the Thai saliva integrated propulsion system will be downscaled to track down the plants, and energy-saving cuts will be reduced in one quarter.
The sharp rise in the Green Price Ring also reduced the Māori rate, such as water-resistant rolls, which led to a decline in the overall gross rate, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic during the same period last year, lower rates of corporate sales, amortization of costs, continued optimization of the corporate debt structure, and a net operating cash flow of 157 million yuan for q1 companies.
The water-proofing business continued to grow at a high rate, creating a new performance growth point: the company continued to do so after it consolidated its acquisition of the Xichuan sheep, the Xingang King's water protection and Henan's thumb protection against water.
The acquisition of 100 per cent of the Suzhou Water Protection Institute and 70 per cent of the Shanghai Water Protection Authority further boosted the company's research and development capacity and production profile, and the repurchase of the remaining 30 per cent of the King's shares in the first quarter of 2021 ($2.386 billion in 20 years) to complete the acquisition of the King's water defence.
The company’s fully-owned subsidiaries will further enhance its water-proofing capabilities and enhance its performance. The company now has 10 water-protected industry bases that cover the entire country, and will develop 30 water-protected industry bases through mergers and acquisitions or self-building, while expanding the production of powder sanding operations to 400.
Ten thousand tons, waterproofing operations will continue to grow fast. We judge that the company ' s waterproof revenues in the first quarter were more than $800 million, or about 20 per cent, and continued to grow at a high rate, although the new q1 asphalt price ring is expected to be promulgated, which will facilitate the head enterprise ' s capture of a greater market share; but from this,
In terms of accounts receivable, at the end of the reporting period, accounts receivable and notes amounted to $2,334 million, an increase of approximately 70.74 per cent over the same period, and the expansion of water protection operations poses a certain level of receivable risk. We believe that the company will in the future rely on its own financial and industrial advantages to make waterproof operations quick and strong:
At a time when the water sector is still developing well, it is hoped that the new North will enter the sector as an elite that will accelerate market integration, increase industry concentration, and bring new performance growth points for companies. The leader is strong, with future growth prospects.
Billions of square metres continue to expand steadily, and the company's global strategic plan of 5 billion square metres is steadily moving forward, with the company's cardboard market accounting for about 60.7 per cent of sales by 2020, and high-level cities supporting strong pricing power, and this cycle of price increases is yet another proof of the company's pressure on downstream transmission costs.
The company's “one-wing” strategy is beginning to take shape, and the overall competitiveness of the company will become more pronounced in the future, as the production capacity of the operations and the city's presence increase.
Profit projection and financial indicators: Institute, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.