In 2023, the company achieved a net return/refund of profits.
\triangleright \triangleright \twilighted growth in self-employment, capital management income, wealth, corporate business "two-wheel drive" and credit impairment
In wealth management, in 2023, thousands of net revenue/trading unit seats were rented for agency trading in securities, and monthly numbers were ranked first in the securities company category.
2) In the area of institutional operations, equity investments, corporate equity holdings amounting to $91,299 million, stock exchanges with corporate boards are accumulated for 106 market shares, and investments in public funds are driven by growth in performance and large-scale wealth management.
In other areas of business, private equity funds are managed around their own niches.
[Sinda and Silver] Huatai securities (601688.sh) 1h20 performance rating: investment returns have increased, amounting to $1.74 billion. Public fund-raising under the flag has made full use of the benefits of full operational integration of the system.
The overall scale of asset management continues to grow.
Cinda Securities Co., Ltd., Ltd., Ltd. Group-wide business chain system to meet customers ' global asset allocation needs, with ongoing offshore market influence
The size of the assets of the Assetmark platform was $108.98 billion, an increase of 19.09 per cent from the end of 2022. As of the end of the third quarter of 2023, the assetmark was in the United States of America.
The market share in the industry was 10.8%, ranking second, and the return of corporate credit impairments to $411 million had a positive impact on performance. Investment advice: intra-firm governance leads, with professional competencies in the head, and roe is stable.
The company's business is well organized and its performance is growing better than that of its counterparts. The current level of total and net assets is at the forefront of the industry, in the context of recent regulatory pronouncements to support the strong performance of large State-owned financial institutions, and the subsequent company is expected to be supported by incremental policies.
The financial profession, former Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Department, General Manager of the Yonghai Leasing Operations Department, and former Chief Executive Officer of the China-China Portfolio Portfolio, China-Custom Certificate, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019.
In August 2022, he joined the Sino-Solda Portfolio for research in the non-Soldier financial sector. Zhang Kai-jin, Master of Arts in Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, 4 years of actuarial experience in insurance, June 2022.
I'm in the business of logic, finance and finance, asset liabilities, wind control, external environment, etc. Liao Chiu, Master's degree from the National University of Singapore, Bachelor's degree from Zhejiang University, and a pilot course in financial science.
In November 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre to carry out banking research. Part of it is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.