Dong Peng beverages: Ten billion years later, the platform company has emerged, energy beverages with high viscous and scenic properties, and health demands and job efficiency demands have increased the cost-consumption population and landscape. China’s soft beverage industry has been growing steadily since 2013.
The sales of cagr in 2023 were 3.2%, but there were a lot of opportunities for structuralization, with energy beverages and sporting drinks becoming two of the fastest growing sub-tracks in the last decade, with sales of cagr in 2013-2023 amounting to 14.0% and 7.5%, respectively.
Energy beverages were the leading product in both countries, with the United States and Japan selling 5.5 per cent of energy beverages in 2013-2023 and 4.8 per cent of energy beverages in Japan and abroad, respectively, accompanied by faster social rhythms and increased demands for health functions and work efficiency, and China ' s consumption of energy beverages.
In 2023, China’s energy and beverage industry was 57.5 billion yuan, and it looked overseas at the future industry as if it were going to expand to hundreds of millions of markets. The fetters were hard to break, and the Middle East’s beverages were the most powerful.
A super strong pattern, the "one super" red cow, as a result of an internal trademark case, gave the second team a perfect chance to break through, with the Red Bull brand in 2023 at 31.0%, a decrease of 29.0pt compared to 2016.
At the end of the channel, the company has a well-established postmanter with the highest/lowest price in 12 months, a forward-looking digital system with the management of the enabling channels and a strong national expansion.
Price-fixing, packaging details are well-managed, distinct from the long line, successfully creating 10 billion large single items, continuously investing in national supply chain layouts, with increasing scale effects. Brand-ends, businesses with little emphasis on brand-building inputs as energy beverages, have proven marketing methods and become well known to the public.
National energy beverage brands. In 2023, the company's East Pontot drinks out of 10 billion and has 2,981 sales of < < < East Peng beverages: 10 billion after a push, even, over 70,000 postman and 3.4 million effective terminal points, 2017-2023. >
What about the next 10 billion? The main industry is expected to reach 20 billion through nationalization and crowd expansion, extending new products and moving towards a platform company. 1) East Pine drinks: Big singles are now nationalized < < East Peng beverages: smooth openings > .
In the fast-expanding phase, we measure the future of the big monolithic space in two ways, one way: a pair of billions. The second way: a growth curve based on white collars, test population, new blue-collar population growth and blue-collar consumption.
The brand image is the main reason for the success of the breakthrough. The company’s multi-promotion strategy of “1+6” is gradually shifting to a platform and rejuvenation, and now the company’s electrolytic water monolith is rapidly starting to rehydrate, preponderantly occupying a high-profile track, with the company expected to recover more than 1 billion tons of electricity in 2024.
Decomposition water meets the daily need to dehydrate water and maintain a balance of experience after exercise, and has a highly viscous consumption base. For the United States, Japan, per capita consumption of sports beverages, including electrolytic water, is one times as much as the amount of energy to drink, and China’s penetration rate has increased.
The company’s first appearance was the introduction of sugar-free tea, coffee, etc., and new distribution channels, such as oil citrus and coconut juice. The difference is now sharp, surpassing the red cow to the top of the industry.
Dong Peng beverages: Ten billion years later, the prototype of the platform company has reached 12% and 13%, respectively, and the valuation hub is stable at 35-40x, with the fastest stage of growth in the market and net interest rates between 2002 and 2007.
25x. Thus, we judge that the target overseas is still at a level of national expansion and platform failure, and that the potential for future growth is high enough to enjoy a higher valuation premium.
Dopium beverages: 10 billion years later, the platform company has emerged, the platform company has emerged, the platform company has emerged, the platform beverages have emerged, the platform beverages have evolved, the platform company has emerged.
East Peng beverages: Ten billion years later, platform-based companies have emerged, energy drinks have flourished, consumer populations and scenes have continued to expand, and energy beverages are high-growth sub-tracks in soft beverages, both across the sea and beyond.
Industry as a whole: The soft beverage industry has entered a steady growth phase, but it has a highly structured, high-intensity, with energy, sports, beverages being the fastest growing sub-track in soft beverage. According to Ew, the overall retail sales in the soft beverage industry in China in 2023 were $637.24 billion, and the industry began to slow down in 2013 to a smooth growth phase, with soft beverages in 2009-2013.
Cagr is 3.2 per cent, although the industry is growing steadily, but there are often opportunities for structuralization. Molecular products look at energy beverages, sports beverages, beverages: 10 billion years later, platform companies have emerged, we look overseas, soft beverages from the United States and Japan have entered the age of stock competition, and soft beverage retail sales from the United States in 2013-2023.
Cagr was 1.4 per cent, Japanese soft beverage retailing was 0.4 per cent, but energy beverages were among the first to increase sales in the United States and Japan, with Japanese energy beverages selling 4.8 per cent in 2013-2023, United States energy beverages selling 5.5 per cent, and energy beverage prices fell by 1-2 pct over a decade.
U.S.: Consumer sports and healthy habits are central drivers. US energy beverage sales are ranked ahead, linked to healthy consumer consumption habits and rising demand for energy. Energy beverages contain coffee for people who need to maintain high intensity and concentration for long periods of time. U.S. energy beverages
Consumers are concentrated in the 18-30+ population, and the interest of young Americans in sports events and entertainment is more evident than elsewhere, and the drinking of American energy beverages is also concentrated in sports and entertainment activities, such as head businesses selling cocktails at nightclubs, bars, parties, and sponsoring basketball, marathons, f1, skiing, motorcycles, etc.
The attribute is coffee, which is ranked first in the fast-growing United States retail track, with coffee retailing amounting to 8.5% in 2013-2023. At the same time, the healthy trend is for consumers to reduce sugar fractions in the fat "sugar salt resin" of the three main elements, energy beverages, packaging water, sports beverages instead of some carbonate beverages, juice drinks, and carats in 2013-2023.
For 0.4 per cent/- 0.8 per cent, cagr is sold - 0.5 per cent/-1.2 per cent, respectively.
The largest consumer of Japanese energy beverages is the working people, whose energy beverages were used for long periods of work in an era of rapid economic development, and which grew in reverse even after the collapse of the economic bubble in the 1990s. Japan has a large energy beverage, with a large number of singles, more functional, more similar to nutritional supplements, a marked trend towards population decline and ageing in Japan, and an increase in retirement age.
The government has consistently advocated for healthy living, with the head energy beverages industry actively investing in the development of the scene, consumer health awareness, and the consumption of Japanese energy beverages expanding in parallel with different functional demands. So energy beverages can also be kept growing in single digits when Japan’s overall consumption of beverages declines.
Figure 9: The Japanese Concierge's functional beverage product shows that China is currently in the early stages of demographic change and a rapid rise in per capita income, and that there is much room for increasing consumption and consumption of energy beverages. For overseas targets, China has a similar demographic and economic development trend with the early years of the United States, Japan, and the United States.
Similarly, China ' s per capita gdp was $13,000 in 2023, comparable to the United States of America in the early 1980s and Japan in the early 1990s, while China ' s population structure was similar to that of countries in the corresponding years, with China ' s population aged 0-14/15-64/65 years and older accounting for 16.8 per cent/69.0 per cent/14.3 per cent in 2023, compared to 1-5 per cent in 1980 and 5.0 per cent in the United States of America.
Compared to a decade ago - 5.2/+2.1/+3.1pc. As noted above, the extension of overtime and working hours contributed to the rapid growth of energy beverages in Japan after the 1990s. According to the Fuji economy, the size of Japan ' s 95-00 energy beverages was about 8% cagr, a Japanese energy beverage product that was launched in the course of the decade, but energy beverages grew rapidly after the introduction, driven by the accelerated pace of life in the United States.
1.2 The rise in functional claims and work efficiency requirements is the core driving force in China ' s energy and beverages industry: the declining share of newborns, combined with an increase in the proportion of older persons, the gradual decline in the labour force and the continuing growth in per capita output, leading to an increase in the demand for work efficiency, which is the main factor in the rapid development of energy and beverages
The rise of Chinese energy beverages in early years was accompanied by rapid growth in China’s capital projects, major developments in the west, the rise of central China, the continuous rise in public roads, railways, transport, and the influx of large numbers of blue-collar workers. Thailand’s red cow also ran into the golden years of the country’s rapid industrial growth, with the overall economic structure gradually turning into an export-oriented one, with exports growing at a high annual rate in the 1980’s.
In addition to the high demand of manual workers, the red bulls are priced more pro-people (10 baht/150ml, at a time when the consumer earns about 5,000 to 10,000 baht/month, and can afford to buy 1 to 2 bottles per day), so that the growth of the red cow is quickly appreciated by local dock workers, manufacturing workers, etc.
With changes in China’s demographic structure and rising per capita income, the population’s sense of health has continued to grow, as has the trend towards flexible employment and increased intra-classism. Meanwhile, China began to see a trend towards the development of Japan’s m-type society in the 1990’s.
The reduction in the additional premium to be paid, the rationalization of consumption, the return of drink demand to cheaper goods and better food quality and safety, I. I. Increased consumer health awareness has led to an increase in claims for the function of the product itself, an extension of the pan-functional landscape, with an increase in the per capita gdp, the growing importance of health among consumers and a greater emphasis on product quality and functional value.
In China, the soft drinks industry has been ranked among the top three with the fastest-growing combinations of a healthier package of water, sports beverages, energy beverages with functions (rehydration, lifting, etc.) in the soft beverage industry, with 9.8 per cent/ 5.8 per cent/5.5 per cent in the 2013-2023 cagr, respectively. Meanwhile, in recent years, there have been natural, non-additional, health-free, light-smelting drinks such as sugar-free tea, coconut water, electrolytic water, etc.
There has been a rapid growth in sugar-free tea, with the sugar-free tea sector amounting to 7.2 billion yuan in 2022 and the 2017-2022 model cagr amounting to 33 per cent, while the domestic tea-saling industry size, cagr size, was only 1.2 per cent during the same period, and consumers ' demand for drinks was transformed from simple taste and taste to a need for health, light body and less added features.
The definition of energy beverages has also been gradually broadened, not only for stress-resistance purposes. For example, in Japan, energy beverages in Japan not only have a single boost-resilience contribution, but also contain a variety of functional features, such as supplementary physical strength, protein decomposition of muscle loss, repair of fatigue nerves, pain relief, and iron-based white supplementation. Energy beverage consumption expands with broader functional demands.
In the past, there has been a gradual expansion of male, young consumers to female, adolescent, elderly, etc. Secondly, the efficiency of national work requires an increase in the number of people in flexible employment and a gradual opening of core consumer groups that resist the demands of fatigue, and from the data of the National Statistical Office, there has been a gradual increase in the number and intensity of weekly working hours of employed persons, overtime, overtime, overtime, etc.
At the same time, China has more than 200 million flexible workers, of whom more than 7.7 million take-away riders are on the rise. According to data from the US Platform, the number of US legionaries reached 7.45 million in 2023, and the number of cagr cagr in 2018-2023, plus other platforms such as hungry, has already reached the total number of domestic take-out workers.
More than 10 million people have been registered. The total number of registered drivers in China ' s Net Charter platform is more than 100 million. According to China ' s CyberBuy Office, the number of Internet drivers in 2023 increased fivefold compared to 2021, with 93.8 per cent of all full-time Internet drivers working more than eight hours a day, with 46.5 per cent of full-time network drivers working 12 hours or more at the same time.
In 2021, the total number of couriers in China was about 4.9 million. Flexible jobs, including take-off riders, Internet drivers, etc., required more night shifts, high-body output, compatible energy-drinking energy-drinking features, so that the core of energy-drinking beverages gradually moved from the past blue collars to flexible employment, overtime and high-level white collars, and student population expansion.
Dopium beverages: Ten billion years later, the platform company has emerged, two arguments have been raised as to why Dong Peng can break through? 2.1 Industry pattern: more than one, with the most powerful beverages in the world.
China’s energy and beverages industry has a very strong pattern, accounting for 68.9% of the energy and beverage industry in 2023, with Red Bull brands accounting for 31.0%, leading the industry, with Red Bulls accounting for more than 60% by 2016, and a declining market share since the Trademarks case.
The second-tier brand is represented by the Tung Peng, while the remaining brands include the medium-voltaic body energy, and the Deok-ho under the Dali Group, with 24.7 per cent, 13.2 per cent, 7.7 per cent, respectively, of Tung Ping, 13.2 per cent and 7.7 per cent, respectively, the second-tier brand captures the final case after 2016.
East Pinocchio beverages: Ten billion years later, the platform company has emerged. Chart 18: Competition patterns in the energy and beverages industry in 2023.
In 1975, the founder of Tianxy Pharmaceuticals in Thailand created the Red Bull brand, and in 1979 he launched the functional beverage brand Red Bull with a formula similar to physical health care, but also joined the decaf to refresh and improve taste. In the '80s, the bookmarks formed a company of Austrian businessmen, red bulls, to introduce red bulls to the European market. In 1995, Xiao, in close cooperation with the founder of Wabing, China, drew red cows from Thailand.
In China, the later Red Bull became the leader of China’s functional beverage, with a market share of over 80% at a time. Until 2012, when his children took over, they objected to the distribution rights agreement for the trademarks in 2016.
Tianxing, Thailand, has consistently denied the authenticity of the letter of agreement, and has filed numerous lawsuits with the courts for the cessation of production and sale of Red Bull-related products, with a cumulative compensation of nearly $600 million.
In the course of litigation on both sides, the Chinese Red Bull was banned from placing “red cow ads,” and the Chinese Red Bull will sell them to the Chinese Red Bull.
Some of the traders are super, chained supermarkets vs. the courthouses. Kyodong, Skycat, China Oil, Central petrochemical, Wal-Mart, and some of the distributors have been forced to leave the company and reduce their input at the end of the market.
The profits from tradable products are gradually being reduced, the willingness of distributor agents is being disturbed, and large-scale dealers are changing their brand names. 2) The introduction of similar products takes up market shares.
In addition to the similarity of the product, the overpacking is highly similar to the product of the Wabing Red Bull, which is hard to distinguish from the consumer. The main red cow product now has about 10% of the market for "Red cow vitamins" and 5% of the market for "Rhino Annegi".
Both sides have left room for price competition due to brand positioning problems. At present, there is no agreement on the distribution of profits, the duration of the trademark authorization, the two sides insist that the litigation be through, and future disputes will be likely to enter into the long run.
Chart 19: Red Cow case review, second-tier brand: 1) Laugher: under the flag of the Dary Group. There is a lack of input and strategic resource allocation in the Laugher pipeline. The Dary Group has “Dary Gardens”, “Box”, “Docks”, “Beauty”, “Books”, “Books”, “Books”, “Roble Tiger”, and others.
Seven sales brands of more than 1 billion, launched in 2013 by Daly into the energy drink track, facilitated rapid growth through the original sales network of Dari, achieved close to 800 million sales in the second year of the campaign, and broke 3 billion dollars in 2018, joining the second euphemism of energy beverages. Tigers used high-value products to target low-line cities, owing to a large number of business plates.
And now that Lok-ho is in the top seven brands of the company, he's more likely to be followed by innovation in the energy beverage business, a slight underinvestment in his brand resources, and less profitable channels than the same team. And Darry has more access to traditional recreational food, which does not allow for full re-use of energy beverages.
In 2017, 16.6% fell to 7.7% in 2023. 2) Medium-voltaic energy: focus on the downline market in the north, brand input is more traditional, channels are more extensive. In 1999, the energy beverage track was opened in mid-1999, and the main thrust energy brand began in 2011.
The marketing base in China’s north-west, north-west, north-east, North-west, and North-western regions is relatively strong, with a market rate of nearly 90%, with a high price for their products, with a strong market edge of $4-5/600ml, especially in the northern townships, while the company gives access to channels that are more powerful than other energy beverage brands. But there is a gap between physical energy, on the one hand, and the head business, on the other hand.
Main markets for physical energy are concentrated in suburban districts, with more cost inputs on displays, more traditional branding inputs, more marketing with basketball campaigns, and therefore relatively weak expansion capacity outside the strong areas of the North, as well as the adoption of large distribution models by companies, with relatively few people working through channels: on the other hand, Sino-Vo has functional drinking, healthy drinking, coffee capacity, etc.
Fruit tea, fruit-particle juice, protein milk, six series, more than 60 products, of which there are 21 single products for functional drinks, and products, the East Peng beverages: 10 billion after a push, the platform company has emerged, and the East Pilgrims have moved up to the second highest level in the industry. The energy beverages industry has relatively low levels of product differentiation, and the quality of the product is a development.
The core of the industry’s barriers lies in strong channel enforcement, excellent end-control, and a high degree of awareness. In the light of the evolution of competition patterns in the energy beverages industry, the red cow has largely occupied a dominant position in the can price belt of over $5/250 ml, while the former second echelon, orgs, orthopaedic energy, has opted for differential low- and medium-end positions with high value for money.
By 2023, the city of Dong Peng, with a 10.3% share, was the second largest winner of the succession. Behind the successful break-out, apart from the expansion of the energy-beverage consumer population, the benefits of changing patterns of competition in the industry, there was strong control, enforcement, internal cohesion, and supply chain control.
At the same time, the company’s continued investment in brand advertising and monogamous consumer activity, enhancing brand awareness and upgrading brand style, as well as the development of new consumer groups, are important factors in the strong growth of the company’s nationalization in recent years. The reasons for the successful break-up will be further analysed below.
2.2 Beverage: High value for money varies, the channel capability industry is ahead in terms of enabling management of a forward-looking digitized system, and channel advantages are gradually expanding. The mailman system is well constructed, the management model is refined, and the direct control terminals are designed to provide a solid foundation for national expansion.
The channel is dominated by a major distributor’s management model, and the terminal control system is rough, with companies starting a series of upgrades at the end of 2018 in connection with the development of a system for refining the channel.
1) Having an in-depth distribution network with distributors + posters / wholesalers, with efficient channel coverage. Posters have increased their service capacity over wholesalers' functions, companies have entered into tripartite contracts with and provided exclusive cost support to mail operators, distributors have split profits by one and a half to posters, and postmen have been encouraged to use their local and guest resources to help speed up the development of their networks with companies.
The postman plays a significant role in the season and in areas that the dealer is difficult to cover, and achieves the effects of the plant's direct control terminal. After introducing the postman, the dealer's single case is less profitable, but the stock turnover is faster and the absolute value of the monthly profit is higher than in the past, even if the company's overall channel value chain is more profitable.
By the end of 2023, the company had 3.4 million endpoints, with mail operators and wholesalers in excess of 2) incentivized, well-tested and motivated organizations. In 2018, the company implemented reforms of the Amiba system, cost-saving sector allocations after the staff reached the target, and overachieved the target part with excess awards to motivate employees: 2021 will exceed the target.
The totals were upgraded to achieve a rate test that fully stimulated sales workers in vulnerable areas, so that the company's sales costs were effectively saved while per capita income generation remained ahead of the industry. The sales cost rate fell from 11.6 pct to 17.4 per cent in 2023 compared to 2017, and was lower than in the case of farmers, shopkeepers, harmonization, and beverages firms such as Eli, while in 2023 per capita income generation.
At the same time, companies fine-tune sales people’s routing tasks, including visits to customers, frequency, routes, etc., to keep track of the inventory of circulation channels, the marketing of products, and end-showing effects. Companies divide according to process actions, linked to pay and given full incentives.
East Poon Beverage: Ten billion years later, the platform company has taken shape Chart 25: The company has taken the lead in the digital management system of the industry to address operational pains, and the accuracy and efficiency of marketing decisions remain ahead.
The industry is a deep distribution industry with a long chain of channels, with a large number of terminals, which have to pass through the manufacturers-distributors-distributors-distributors-end multiple links, making it difficult for manufacturers to control the inventory and actual end sales of the links. Togpan has taken the lead in digitizing the industry to solve the whole chain management problem, direct contact to the consumer terminal.
“Five-yard connection” technology sets up a digital system of channels. By combining bc connection returns with a “one-size-fits-all” activity, completes full-link connections between distributors-posters/ Wholesales-end-consumers, and enhances the willingness of end-user outlets to distribute and consumers to buy back.
In 2015, the Orang industry was the first to introduce “one-size-fits-all” technology, with companies launching a “one-size-fits-all” campaign to send red packages directly to end-users, reducing unnecessary mid-points, achieving a direct handshake with consumers, and cleaning them up to provide companies with actual bottled data.
Consumer purchasing preferences, with a 40-50-per-cent eruption increase in corporate end sales in the year following the launch. 2) Step two: integrate bc and use the terminal shop to further promote consumer scavenging. In 2016, companies launched a box code to encourage terminal scavenging, received a red package to stimulate import activity, opened a “one dollar buyout” campaign in 2018, via a box code return terminal, but paid off as a result of write-off.
East Poon's beverages: 10 billion years later, the prototype of the platform company is emerging, manual processing is required to lead to inefficiencies, companies introduce higher-level digital technology - the “five-yard connection”, the “five-yard” includes the inside code, the outer code, the inside code, the outer-box code, the “five-yard connection” technology to help the company achieve the “bottle-box connection”, the consumer buys the public.
The owner of the store, after having received more recommended awards, offered the consumer to buy, scan, and, according to Pang Ji-seo data, consume.
In addition, the Division has been able to connect the links from production, warehouse, circulation, terminal to consumer chain by providing real-time access to channels and end-to-end inventory ages, end-to-end sales and consumer feedback, and providing accurate decision-making for the timely adjustment of market strategies.
Supported. The company has linked about 3,000 dealers, 3.4 million end-users, and 190 million consumers with a sweep code. Chart 28: The company's sales clerks display digitalized ports of beverages: a 10 billion-year-old push-by-the-motivator, the prototype of the platform company is now in place.
With a sophisticated system of channel management and excellent access control, the growth of the company has been strong. In the past, the company’s strong regions were concentrated in two large regions, with the company’s introduction in 2018 and 2019 of former Gatau, the head of the North Market, Lu Fuyi, and the former National Extension Director of Gatau, Wu Henghai, with both Lu and Wu having sales in the North.
At the same time, the company’s extra-provincial production base, facilitated by the company’s sophisticated farming strategy and the digitalization system, continued to increase the share of the company’s out-of-provincial market revenues and nationalized expansion. In 2023, out-of-provincial and out-provincial markets accounted for 62.4% of the total, compared to the extra-provincial market of 2017, with 29 pct in China, China, China, China, Guangxi and China.
Core markets, 13.5/12.4 per cent/8.7 per cent in 2023, while south-west and north-west China (including North) submarine, under large circulation patterns, figure 31: Changes in income growth by region of the company Figure 32: Changes in the number of distributors by region of the company
Figure 33: Individual distributors in each of the company's regions (millions of dollars)
Successfully built 500 ml gold cylinders of nearly 10 billion volume products, with large monolith-driven growth. By the product structure of split companies, the public sector dominated the sale of eastern pontoon, which in 2023 earned $9.3 billion in special drinks, of which 500 ml was more than 90%. 250 ml gold bottles were used by companies before 2018 at a price of around $2-3 dollars less than the 250 ml can of red cow, but the red cow was well-established.
The market for 250ml small packaging products, 250ml gold bottles performed evenly, the core consumers of the doppelganger had more blue collars, and the content of the small packaging products, such as caffeine and sulfonic acid, did not fully meet their demand for late-night refreshment and strength. The company, in order to meet the needs of the core users, launched 500ml gold bottles in 2017, with a high value of $5.00, double bottle caps (ashtray for dust protection), and opened in 2018.
After nationalization, 500 ml gold bottles gained a high rate of growth, and in 2017 500 ml gold bottles were tested for sale in Huadong and Huabei for $60 million, with clear product thinking and positioning for victory: product high-quality high-value ratios, packaging details for controlled bottles + “dustproof covers”, large singles, and opportunity for differentiation. Looking back at the company’s 500ml gold bottles’ success, behind them was the company’s main audience for their products and the company’s main audience.
Precision control of market demand. 1) Positioning high-quality, high-value value: the company ' s 500ml gold bottle is retailed at $5, which is one dollar less than the classic 250ml gold tank single bottle, but the capacity of the single bottle is one times greater. At the same time, according to the content of the main content of the single bottle, each bottle of red cow contains 125mg of bovine sulfonic acid, 50mg caffeine, 50mg mg of cretin, 250mg of sulfonic acid, 100mg of caffeine, and myograms.
An ol 100 mg, which is better than a red tank of 250 ml for an orangutan than for an enhanced, supplementary strength, while an energy-drinking function requires more than a taste demand, a large capacity, a high value for sex, and a powerful gold bottle of 500 ml more than meets the needs of a blue-collar population working long hours. 2) Details of packaging of a controlled bottle plus a “dustproof cover”: blue-collar workers in the company's main target group,
Drivers, new blue collars, driving, construction work, delivery/outdoors, etc., are mostly outdoors, for which the company launched a pet bottle package with a “dustproof cover” in 2009 to meet the needs of the core consumer for a healthy, light and portable product, and also to deal with the pains of driving and spilling into their bodies, while drivers use bottle caps to place ash, a double object.
Tung Peng beverages: 10 billion years later, the prototype of the platform company is now present Figure 36: Tung Peng versus other brand prices and product content (single bottle content) Figure 37: The company's main product series
Figure 38: Corporate packaging uses displays of pet packaging to save unit costs, achieve high value for money, and strengthen the scale effect of the supply chain ' s nationalization. The company ' s 500ml gold bottle uses pet as a raw material, bottled gold can products that are commonly used in other energy beverages, and packaged on the raw material.
The cost is even lower. In 2020, the company ' s unit cost of 500 ml cans was 2006.8 yuan/tonne, which is 64% less than the unit cost of 250 ml cans. At the same time, the company now owns 10 major production bases, including the built-up cities of augmenting production, China, East China, Anhui, Nanning, Chongqing, Haifeng, Zhejiang and Changsha, and the built production bases in Tianjin (expected to be operational in 2026), which are distributed between South China and China.
Four major regions, East, China, and Southwest, have a design capacity of 3.75 million tonnes/year (excluding Tianjin base). Future production at Tianjin’s production base provides strong support for accelerated expansion of nationalization by effectively irradiating the northern market.
The purchase price for raw materials is $5 per kilogram, lower than the average annual market price, and is on the rise from the market price difference. Overall, the unit cost of the company has gradually fallen as scale effects continue to rise, with an overall unit cost of $1.1/500ml in 2023.
2.2.3 Brands have created public visibility, marketing methods have been implemented effectively The company is a company with little emphasis on branding in energy beverages, and for many years it has worked through ad hoc projects of the core population to promote and market large-flow advertising, to make Dong Peng a national energy beverage brand with popular visibility, visibility and knowledge in brands
Recall the company's branding initiatives: Keep raising the visibility of the product around the idea of “showing the best ads” in order to enhance its brand visibility by providing a visible distribution. The former company already has 3.6 million effective sites, and the company continues to build on the idea of “show the best ads”
Inputs, including the expansion of the number of web sites, the introduction of freezer displays, the increase in the number of end displays, and the overall upscaling of products, as well as the use of digital resources to screen high-flow web sites for powerful displays. In branding, companies are advertising to reach young consumers through sponsorship of major flows such as the Olympics, the World Cup, the Snowk Open, the electric kpl, the youth basketball competition, etc.
Intense dramas include Old Nine, Chinese Street Expedition 3, dearly beloved, Love Apartments, Eight Point cages, Rose Story, etc., and have been branded and displayed in advertising scenes such as ladders, subways, public transports, etc., leading brands to fine-tune “Twenty Group 20” cores, and to develop core consumers.
In terms of demand, the target consumer group is divided into “Twenties of 20” and includes the driving population, the white-collar population, the blue-collar population, the new blue-collar population, the student population, the sports population, the public service population, the entertainment population, the media, channels and content according to the different population groups.
It works with three categories of drivers: self-drive, long-distance, and network drivers. The company, in collaboration with Goth, customizes the “energy voice package” to a total of 4 billion audio ads over three years, covering 260 million car owners, 30 million truck drivers over four years, etc., and reaches the target population through a match-making medium.
In addition to marketing, marketing, displays, construction, activities, etc., the market has reached out to consumers, and the marketing of products has been promoted. For example, in the case of parallel distribution channels under the driver’s line, in-depth gas stations, high-speed service areas, logistics parks, professional markets, and driving schools, the company has built 3,000 logistics applications since 2018, raising the average single-point sales by 300%.
The Division implemented an Internet cafe channel project for the electronic competition population, which boosted consumption through end image-building, card-opening, etc., covering nearly 30,000 Internet cafes over three years, with an average single-point sales increase of 200 per cent.
Figure 45: Corporate project promotion show: Dong Ping Bing Bing: Ten billion years later, the prototype of the platform company is now 300 billion years old. What do you think?
3.1 As we move into the rapid expansion phase of nationalization, the big one is expected to break the 20 billion threshold, the big one-size-fits-all exploration in East Ponto: 10.3 billion yuan in 2023, is now in the rapid expansion phase of nationalization, and we measure the medium- and long-term monolithic space of the company in two ways, and it is expected that the company will complete the expansion phase of nationalization.
Method I: Measuring the output of single points and the penetration rate of the grid points in Guangdong, the future size of the company ' s single-point space can reach 15.5 to 24.5 billion, and our calculation of the future single-point space is based on: 1) the national share of regional beverage sales, the corresponding regional consumption capacity, and 2) the distribution of the country ' s regional network points in order to determine the number of single-point revenues in each of the company ' s regions, as well as the increase in the number of grids.
By region, the proportion of beverages produced by Guangdong (including Hainan) is 23.3 per cent, taking into account that the volume of beverage shipments is larger than the radius of 500 kgm, and about 30 per cent of the output of the radioactivity of the adjoining China East, Guangxi and Central China, while 24.8 per cent of sales by East China/North/Chang East/China/South-West China/Cangxi, respectively, are 24.8 per cent/23.4 per cent/16.3 per 15.8 per cent/13.5 per cent.2 per cent, and the sales of beverages by East China are made by East China.
And the highest level of gdp per capita. Space estimation basic assumption: 1) number of points: the company currently covers about 63%-56%-61%-46% in the east/south-west/central/northern region of China, and about 95% in Guangxi and Guangxi, if
Using the penetration rate of out-of-provincial market points for the Guangdong and Guangxi regions, we are pessimistic/neutral/optimistic that the coverage of out-of-provincial points is 75 per cent/85/95 per cent, respectively. 2) Single-point power: the company is now operating at 22 per cent/32/44 per cent of the single-point capacity of Guangdong Province, respectively. Considering the per capita consumption and the share of beverage sales in China-East, respectively, is ahead of the other levels.
In the region, single-point sales are expected to be second only to the region of China, at a level of 30/35/40/0/0/0/0/0/0/0/0/0/0/0/0/0 in the province of Guangdong, while in the south-west the per capita consumption level and the sales of beverages are at a medium level, taking into account factors such as the high number of entertainment spots in the south-west region, the savour and the high summer temperatures, and it is expected that single-point sales will be second only to the region of China, at a level of 25/30/35/0 in the province of Guangdong, respectively: China has a high population density.
The average per capita consumption level and the proportion of beverages sold were in the middle, with single-point sales at 20/25/30 per cent in the province of Guangdong, while northern sales were higher, taking into account that the North had the highest number of outlets and that the North had the largest number of cold weatheres in a year, and single-point sales at 15.20 per cent.25 per cent in the province of Guangdong respectively.
The first phase of the nationalization of the hub is expected to reach $15,483 million. The company is expected to continue to operate through initiatives such as marketing promotion, terminal construction inputs, which have led to a single-point uplifting of the company's market, which is now in the open market.
In the context of the nationalization expansion phase, the first phase, from the point of view of the increased penetration of the network, assumes a small increase in individual points across the country (21.5 per cent of the target point) and an increase in the coverage of the network from 56 per cent to 75 per cent/85 per 95 per cent of the target point outside the province.
According to the China Blue-collar Employment Study (2022), the country’s blue-collar population is 400 million +, consisting mainly of blue-collar services (quick couriers, takers, network drivers, etc.), blue-collar manufacturing and construction services, and is the main consumer of energy drinks, as well as the main consumer of East Pontes.
For 2.94 million kl, the city of Dong Peng is 25%, targeting the 400 million + blue-collar consumers, with an average annual consumption rate of 1.8 l for a blue-collar and a 29% penetration rate for the country ' s total population. For the white-collar and school-visited population, 31% of the red-cows are in the country, while the white-collar and school-testing population is about 210 million, corresponding to an annual consumption rate of 4.2l per capita.
Space measurements: The future growth in the consumption of eastern pontoon is driven by the expansion of the population to white collars, the expansion of the population to study subjects, the increase in the number of new blue collars, including the continuous increase in the number of flexible employment groups such as takeouts, drivers, domestic workers, couriers, and the gradual increase in the consumption of blue collars. 1) The population expands to white collars, the population to study, the pessimistic/neutral/optimistic assumption is that the number of white collars and the population to study is permeable.
East Peng beverages: Ten billion years later, the prototype of the platform company is now expected to match sales of $20/29/38 billion. Driven by a combination of three factors, it is expected that East Pengte will be able to drink in incremental space 3.2 curve 2 is gaining momentum towards the platform company.
Building on overseas experience, continuous product innovation and the maintenance of a rejuvenated brand image of American energy beverages are the main reasons for the success of the contrasting surge. The energy beverage industry in the United States, after its rapid growth, emphasizes the diversity of its products, extending from energy to function, using the American energy beverage beverage beverage as an example, with a market share of 43.9% in 2023.
In the early years, Monster bypassed the 8.4 ounces of red cow packaging competition, chose 16 ounces of big aluminium cans to cut into the market, opened up large, segmented packaging markets, and maintained a high-end image and high-value advantage at prices lower than Red Bulls for large packagings, eight ounces of small packagings, and focused on renegade youths between 16 and 25 years of age who focused on value for money. At the same time, the company always maintained the development and development of one or four new items per year.
Quick, and new and emerging products are the main driving force behind the growth of the Monster. AcNielsen data show that the sales of the Monster grew by 79% between 2010 and 2013, with 72% of the growth being contributed by new products launched in 2010 and beyond, such as the zero card lines, the tea series, the high protein energy beverage musclemonster, etc.
The Monster Coffee Series, the Juicemonster Juice Series, the Rehabmonster Tea + Lemonade Series, the Hydro Non-Carbate Rehydration Series and the Tourwater Pure Water Series are seven major product lines, while the company continues to promote new foods such as mangoes, lemons, and sugar to enrich consumer product choices.
At the same time, the beverage industry has a large variety of sub-species, the definition of functional beverages continues to expand, and the company is continuously researching new products in the market to widen the consumer population and build new capacity.
Long. Outside the prison base, the East Peng beverages are actively engaged in multi-grade layouts, successively introducing products such as water-rehydration, large-scale cacao, lattes, lacquer tea, sea island coconuts, etc., and proposing a “1+6 multi-problem” strategy to foster a second curve that reduces the risk of a single-save product, providing new growth momentum for companies to develop over the next three to five years. At the same time, rehydration, sugar-free tea, etc., are among the core consumers of new product companies.
The abundance of the product matrix also boosts the ability to expand, and the increase in the variety of products has made frozen products more rich and more attractive to brand exposure. Dong Peng beverages: 10 billion years later, platform-based companies have emerged.
3.2.1 The concept of electrolytic water is widely promoted. The electrolytic water is one of the main active ingredients of motor beverages and consists of sugar, electrolyte (sodium, potassium).
Plasma, b vitamins, etc., can effectively supplement water, salt and sugar lost as a result of heavy sweating, maintain body fluid balance with human motor function, and belong to the same broad group of functional beverages as energy and nutrient beverages. According to EU-Wise, sales in China ' s sports beverages industry reached 15.5 billion yuan in 2023 and cagr in 2013-2023 was 6%.
During the 2020 outbreak, it was mentioned that the flu fever would cause substantial loss of water in the body, take away electrolytic ingredients such as sodium, potassium, and drink properly. The electrolytic water would maintain a body fluid-mechanical balance, and the electrolytic water would be well known to consumers.
Figure 55: Per capita consumption of sports and energy beverages by country, 2023 Figure 54: Size and acceleration of the sports and beverages industry in China
From the point of view of efficacy, water recharge, the maintenance of body fluid balance, whether from daily thirst rehydration or post-motion, is the basic consumer demand, and the drinking products with these efficiency attributes are relatively sustainable and grow into large, long-cycle monoliths. Electrolysis water is similar to energy beverages, with more functional value added than ordinary beverages, and consumer demand for electrolysis water function >
Taste, taste new, immediate consumption needs, more sticky than ordinary drinks, and the functional concept can be understood by consumers as a higher repurchase rate. At the same time, electrolytic water is also functional and sticky compared to energy beverages, which are more friendly to consumers such as minors, older persons, women, and so on, as it is free of caffeine, sulfuric acid, and as electrolytic as essential elements of the human body.
In 1984, the first electrolyte beverages were launched, and in 2003 the pulses, the BMX entered China, in 2004 the farmers screamed, in 2005 Gatorade entered China, and in 2017 the Ebels were launched.
Magic, but as of 2022, electrolytic beverages were only 2.7 billion yuan. Early on, mainly due to the lack of clarity in the positioning of electrolytic water and the fact that the participants were mostly small groups of foreign/beverage head companies, there was limited distribution of energy in electrolytic water or in the Chinese market, so that the marketing of electrolytic water was not sufficiently educated for consumers, who often confused it with vitamin drink, for example, with electrolytic water.
In most developed countries, sports beverages per capita consume much more energy than motor beverages, and sports and recharges are the main applications of sports beverages. Electrolysis water is in the big group of motor beverages, with most of the developed countries overseas consuming more motor beverages per capita.
Energy beverage is a functional beverage. In the United States, Japan, and Canada, the per capita consumption of sports beverages is 20.3/9 .9/4.7l, which is higher than the per capita consumption of domestic beverages, the per capita consumption of sports beverages in the United States is almost one times that of energy beverage, and the per capita consumption of sports beverages in Japan is one times that of energy beverage.)
Early in the year, Wayne Douglas, a football assistant coach at Florida University of the United States, discovered that transport was frequently and severely lost after the competition, and then worked with local medical schools to develop eugenic drinks to supplement salt, carbs, and electrolytes. According to Ewy, in 2023, Giadre had a 69.4% market share in American sports drinks.
Cartr.3 is 95.8%, and Gatorade has tied brands firmly to the sweating habits of the sport, maintaining the balance of the body, by sponsoring the world’s top sports events and leading sports stars. In 1983, Gatortler signed with Nfl as an official sport drink for the Alliance, and then signed with mlb, nhl, mls, wnba, the American basket.
The team, the nascar, and many university sports organizations cooperate deeply. 2) Japan: The consumption of sports beverages in Japan is not limited to sports scenes, but is more pervasive in everyday life, including work, travel, travel, sauna, etc.
(greendakara) The city accounted for 48.5 per cent (24 per cent/15.2 per cent) and cr 3 87.7 per cent, respectively, of the early location of aquarius, mostly in outdoor sports, emphasizing the demand of athletes for water recharge in the hot sun, the gradual replacement of products in the 1990s and 2000s with pet bottles, advertisements for famous athletes and stars, and sports scenes dominated by ball games such as baseball, tennis, etc., with emphasis on cooling,
Rehydration functions, followed by the simultaneous launch of large packaging bottled specification products. After 2010-2020, products are targeted to include urban elements, and sports are strengthened. Beverages are promoted at work, outdoor travel, prevention of heat and the like.
Figure 56: Changes in the pattern of competition in the sports beverages industry in the United States
According to data, China’s electrolytic water market is expected to reach 7 billion yuan in 2023, with the main consumer groups being the new white collars, senior middle-borns, and z generation, with the three groups accounting for 60% of sales of electrolytic water. Physical fitness is the main consumer scene of domestic electrolytic water.
Work, state of regulation, competition, etc.. In 2022, aliens, BMW, screams, etc., took up a major market share in the industry, reaching 87%, cr. 3, expected to sell around $2.5 billion in 2023 gas forest aliens, BMW 1.3 billion, aliens and BMW are concentrated in the first and second-line cities. After 2023, several beverage companies pushed it.
There is a rapid increase in industry participants in electrolytic water monoliths, including the doppelganger, the docile “pulsive + electrolytic material”, the uniform “imperactable electrolysis” such as the Word of the Sea, and Master Kang’s “Impressible power” and the “Do you want it?
In 2023, Tung Peng seized the industrial wind, pushing new supplies of “water rehydration” electrolytic water into the market for many years, introducing 555 ml, 1l-grade western grapeflake products, followed by lemon, peach and twig flavour, while adding an additional 380 ml vial on the basis of 555 ml and 1l-species, with a total of 11 sku on the full line, achieving a full-scale, crowd-wide and full price.
In the first year of the company ' s listing, the rehydration product broke 500 million yuan in sales, and in 2024 the company continued to promote sales through the web site, projects, consumer activities, and actively developed frozen displays and boxing through sweatpoint channels. In 2023, the total number of national coverage points has reached 1.33 million, and the number of web sites is expected to reach 2 million in 2024. The company captures electrolysis.
The water sector has a rapid development dividend period, with its own channels and high value for money, and a rapid increase in the size of a single product. The company is expected to take advantage of the industry to make the rehydration the second-largest single item, and the reason for this is that we have captured the core of the product claims to penetrate the fit scene, with both the efficiency of the rehydration and the advantage of high value for money.
There are several electrolytic water flavors and specifications, of which 555ml packagings are located on a stand-alone basis, short-distance activities, and day-to-day work learning.
The company continues its high value-for-money strategy, with prices of $4, $6, $555ml, 1l-specific products, and a comparison of extraterrestrial electrolytic water at $6/500ml, and precious mineral water at $6/500ml, providing consumers with a higher-priced water recharge programme. To meet consumer demand for different tastes, the company continues to add new tastes to its original cranberry flavors, such as white peaches, lemons, and zero sugar twigs.
At a time when corporate products rely on high value for money and win-win activities for profit channels, terminals, and consumers, value-chain paths are well designed, and marketing experiences are expected to be successfully replicated to “creaking water”, and mature networks of channels provide a solid basis for expanding new products. The search around functions, to deepen consumer awareness, is what companies are good at doing.
At the same time, the company sponsors a number of high-flow events, such as the World Hair League, the Hill Run, the Basketball Games, full penetration of the sports scene, and collaborates with star advocates to improve brand exposure by focusing on core sweat spots such as sports halls, campuses, tourist attractions, etc.
Lightness. In the same way as in the past, the company strongly linked the gluten to the gluten, and the company had a great deal of experience and precision in marketing. As of 2024 h1, the company had 3.6 million effective networks throughout the country, as well as more than 70,000 postman/distributors, mature network of channels and excellent channel management capabilities to provide rapid breakthroughs.
Figure 61: Main scene location of the water-rehydration phase 3.2.2 No sugar tea: the industry is in the growth phase, and the market share is expected to tilt towards the head brand.
Since 2017, sugar-free drink consumers have grown rapidly in their drinking habits, and the sugar-free tea industry has grown rapidly. Looking back at the history of sugar-free tea, which entered the Chinese market in 1997 with the introduction of tridly ulong tea, and the subsequent entry of the taps of the soft drink industry (unified, Nestlé, Coca-Cola, etc.) into the sugar-free track, the consumer habits of sugar-free beverages have not yet developed.
Until 2018, the introduction of sugar-free tea water accelerated the growth of sugar-free consumers and the rapid growth of the sugar-free tea industry. In 2018, Coca-Cola launched a tea house, re-routing a sugar-free tea track; 10 years after it came to the market in 2021, the Orient tree
For Japan, the market structure for Japanese beverages in the last 40 years has gradually moved from the pre-1990 period of carbonated beverages to the non-sugar-free tea age. The Japanese people are well-populated.
In 2000, the market for tea beverages rose to 796.5 billion yen, in 1990-2000 the cagr was about 10.0 per cent, and in the same period, the overall code for soft beverage was about 2.7 per cent. The share of tea beverages in the soft beverage market rose from 11.3 per cent in 1990 to 22.5 per cent in 2000, becoming the number one.
The size of tea beverages remained stable between 2015 and 2020, rising from 873 billion yen to 877 billion yen, or about 0.1 per cent of cagr, while the overall size of soft beverages increased from 23.7 per cent to 25.6 per cent of the soft beverage market in Japan during the same period.
Sugar-free tea has an addictive + functional added value, and the industry has a long-lived monogenic gene. Overseas markets such as Korea, Japan, Malaysia have a large share of sugar-free tea as a whole, with 96.1%, 85.2%, 47.6% of sugar-free tea as a whole and 7.7% of tea as a whole as a result of sugar-free tea.
There is also a wide room for penetration. Tea without sugar has its own drinking base in the country, and Chinese tea culture is far-reaching and long-standing, and tea habits and rich types of tea (traditional six main types of tea: red, green, yellow, green, black, and white) provide the basis for the development of tea without sugar.
With the rise in consumer power on the front line, the increase in job pressure, the lack of attractive drinking water on the new front line, the increasing demand for water beverages on the other side, the new line city consumers are more likely to drink sugarless drinks than the rest of the country, and the consumer believes that sugar-free tea is richer than drinking water, allowing them to drink more water. On the other hand, sugar-free tea contains a lot of water.
Child tea, coffee base, and tea polyphenols have been used to promote fat decomposition and consumption, lower blood pressure, and prevent oxidation from aging. At the same time, sugarless tea, which accounts for nearly a decade of growing up in the largest farmer springs, has been retailed over 10 billion by 2023, and thus can be a long-cycle track for the production of 100 billion grade-old monolithics.
The main price bands are concentrated in $4-6, while the eastern leaf accounts for a major share of the industry and the industry is still fragmented. In terms of industry patterns, the main price bands for sugar-free tea beverages in the country are 3 yuan/bottles below, 3-6 yuan/bottles over 6 yuan/bottles.
Of these, Master Kang introduced sugar-free ice-free tea and sugar-free jasmine tea earlier, and has already accounted for the bulk of the price belt because of its high brand profile and its strong channel. $3-6 is now the main price belt for sugar-free tea, with the main branding of the eastern leaf of the farmer's springs accounting for more than 50 per cent, followed by the early trio profit of the layout, and domestic brands such as the gas forest-burned tea, the tea king, and so on.
The new sugar-free tea brands, which are well-developed, and the Ulong teas and Coca-Cola-Sun teas, all have a $4-7 price band, are increasingly competitive with the increase in the number of companies entering the market. More than $6 of sugar-free tea products are dominated by tea-farers, as well as brands such as americium, sorghum and eagles, and because of the higher price of the products, the main consumer is a high-quality consumer of sugar-free tea.
Figure 65: No sugar or tea brand market rankings April-May 2024. Newly introduced sugar-free tea lanes in a series of strategic layouts, high-quality low-priced positioning, with an advantage in value for money and long-term availability. In September 2023, the company launched the first product of the sugar-free tea series, "Team on tea", followed by "Team on tea" in February 2024.
At the same time, the company ' s sugar-free tea material has been selected for special-scale quenched tea in the northern zone of Fujian, and Yunnanpe tea, using high-temperature and short-time leaf extraction processes that allow products to revert to the raw tea in soup, scent and flavor.
The sales of sugar-free tea series products for six months on the market have exceeded 100 million yuan, and in 2024, the company introduced two new sugar-free tea tastes, co-existing with hot hand-runs against the cold, but the company ' s sugar-free tea series has slowed down in its expansion, more guided by process refinement and product quality. In the future, competition will stabilize as industries compete.
The company's sugar-free tea series of products is expected to earn the same amount as an electrolytic drink, which is expected to benefit from the overall expansion dividend of coffee.
The coffee industry has expanded rapidly in recent years, and according to the Chinese Urban Coffee Development Report 2024, the Chinese coffee industry reached 26,5.4 billion yuan in 2023, and the cagr was 17.1% in nearly three years, with a per capita coffee consumption of 16.74 cups, which is larger than the average coffee consumption of nine cups in the past.
But the average per capita coffee consumption in China has increased considerably compared to the average of the country’s second-tier cities, as well as to the developed countries abroad, and in 2020 the average per capita coffee consumption in Japan, the United States and France reached 280/329/340 cups of coffee per year. That is, curry morphine is a breakdown of coffee, accounting for about 8% of the total coffee, according to Ewyn, the retail size of the coffee sector in 2023.
10.7 billion yuan, or 3.6% in the year 2018-2023, slower than the current coffee, but coffee is still in the early stages of increasing penetration, and the rapid expansion of the current coffee can help consumers to drink coffee habits, which is expected to lead to a rapid expansion of coffee-free coffee in the future, facilitated by the availability of easy, hoarding and immediate demand. In 2022, the high-valued and well-positioned "Tomon latte" latte coffee was launched.
There are two specifications: 500 ml/bottles (15 bottles/boxes) and 330 ml/bottles (24 bottles/boxes) at a retail price of $7/bottles and $5/bottles, respectively. The main focus is on coffee-loving people between 18 and 35 years of age, students in higher education, while focusing on work, learning, living, leisure, travel, etc., as the core consumer market.
Figure 68: Average coffee consumption per capita by country, 2020 (cup/year) Figure 69: Changes in retail sales in China, i.e. coffee-drinking industry Figure 70: Changes in the pattern of competition in the coffee-drinking sector
Figure 71: The company's big curry product shows the company's high value pricing, based on the fact that the platform company has emerged after 10 billion hits.
Reference is made to the fact that the market share of Monster in the United States rose from 5% in 2000 to 44% in 2023, relying on high value for money, with the use of Coca-Cola's powerful channels to achieve a sharper contrast than the Red Bull, making it industry’s top priority. Monster’s revenue in 2012-2022, looking at the state-wide expansion of the platform, is still in a state of non-formulation, with full potential for future growth, and is expected to enjoy a higher valuation premium.
America’s millennium consumers have become more diverse and personalized in their consumption, with a greater focus on new tastes and health functions. According to a survey by the United States Board of Healthy Products Review, the number of people exercising with a jogging machine in the United States increased from more than 4 million to 36 million in the 10 years 1987-1997.
Over the years, total consumption has declined continuously. During the period, Monster introduced energy beverages in 2002, the volume doubled in 2003, breaking $100 million, in 2006, the company signed a distribution agreement with Budweiser to sell them in bars, clubs, and restaurants, and in 2008 signed a distribution agreement with Coca-Cola and took over most of the company's bottled business, the company's main end in the beverages.
The end-of-service shop coverage continued to increase, expanding its nationalization channels through the Bewei and Coca-Cola channels. Corporate revenues rose 140 times from high points in 2007 to up to 60 x in 2007.
Coca-Cola has an advantage in global distribution channels, expanding to regions like Western Europe, the Middle East, and South America, where overseas markets are growing. At the same time, companies have launched the Energy Beverages+x series, which includes juice, coffee, tea, etc., and have introduced low sugar, zero card series products that are in line with healthy trends.
East Poon beverages: 10 billion years later, the platform company has emerged 2015-present: the leader is stable, Coca-Cola is further empowered, and the valuation is steadily rising in the 35-40x region. Coca-Cola acquired 16.7% of Monster ' s equity at $2.15 billion in June 2015 and became public.
The division’s largest shareholder, but maintaining its independent operations and safeguarding the stability of its core management, while the company includes nos, ultra, and other energy beverage brands under the Coca-Cola flag and sells its non-energy beverage business to Coca-Cola, further deepening its collaboration and increasing its overseas earnings. At the same time, the company continues to grow in Maori rates by changing the brand with Coca-Cola, with a net benefit from a light asset business model.
20.1% of the year went up to 22.8%, with companies stabilizing at over 40% in the United States energy and beverage market, gradually joining the second-highest red cow, and, according to standard monsters, the doppelganger is in the first phase of national expansion, with a steady increase in the company’s income capgr from 2020 to 2023. Meanwhile, the dopium actively expands the second growth curve, continues to push for product innovation and brand rejuvenation, and expands its core.
Consumers, so companies are expected to enjoy higher valuation premiums.
In the early stages of the promotion, the population’s growing demand for health and work efficiency was a central driver of energy-drinking beverages development, with larger space for energy-drinking consumers and consumption scenes in China. At the same time, the Dragon Bull was influenced by internal litigation, giving the second-tier break-in, and later branded the Middle East Pelican, which has gained the most momentum.
Quick, 2024h1 has over 3.6 million effective national terminal points, and Dong Poot has been growing rapidly. At the same time, the company’s capacity climbs, and Jin Peng is expected to move gradually over the next two years, providing sufficient capacity for the development of the company’s nationalization.
The effect is clear, and the Māori rate is expected to rise in 2024. The future growth in revenue volume, coupled with the company’s rich experience in cost procurement and stronger regulatory capacity, is expected to increase in scale, and the Māori rate is expected to rise further in the future.
In 2024, with the rapid increase in the coverage of the patched-up network, the expected revenue from the rehydration is expected to reach over $1 billion, contributing to a major increase in new products, and in the future, under the company’s excellent channels, we have chosen the farmers’ mountain springs, the Kang masters, the unity, and the fragrants as comparable companies.
At the same time, there is a rapid increase in the number of consumers of energy beverages and in the number of potential future energy beverages. The company’s new industry-facilitating rehydration and electrolytic water products, which are expected to capture higher yields in the industry and realize its vision of a transition to a platformed company, is also increasing rapidly with the consumption of energy beverages and the sale of priority new products.
Dopium beverages: 10 billion years later, the prototype of the platform company has emerged, food safety risks have emerged, competition in the industry has increased, the cost of raw materials has increased, new products have not spread as much as expected, the web site has not opened up enough.
East Poon Beverage: Ten billion years later, the platform company has emerged from the Pacific Academy.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.