Energy beverage taps, nationalization accelerations, energy beverage taps, continuing nationalization. The company started at the High Maori Energy Beverage Tour, 2013 food beverages and dairy beverages.
In 2023, the company generated $11.3 billion in sales and established nine production bases in Guangdong, Anhui, Hunan, Guangxi, Chongqing, etc., covering 3.8 million terminals throughout the country.
The energy beverages are the company's basics, high demand, oligarchy, and profitable.
In the context of the accelerated pace of life, the demand for high-value, functional drinks is still resilient, unlike the taste type, new demands for drinks, and consumer functional claims are stable, leading to a long and profitable life cycle of large monoliths.
The pattern has entered an oligarchic phase, in which the Red Bulls (China Red Bulls and Thailand Red Bulls) sold about 53% in 2023 and the East Peng beverages about 31%; with a nationwide network of channels and living mechanisms, the East Peng beverages are more competitive than the competition, and their share is expected to increase further: in recent years, the Chinese Red Bulls have become more competitive.
In Thailand, the red cow struggles, development is in a bottleneck phase, and the end-brand channel base and consumers are aware that there is little room for competition. In the future, Guangdong and Guangxi are expected to grow more from freezing, and the branding and new products are expected to grow robustly, with a better channel base and close consumption habits in China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
Southwest single-point efforts are expected to keep the wind up, while the North China, the line and the straight-line channel base are low, and there is much room for improvement in coverage. Considering regional penetration, crowd growth, in aggregate, the East Poon energy beverages are expected to reach 20 billion yuan in space.
To create new growth poles by actively developing new products such as rehydration, curry, cocktails, etc. Wide-functional layouts, water recharges are growing faster, and other new products have full potential. On the basis of energy beverages opening up channels, companies are set to “wide-functionalize”, looking for high-stakes gas products, offering high-value products that match the downfall channels, and building up products that are more expensive.
The matrix is very wide-ranging, and the product matrix is rich enough to counterfeasible, increasing single-point sales and operating efficiency. Typical is the rapid start after the launch of the rehydration, with sales close to $500 million in 2023, energy beverages and electrolytic water, and companies are equally active in other new items, including other beverages in 2023.
At its full annual dimensions, big curry, sugar-free tea, extra fluids, and cocktails are expected to grow into multi-billion-grade products. Overall, companies are organized and supply chains are efficient, and new products are rated as “better than the big city” from their original intent to sub-cover.
Food safety profile: energy beverage tap, nationalization acceleration drive 1.1 company profile: dozens of deep-cultivated energy beverages, positive contribution by other groups
The company was established in 1994 as the public department of the State-owned company Dong Peng Bing Beverage Business in Shenzhen City. In 1998, the company introduced the “Tung Peng Bong Drink” and obtained the Health Care Food Approval Certificate.
It's focused on providing consumers with high-quality and healthy drinks, and it's committed to becoming China's leading multi-beverages group, with a drink of Dong Peng, a rehydration, a cup of tea for Peng, a curry for Tung Peng, a cocktail of vivi, a sea-island coconut, and a lot of nutrients. As a pioneer of energy drinks, the company is in the lead in selling energy beverages, and it's in the field of energy beverages.
“China’s famous trademark”, “The Guangdong Province’s famous trademark” and “Shen Shenzhen” have been awarded honours. Since 1994, the history of the development of East Peng’s beverages has been divided into three parts:
By the time of the approval, Python was active in opening an education in energy beverages, the director of the factory led to the transformation of the company from the state to the private sector in 2003, the difference in 2009 led to the introduction of bottled energy beverages, the emergence of a different army in a red cow can to fit a unique situation, and the 2012 Guangdong model market.
In 2013, the company began the process of nationalization, signing a brand name for Xie Zhenfeng, and the Ministry of Outer Space established Shenzhen as a marketing centre for Guangdong, China, China, China, North China, China, Southwest, and Tetun 6.
In the same vein, companies are actively preparing for the market, streamlining their organizational structures, and introducing the main executives. The platform phase: successful company listing in 2021, followed by catching the window of a fight between red cows, and using the channel to develop the farm.
The company's energy-drinking beverages build up 10 billion-grade singles, while it actively distributes new beverages. In 2009, the company made new beverages to the Togang.
Specially-smelled packagings are redesigned to distinguish from packaging designs that are mostly close to Red Bulls on the market, with East Pine drinking, with Pete bottles and double caps designed to reduce the cost of packaging, while also laying the foundation for a strategy that differentiates East Pinocchio from Red Cows. In 2017, 500 ml large packagings of East Pinocchio were introduced to open wide for high value.
Foreign markets in the Eastern Province have continued to increase their share of the energy beverages track, with energy beverages earning $10.3 billion in 2023. At the same time, there has been a positive arrangement for the rehydration of water, tea for Peng-yung, curry, vivi cocktails, sea-island coconuts, and extra nutrients. In 2023, other beverages contributed 910 million, representing 8.1 per cent of the company ' s total income.
1.2 Equity structure: Founder ' s absolute ownership, stock-holding platform interests tied, management team stabilized, and stock-holding platform tied. The company was founded in 1994 and its president was the head of the Red Cow factory, and its management team was stable, with no loss of core staff since its change in 2003.
External financing, followed by multiple rounds of investment financing and equity restructuring. In 2019, through the equity stimulus programme, the company established three companies, East Peng Long Road, East Peng Far and East Peng Tseng, as an employee holding platform, and this round of equity incentives involved 2.06% of the shareholding, primarily targeting core technology, managers, companies and companies.
The firm was listed in 2021. The founder held an absolute share, and the equity structure was stable. At present, the chairman holds 49.74% of the company’s shares directly, the first shareholder; and the second shareholder, 6.44%, is the investment in the management of the forest by the son of the woodwork;
In addition, the family members of Limwood Harbour, Lin Dachin, Chen Hae-min and others together held a direct share of 11.84%. Internal governance is stable in the stock-structures.
The drinking track is scarcer. 2.1 Industry characteristics: long-term, sticky, single ceilings are higher.
The country's market is the leading source of education, but it has only been expanding into popular drinkers for almost a decade, and the growth of the country's basic patterns of penetration, in contrast to the growth of mature cities abroad, is still in the process of increasing the rate of penetration, with the consumer group mainly targeted at blue-collar workers and sports groups.
In an accelerated context, the size of the energy beverage market is expected to continue to rise in mid-point as the crowd expands and the new scene fissures. Figure 8: Number of ex-cyclists/quick couriers/webcavers continuously upscaling (in thousands) Characteristic II: high efficiency, high access thresholds, and better pattern. Energy beverages are energy-based, except for water, carbon hydride.
A mixture of various nutrients (e.g. caffeine, sulfonic acid, amino acid, Guarana, etc.) has been added to the substance, vitamins, minerals, a functional beverage designed to increase the energy of the motor population, relieve fatigue, and bind to the depth of the various consumption scenes.
With the Blue Hat logo and the Healthy Food Approval Document number, applications usually require a certain amount of time and money (ranging from three to five years), and there are higher market access barriers compared to other soft drinks. Feature three: long life cycle, large monolithic profit and higher ceiling.
Enjoy a longer product life cycle. Compare other food juices and tea beverages, which are mainly filled with taste, with a shorter single life cycle due to changing consumer tastes. Energy beverages, because of their low addiction, are resistant to fatigue, demand for stability, and are tied to long-distance driving, manual labor, overtime, sports and gymnastics, etc., with few replacements.
Substitutes. As a result, energy beverages are more frequent and sticky. On the one hand, the ceiling is higher and easier to produce 10 billion singles, and on the other, they are better profitable than packaging water (very low cost) and carbonate beverages (oligarchy, where packaging water is expected to be slightly above that level at normal levels).
2.2 The competition pattern: the end of the red bull is clear, and the price of East Peng is high. In China's energy beverages market, the sales of red bulls are 53.2 per cent and the share of East Peng is 30.94 per cent; if sold, the share of East Peng has risen to 43 per cent, ranking first in the industry.
And the pattern of nationalized expansion is rapidly taking over the market at a time when the industry is reshaping, and the market is rising. Red Bull: from 2016, the Wabing Group was caught up in a trademark rights dispute with Tianxi in Thailand, which has still not been resolved.
Monster: Entering China at the end of 2016, but with no value for money, and with no taste, channel, marketing, and soil, the penetration rate has risen faster only among young consumers, and its share has declined in recent years. Others: local regional-based enterprises, with limited capacity circles, such as physical energy focused on the markets of northern counties and towns.
Little investment in branding, difficulty in nationalizing expansion, and low ceilings; Lajole, which has the advantage of a wide range of channels, has stagnated as a result of resource allocation issues within the Dari Group.3 Competitive advantage: strong organizational power is the foundation, channel output,
3.1. Incentives for effective decentralization and robust enforcement. Corporate management and grass-roots incentives are in place. Per capita pay is at the forefront of the industry.
The average salary of a salesman at the grass-roots level continues to rise in per capita income/per capita profits, as well as profit from channels for the introduction of the Amiba model, with the strong organization of Dong Peng continuing from the top down in 2018.
The Amiba model has been introduced in the off-the-spot market, with a shift from a fixed to a base salary + to a fully decentralized regional manager, a company that gives regional managers a flat fee support per box, a region where managers can flexibly regulate promotional activities and resource allocation according to their own and market conditions, while at the same time keeping East Peng low.
The way the input output is spent blindly is converted into a more sophisticated and efficient way to ensure that the steel is used with a knife; on the other hand, the budget savings are distributed among the regional teams themselves, the regional managers and distributors are well regulated through 3.2 channels, and the product is widely functionally configured.
At the end of the product: a pan-functional layout, large bottling + high-price differentials. In addition to large singles, the company has coffee, electrolytic water, lemon tea, cold tea, etc., which is built around “difficult”
More powerful brands have a strong intellectual and distinctive brand, which completes the pan-functional beverage layout. Of these, the electrolytic water “compensated” has been on the market for nearly 500 million a year, showing a bright start.
The network has been expanded from a million terminals in 2019 to 3.8 million in 2024h1, with 100% coverage at the local level.
The exposure, the lifting of terminal sales, and the direct connection and management of the million-dollar end-of-door beverages through the inner code of the box and the pontoon cloud platform. The opening of the box and the exchange of the prizes in the red bag have greatly increased the end-of-profit rate and have been efficient and quick to pay back, thereby effectively improving the management of the channels.
On the one hand, in core markets such as Guangdong, Guangxi, and Huadong, the market is being maintained and developed together with experienced salesmen and distributors, postman/manufacturers, and end-doors, in order to further increase the market rate.
On the one hand, in a pioneering region, companies are mainly using a highly mobile business model, choosing large and powerful businesses, with distributors primarily responsible for marketing and terminal maintenance. Distribution is also distributed according to the type of market, where the most mature market is a county-level city, where the development market is a local-level city.
The white market can operate across the city. 4 Growth profile: special drinking, second half of nationalization, platform opening up 4.1 east pontoon: accelerated nationalization, measuring at least 20 billion spaces.
Channels/products are two-wheel-drive, and the East Pine drinks are accelerating nationalization. The company's product owners are playing high value for money, while continuing to strengthen control, raise the coverage of the terminals, build the foundations and channel the initial nationalization, and the country has now built nine production bases, and Hunan, Tianjin and Yunnan are preparing or building them.
At the end of the year, a gradual increase in the share of out-of-provincial market revenues will be an important factor in the growth of corporate income. The breakdown will be: first, Guangxi is close to Guangdong, the province of beverages, and consumption habits are close to one billion provinces; and second-China and East China have achieved 20% of the company’s overall share of sales, which has been maintained over the past three years.
Growing markets: The core market in Guangdong Guangxi market is more mature, with over 95% penetration, and is affected by rain weather, with 24h1 projected medium-high growth. With the benefit of freezers and new inputs, we estimate two core markets outside the province: China’s central market outside the province, where per capita consumption is currently less than one quarter of that in Guangdong.
Given China’s good consumption base in the east of China, and the company’s annual per capita consumption is less than one-two percent of the current consumption per capita in Guangdong Province. The off-provincial potential market: Northwest China is now only 60% of the potential market, and the pipeline system is complete.
At the same time, the consumption of the former drinkers was replaced by new consumption by ethnic minorities, chess chambers, etc. On-line and straight: direct access to company specials and catering points, faster; on-line, it was not company development curve 4.2: a pan-functional layout, with new ladders with high potential.
The company, based on energy drinks opening up channels, locates “pre-utilization” and looks for high-smoking classes, pushes out high-value products that match the sink channels, and actively expands the matrix, typically with the rapid start of water recharge after the launch.
At the same time, the end-point output is rapidly increasing as the variety of products becomes richer, and it is expected that the channel will be counter-feeded. We take the example of electrolysis water, which increases the culture of the electrolytic water epidemic, expands the landscape and shapes the high-scenes market.
The demand for recharged water and electrolytic water has been boosted, effectively nurturing consumer awareness, attracting a wide array of branded layouts, rapid expansion of the animated products, and the use of electrolytic water in addition to events such as motion, high temperatures, and increasingly becoming a daily water-rehydration popular drinker, with the market size of the product skyrocketing from 900 million in 2020 to about 7 billion in 2023 (a narrow caliber).
At the end of 2022, the public administration quickly organized supply-chain resources to accelerate production and launch the water supply, building on past reserves of adequate research and development.
In keeping with its consistent value-for-money style, but apparently younger in packaging, marketing and positioning than other beverage products, locking in priority channels such as sports halls, campuses, landscapes, and fast starting in the first year of the market, with 400 million dollars in sales in 2023. The current number of patches covered by the network has reached 2 million, and the gap between the mineral power and the Gatorium is gradual.
In addition to energy beverages and electrolytic water, companies are equally active in other new items, all year round.
Big curry, sugar-free tea, extra fluids, and cocktails are expected to grow into billions of dollar-grade products. The company’s organized supply chain is efficient, new products take only one to three months from the point of intent to the place of production, respond quickly, have a good channel base, and provide a strong guarantee of long-term growth in the company.
5 Financial analysis versus profit predictions, we've chosen to compare the main listed companies in the soft drinks industry, Chinese beverages, home-breeding, perfume-floating, Indelulus, and Lee Koshien.
Profitability: Recovering, rapid profit growth, and steady increases in net interest rates Speeding up the nationalization strategy resulting in a high growth in income from energy beverages, which in three consecutive years remained above 20 per cent for the third consecutive year, 2020-2023.
The main reasons for the diversification of profit levels in the soft beverage industry, which tends to have a less profitable tasteful beverage, and the higher rate of Maori than Eunde Lulu are the high premium for plant-based beverages and the unique pattern in the crack market. The rate of beverages is relatively stable, and the decline after 2019 is mainly due to large-scale polyester slices of raw materials.
The price of white sugar continues to rise, and the share of other beverages with a low Maori rate is gradually rising. As the volume of companies increases, sales costs and administrative costs are being spread thinly, the company’s current cost rate in 2017-2023 is being disturbed by 33.3%.
Roe and roic have been industry leaders over the years. Capital structure, solvency and cash flows: asset-liability ratios are high, solvency is generally high compared to their counterparts, mainly due to the large-scale acquisition of property to improve fund utilization, and
Revenues are 1.23, and the company collects at a consistently higher level than the industry. In recent years, the ratio of net cash flows to net profits generated by company operations has been greater than 100 per cent, and the overall net profit has been of a higher quality.
The total asset turnover of the company has remained high, with the total asset turnover of the company at 0.85 in 2023, and our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
The coverage of the second curve channels, including the patches of water and the pelican curry, is still low and is starting at a fast pace. To give to the dung pontoon: the red cow is still in a trademark case and will not spend more on the market in the short term, while other businesses have a large gap with the dung peng and a smaller threat, so the dung pontoon is in a stronger position and the cost rate is projected.
There is still much room for improvement in the speed of the current pace of life, energy demand for drinks, and we expect the company to be able to measure its consumption per capita, based on market maturity and per capita penetration.
Other drinks: The company’s other drinks include sports drinks to rehydrate, i.e. coffee with a large curry, sugar-free tea, tea, etc. In this case, the electrolytic water track of the rehydration line is growing at a very high rate, depending on the company’s channel, and the monolith can increase its sales at high prices, but other sub-programs, such as tea and coffee, are competitive and are currently increasing.
At the end of the performance, taking into account the cost dividend, the scale effect of production and the cost end, and the surplus during the climb of new beverage products Māori rate: the same decline in primary raw materials such as pet, white sugar, etc. since this year, is the main driver of the increase in Māori rate
Motivation (a 14 per cent drop in the same year for white sugar 2023q3 and a low lock price for pet at the end of last year); and, at the same time, the scale effect of the company's drinking of large singles, the rehydration of water and the climb of slopes, as well as the Māori rate. Cost of sales: Beverage business channels are highly competitive, especially when the consumption scene opens after 22 years of total liberalization.
There is increased competition in the industry, and Dong Peng is taking over the market by adding freezers and biochemical end-shows, and is expected to raise promotional fees: considering that other beverage products can be shared as soon as they are introduced, business people, and we expect other rates such as employee remuneration, conference office costs, rental costs to be expected to decrease as scale effects increase.
Other cost rates: The size of the beverage industry has had a strong impact, especially in the context of the high-speed climbs in large single income. Since the market, the administrative cost rate has dropped from 3.7% in 2020 to 2023. Taking into account the business characteristics of the company, we have used both absolute and relative valuation methods to estimate the company's reasonableness.
Three phases, using the fcff valuation method to reflect the company ' s long-term growth value: the no-leveraging beta coefficient is given 1 x based on our industry understanding; the no-risk interest rate is selected for a 10-year national debt recovery rate of 2.5 per cent and the equity risk premium of 6.50 per cent; the cost of debt is calculated at 3.5 per cent of the company ' s long-term borrowing rate; and by
The calculation is 8.95%. Based on the above main assumptions, using the fcff valuation method, an analysis of the sensitivity of the absolute valuation is obtained, which is more sensitive than the wacc and constant growth rates, as shown in the following table.
Compared to the company’s more similar beverages industry companies, the valuation is done using a pe-based approach. Looking at the company’s national growth expansion and the follow-up of new products, growth dynamics are expected to continue to be released, the cumulative scale effects continue to appear, the costs of production are managed and the company’s profitability is expected to improve steadily.
It's better than the industry, it's better for high value than for the current consumption, it's better for organization, it's better for control, it's better for a wide range of channels, it's still in the accelerated nationalization phase, it's better for the second curve, it's better for the organization and the channel, it's better for the new product, it's better for medium- and long-term growth. For the first time, it's covered.
The method of absolute valuation and relative valuation is calculated on the basis of more assumptions, especially the calculation of free cash flows to companies over the next few years, the calculation of weighted capital costs (wacc), tv growth
The assumptions about the rate and the selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies have been incorporated into many individual judgements: the high annual free cash flow calculations have led to the risk of an optimistic valuation; and the weighted capital cost (wacc) has had a very significant impact on the company valuation, and we assume that there is no wind in the calculation of the wacc.
Risk interest rates of 2.5 per cent and risk premiums of 6.5 per cent may still be expected to remain low estimates or values for these parameters, leading to lower values for the wacc calculation, leading to higher corporate valuations:
4. In relative valuations, we have selected companies that are the same or similar to the company’s business, and we have selected comparable corporate average dynamic pe in 2024 as a reference for relative valuation, taking into account the company’s industry status, growth, and large single goods sales, which are not as high as expected. East Pine drinks more than 90% of the company’s revenue, and they are very important to the company’s performance.
To be sure, given the high levels of penetration available, the extra-provincial market upgrading space is shrinking over the years, with output rising at a single point. If products are not sold as expected, companies are either profitable or somewhat repressed. 2. Competition patterns in the industry have increased.
By increasing the cost of spending back on the market after winning the case, or by taking over the business from the Thai Red Bull, it could trigger price wars in the industry. Moreover, other enterprises, such as Xuehu and Chuo, could have an impact on the company’s nationalization strategy if they narrow down their operations and focus on strong markets in the North.
The company’s second-growth curve is not clear. The market has performed well, but the large numbers of farmers in the electrolytic water industry, such as the Mt. Springs and the Wa-Ha-ha, have entered the market, which has led to increased competition in the industry and may in the future weaken the product’s competitiveness at higher prices.
Product performance remains to be observed, with small collections and no significant growth trends.1 The risk of higher-than-expected cost spending on company-driven channels and branding. Companies pursue the “1+6” strategy, with frequent new products, while building large-scale terminals.
A significant increase in spending, if poorly controlled, could lead to a greater erosion of profits.1 Industry demand is not as high as expected.
Risks of price fluctuations in major raw materials. For example, changes in supply and demand for white sugar and packaged raw materials, or abnormal price fluctuations that cannot be adjusted in a timely manner for corporate products, will have a direct impact on the level of the Māori ratio and profitability of the company ' s products.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject