Profit is largely in line with expectations, looking at the outlook for wealth management, which is 959 million yuan net profit for the mother, an increase of 50.52 per cent over the previous year, corresponding to 0.19 yuan per share. Meanwhile, the company announced a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2019, which is expected to increase by about 0 to 30 per cent over the same period of the previous year.
This corresponds to $301 million ~ 391 million, slightly below market expectations.
Net income from trading in securities by agents increased from 1.17 per cent in 2017 to 1.76 per cent in 2018. Against a background of stable commission rates, corporate securities have been growing in reverse, and we judge that companies are relying on their high-volume advantage, the cost advantage of Internet coupons, the continuing reversal of market power, and customer resources.
Success continues, with a marked improvement in performance expected in 2019 as the market warms. ▪ Internet financial services platform has grown steadily, maintaining its in-house leadership: 1) Companies achieved a business income of between +17.7% and +1.10 billion in 2018, of which fund sales revenue of between +26.4% and +1.10 billion.
11.65 billion yuan, with companies strengthening the overall service capacity and level of the financial e-commerce services platform, and further increasing the size of the Fund's investors, bringing the sales value of the Fund to between +27.3 and +52.2 billion, of which +38 to +250 million in “living-year R & D investment” and Internet finance with the Eastern Wealth Network at its core
The service platform is expected to remain a market leader in terms of the number of users and their stickyness.  The registration of a public fund to raise money and wait for the company to begin a new era of wealth management: on October 30, 2018, the Ministry announced the approval of the Tibetan East Treasure Fund, which marks the company’s official entry into a more profitable future.
In the wealth management market, where the third tier of liquidity has been activated (formerly sold by the Fund to retail securities), we look forward to three days of corporate exposure to customer resources, platform systems, operating costs in the area of wealth management.
At the same time, based on international experience, credit provides a model for successful transformation of wealth management in securities from Internet retailing to rising market dominance.
There is much to be done in the areas of product creation, investment consultants, customer asset allocation, etc.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: in the short and medium term, benefiting from increased market activity, it is expected to boost performance: Internet voucher trademark poles, maintaining high growth rates. In the long run, corporate wealth management is on track as public fund plates land.
The stock market rate has not risen as expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board