China (601088.sh) as a leader in the coal industry in China, with a rich reserve of coal resources, through a high percentage of long-formed coal orders.
Single locking in coal sales and sales, building low-cost advantages through scale effects and a high proportion of open-air coal production, and stabilizing the profitability of coal operations. On the other hand, the integrated distribution of the coal power industry has increased resistance to cyclicality, leading to sound public performance.
Cash flows guarantee high dividends, with a dividends rate of close to 8 per cent, and, in the light of the current downward trend in interest rates, corporate debt realizes a net annual return profit of 391/401/40.7 billion yuan, an increase of 9.6 per cent/2.6 per cent/1.5 per cent compared to the corresponding increase; and ps, respectively, are profitable in the coal master industry, with a strong multi-operational co-resistance capacity for coal transmission highlighted by the “coal electricization”
Coal operations: Cost advantages + JCLU sales show robust profitability. Companies produce an average of tens of millions of tons of single-mine capacity, enabling them to scale up their production, while open-air coal can take up a relatively high share of coal, leading to an advantage in the cost of own coal production; a high proportion of years, JCAG coal sales achieve a “semi-prior price” that reduces sensitivity to the volatility of the coal market.
Railway operations: integrated production and transport, where the advantages of transport costs are evident. The company's extensive network of self-employed rail lines, together with its own ports and shipping, forms a “seaport” coal transport network that integrates production and reduces the transport costs of corporate coal.
Power generation operations: The coal industry is integrated, effectively smoothing off large fluctuations in performance. The Māori and Coal industries have developed a good hedge, especially monthly and spot coals, which still have strong price fluctuations, helping to iron the cyclical fluctuations in the company’s profitability.
• High red & high dividends, and the value of investments in the context of the global downside of interest highlights the fact that gold streams provide sufficient security for the high downfall. The company’s current market value is clearly understated, pe is at the bottom of history, pb is “closed” and provides a security margin.
Debt-like attributes highlight a certain substitution effect for traditional bond-type assets, promising market funding, and we believe that the company’s future valuation will be repaired. “coal power transport” is integrated, and the resistance to the cycle is high.
State-owned Integrated Energy Listing Company, listed in Hong Kong in June 2005 and in Shanghai Certificate Exchange in October 2007, China Shua is the world's leading Integrated Energy Listing Company and China's largest coal producer and sales company.
Its main operations include coal, electricity production and distribution, railways, ports, ship transport, and coal-based hydrocarbons. As of the end of 2019, the company’s total equity was $19.9 billion, of which a stream