Senghua, China (601088): Coal power slamming, alternative to cost advantage.
The company is the world's leading coal-based integration.
Marketing companies, the world's largest coal in terms of volume, describe the two main links between “resource access” and “resource transfer” in coal mining industries: coal value added, listed companies, and the largest quality coal in China.
The strategic goal of China’s strategy for development is “to integrate the production and transport of construction, guaranteeing stability of performance.” In this report, we will focus on world-class clean energy suppliers in coal and electricity transport.
The company is one of the largest integrated energy companies in the country, and in order to stabilize such a huge energy giant, it has been entering electricity, railways, port shipping, etc. for the past 20 years to build coal.
A life-cycle layout. With the transformation of the country’s economy, companies are actively engaged in the structural adjustment of business plates, and now they are integrated into coal power consumption, capable of smoothing cycle fluctuations. We cannot judge the impact of coal prices on company coal power performance with simple linear thinking.
On the basis of low, low-cost coal companies are losing electricity, we also need to consider whether: 1. Corporate coal sales unit prices under the auspices of the Association have dropped by less than the market: 2. Foreign coal purchases account for about 40 per cent of corporate coal sales, the cost of foreign coal purchases will vary depending on market coal prices, and the cost of corporate coal sales in tonnes when coal prices fall.
It will decline: 3. The company produces nearly 90% of coal for its own coal, while the company produces coal for its own coal at a price that fluctuates less than the market price, and the company’s Māori power business is not as relevant as the market price of coal. When these issues are combined to determine the company’s coal performance, we find that the hypothetical market is not as relevant as the market.
The price of coal dropped by 10%, and the company's Māori rate of coal plates will remain stable, depending on the demand side. In this model of coal hedging, it is seen that the company has a lower source of Eastern wealth and prosperity.
1. The company is one of the largest integrated energy enterprises in the country.
The company is one of the largest integrated energy companies in the country, with coal and electricity as the backbone, supported by railways, shipping, ports, chemicals. In 19 years, the company was able to sell 440 million tons of coal and produce 280 million tons, the largest coal company in the country; the company installed 31029 megawatts of electricity and generated electricity.
Over the past 20 years, companies have moved into electricity, railways, port shipping, etc., to create a whole life cycle of coal. With the transformation of the country’s economy, companies have been actively engaged in structural adjustments to the business plates, and now the company has become a world capable of smoothing cycles with the integration of coal power consumption.
In 19 years, the company earned more than $240 billion, of which 70% of coal and 21% of electricity. As we explained in the report " China Shinhua: Retrace the Source, Crossing the Divide of Compassion " , the company guaranteed stability in its performance because it was far below the industry’s average cost of mining and its own railway-port production integration.
The whole life cycle of laying coal for companies means not only doing more, but also greater performance stability. The company ' s coal model is an alternative to cost advantage. 2.1 does not judge the impact of coal prices on the company ' s coal power performance with simple linear thinking.
When we use linear thinking to judge that the company's coal power plate Māori rate is affected by the fall in coal prices, the fall in coal prices, the fall in the cost of electricity generation, the rise in the price of electricity on the Internet, the relative rise in the price of coal from coal to coal production, the steady decline in the Māori rate of coal producers. But it is in the case of God that there is coal in electricity, and in the case of God that there is a pattern of coal in electricity that smooths its Māori rate.
This year, it can be seen that the decline in electricity production, the fall in coal prices, the fall in the unit price of coal purchased by the power plant, the fall in the start-up time, and the resulting increase in depreciation of electricity, among other things, are more difficult to determine the cost of electricity generation (the impact on the cost of the decline in the unit price of coal and the increase in depreciation of the depreciation of electricity, are more difficult to judge: the fall in coal prices, the fall in the price of coal sold abroad, the fall in the price of coal purchased abroad, and the combination of coal.
Cost falls, and the Māori rate for coal companies is more difficult to judge (it is necessary to take into account the price changes at the end of the sale and the impact on Māori of the cost changes resulting from the fall in the price of the company ' s coal sales). Figure 3: The impact of the change in coal prices on the profitability of the company ' s coal power operations
2.2 In 2017, in an effort to counter the impact of coal price fluctuations on the coal electricity industry chain, coal prices, similar to those of the coal-priced two-track system, re-emerged. Coal prices are split between the annual association and the monthly association, and are updated on a monthly basis, with prices derived from the Rim Sea Power Coal Price Index (bspi) and the Chinese coal market network.
The published cctd index, China ' s coastal electricity and coal purchase price index (cci), and the International Power Coal Price Index (api8), when the mechanism was pushed out, the company responded positively by implementing an annual COA coal ratio of 47.8 per cent in 2018, a monthly COCA share of 34.5 per cent, which together accounted for the main sub-factors of the company ' s ton coal sales price.
The source of the financial boom in the East, China (601088): Coal power slamming, with an alternative of cost advantages, when coal prices are down, the price falls less than the price falls in the market.
By comparison, the volatility is: the Annual Association of Governors < Monthly Association < Market Prices. The purpose of the mechanisms available is to reduce coal power contradictions and stabilize coal prices in the green zone by 2018, 2019 and 2020 (data up to May). In view of the fact that companies have gradually increased their annual Co-ordination ratio from 2017 to the present, it is conservatively estimated that the annual Co-Chair ratio will be 50% and 40% per month in 20 years.
2.3 The fall in coal prices will trigger a reduction in the company ' s combined cost of coal tons. Since 16 years, the company has been actively organizing out-sourced coal, optimizing the distribution structure, increasing the total amount of out-coal purchases from year to year, reaching 442 million tons in 19 and 162 million tons of out-coal sales for 36% of the year.
The structure of the combined cost of coal has changed. Eastern sources of financial intelligence, according to the 19-year corporate annual report, accounted for 37% of the total cost of the company’s coal business.
The cost of out-coaling is 37%, 38%, 37% respectively, and the cost of out-coaling is already the main determinant of the company's combined cost of coal operations. Figure 9: Cost of out-coaling as a proportion of the total cost of coal operations in 16-19. Cost of out-coaling depends on the two variables of out-coaling and out-coaling.
Average unit prices of 240, 350, 352,332 yuan/tonne, respectively, compared to market prices for coal powered (o5500, Shanxi) on the island of Qin in the same year, respectively, were 52 per cent, 57 per cent, 59 per cent and 56 per cent (the smaller factors are: 1. The average value of coal purchased by the company is less than 5,500 kcal/kg; 2. The company has a strong bargaining power and can be purchased out of market prices; 3. The company has purchased pit coal in the railway more than abroad, at a lower price than the port price).
It was 79 per cent, 79 per cent and 75 per cent, so, given that the cost of out-coaling was the lowest relative to the average sale price of companies in 19 years, companies should have increased the amount of out-coal purchases, but less in that year, probably because of the total amount of out-coal purchases to reach the platform period, the ceiling for future out-coal purchases
Senghua, China (601088): Coal power hedging, alternative reflection of cost advantages: Figure 10: Foreign Coal Purchase Unit Prices and Changes in Companies, 16-19 Figure 11: Foreign Coal Unit Prices vs. Market Prices, 16-19
Figure 12: Comparison of the average price of company coal from 16 to 19 to the average price of foreign coal, let's see how the price of coal will affect the company's cost of out-coaling and the company's combined cost of coal. We still assume that the average price of coal will fall by 10% over 20 years (the price of coal on the island fell by 9.87% over the same period in January-May 20), as the company's foreign price of coal is only market-based.
The farm price is less than 60%, with 60% of the company’s out-coal cost saving 6%. And knowing that the company’s out-coal cost accounts for about 37% of the total coal cost, it can be roughly assumed that the company’s coal cost would fall by about 2%.
2.4 The performance of the domestic coal power industry has a natural symmetry since the profits of coal companies and coal power plants derive from the pricing of electricity on the Internet, which has a certain rigidity in the country.
The special nature of the company's electricity business is that it produces large quantities of coal itself, and the proportion of coal that it consumes is very low. In 17-19, companies produced 85.0 per cent, 82.5 per cent and 87.0 per cent of the coal that they consume, respectively. The cost of producing coal is largely determined by the cost of selling coal from the company.
The price of coal sold out of the company is less volatile than the market price, so the contrast between the company ' s Māori power business and the market price of coal is not so strong. When we use the average price of coal sold out of the company as the average cost of the company ' s own coal for power generation, and then the price of Qin Island power coal as the price of the company ' s coal for power generation, we can calculate the average cost of coal purchased out of the company ' s power generation business.
By dismantling it, the company’s direct coal cost in 19 years was 61%, and the raw and power costs (coal cost plus other raw materials and power costs) 89%. Once the company’s electricity cost model is available, we can calculate the impact of market price fluctuations on the company’s power supply.
10 per cent, according to the above-known decline in average coal sales of 5.14 per cent in tons of coal, the average cost of acquiring coal for the company ' s power generation operations decreased by 5.8 per cent (87 per cent* (-5.14 per cent) + 13 per cent (-10 per cent)) and the cost of electricity to the company fell by about 3.5 per cent without taking other circumstances into account.2.5 When the price of coal fell by 10 per cent, the Māori rate for the company ' s coal plates would remain stable, and Māori size would depend on changes at the end of demand.
(Detailed below, Table 1 forecasts the split of power generation operations, Table 2 forecasts the split of coal operations)
The source of the East's financial and intellectual boom, the source of the East's financial and intellectual boom, China (601088).
Table 2: Company coal splits forecast the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wisdom.
China’s Senghua (601088): Coal power hedges, alternative manifestations of cost advantages. The company is one of the largest integrated energy companies in the country. It has now developed into a global energy giant with coal power consumption integration capable of smooth cycle fluctuations. We cannot judge the impact of coal prices on the company’s coal power performance with simple linear thinking.
On the basis of profitability, we also need to consider whether the mechanism of the Association can achieve a decline in the unit price of corporate coal sales less than in the market; 2. Coal sales by companies, about 40 per cent of which are sold, will vary depending on the market price of coal, and will reduce the cost of the company ' s combined coal sales by tons; 3. Coal is home-grown in almost 90 per cent of the Department ' s electricity-generating operations, while the company ' s own coal sales price is less volatile than market prices, and the company ' s power operations will have less Maori and Maori.
The counter-relevance of the market price of coal is not so great. When you combine these issues to judge the company's coal power performance, we find that assuming that the market price drops by 10%, the company's Māori rate of coal plates will remain stable, and Māori size will depend largely on changes in demand.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the depth of East Hing's securities report.
China ' s Senghua (601088): Coal power slamming, with an alternative cost advantage, is a four-dimensional cfa holder with three years of experience in the chemical industry. A number of international leading academic journals reviewers, with five national and international patents, and international first-class academic journals
Qinghua University, Faculty of Chemistry, published three papers in journals such as Chemicalscience, ccschemistry, member of the China Chemical Council.
Xu Kunlen Benko and M.A. were both in the Department of Chemical Engineering at Qinghua University, formerly at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three-year experience in chemical technology development and management, Shen Xianfan
Master of Science from Cornell University, a Bachelor of Arts from New York University, served in China to build the China East Electric Design Institute, five years of experience in infrastructure development, and participated in research and research, including by the analyst himself. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.