Recommended (first coverage) Domestic energy drinkers, fast-growing timing - first-time coverage report for East Ping beverages (605499.sh)
Energy drinkers, first share of functional beverage. The company is Shenzhen Old Beverage Production. CHOI Xiaowen Enterprises.
In recent years, our energy and beverages industry has grown in size, falling hundreds of billions in 2019, and its market size has reached 13.50% in 2016-2022.
In 2021, our energy beverage industry reached $133.9 billion, an increase of 10.53%. We currently consume 2.2 litres of energy beverage per capita, 7.9 litres per capita energy beverage per capita in Europe and the United States, and we still have nearly four times as much space as we do in Europe and the United States.
The red cow’s share is far ahead, but its market share has declined in recent years, with its residual brand market share rising to varying degrees, and its Middle Eastern pelican expansion rapidly.
Accurate positioning, differential marketing, a comprehensive rejuvenation strategy launched in 2016, with a focus on young consumers. At the end of the product: the company builds a large single product, East Pine. The central consumer of East Pine is a very strong long-term worker, mainly a long-distance truck driver, considering that canned energy products are not easy to carry.
With the pain, 2009 was the first year of the patent design of the pet plastic bottle packaging and unique dust-proof cover. Dot-end: the company is deep-deep in Guangdong, with a nationwide layout. In 2021, the revenue share of the Guangdong region was 51.59%. As the company ' s nationalization strategy progressed, the south-west and north-west China (including North China) regions were able to move forward.
At the same time, sales from direct lines are increasing in scale, contributing to the company’s ability to collect. The Changsha base, the county base, is actively moving forward with construction, and the company’s capacity is expected to increase further once it is built.
The expansion of the company’s nationalization has been steadily increasing, and the city’s share has increased in recent years. The company is now expected to increase the price of raw materials significantly; the risk of contagion; and food safety.
1.1. The process of business transformation has been growing rapidly, with brands advocating the penetration of the public, energy drinkers, the second largest city in the world. The company is the Shenzhen Beverage company. In 2003, the company completed the transformation of the State enterprise from private stock to private share-holding enterprises, with rapid growth:
In 2013, the company began to market the entire country; in May 2021, the company listed its share of the share of the house, which became the first share of the domestic home-based drink. The company now has the second largest share of the energy-drinking market in the country, with such ministries as Guangdong, Guangxi, China, China and China, and has become Guangdong, Anhui, and Guangdong.
Production bases in major parts of the country, including Guangxi, where the distribution network covers more than 2 million terminals.
Guangxi, China, China, China, the East Peng are growing fast, and the East Peng is finished.
Waiting for the business department, and forming the East Peng beverages at the drop-off pointa, signed the Tung Peng to be Tung Peng.
In the South Mountain Science and Technology Park, the state has a private share system, Guangdong, Anhui, Guangxi.
He's a brand-new spokesperson, and he's got a beverage in Shenzhen City, and he's calling it a beverage.
The main part of the country's radiation is starting to be laid out in the national market.
The sales network covers the country's Super Corporation, which has won many prizes and brands. The company's autonomous series of East Peng beverages has won many prizes, and in 1999 the East Ponto was awarded a great prize by the Guangdong Lightning Industries Department.
The new product award; in 2007, the Qingchang Tea was included in the “Hong East African material heritage.” The company was able to locate the young group, offering “Young people need to wake up” and branding the idea of reaching out. In 2017, Dong Pengte was selected as “the favorite brand of consumers in the 18-30 age group”.
The Lehuun Institute published the “2021 Hu Yun China 500” and the “2021 Hu Yun China Food Industry 100%” 21st. 1.2. Equity structure: relative concentration of equity, management team experience
The company's equity structure is more centralized, and the chairman of the company's woodwork is the realist. The company's first shareholder is a year, the director of the company's forest logs brings in the outside investor, making it the company's second largest shareholder and holding 9% of the company's shares. On May 26, the company issued an announcement that the second shareholder was investing.
Due to its own funding needs, it is planned to reduce by no more than 3% of the total share capital of East Pelican beverages in the form of centralized bidding and bulk trading. The management team has had extensive experience in the beverages industry for many years.
The director was the director of the Wabing Red Cow factory for years, and worked deep in the beverage industry. The company’s deputy director, Mr. Yu Lu Yifu, had 11 years of experience in food and marketing in Gatau, and then served as the general manager of the marketing centre, Mr. Lu Yi Fu, who joined the company since 2018 and was responsible for the company’s national marketing department.
In 2019, the company once again dug up from Gato Po Wu Heung Hae, who was the first sales manager to enter the national market, became the National Extension Director of Gato Po after 2014. The company’s management team is experienced, and it is hoped that it will lead to long-term growth.
1.3. Financial analysis: high revenue growth and lower cost is expected. Since 2019, there has been a double-digit increase in net profits from corporate collections and repatriations and an increase in net interest rates. 28.76 per cent of corporate collections in 2019-2021 and 27.87 per cent of corporate net profits have been recorded.
The company is currently investing in nationalization, and the net profit on revenue collection and repatriation is on a fast-growing track. Since 2018, the net interest rate on corporate sales has risen, from 17.10 per cent in 2021 to 0.72 pct in 2020.
Corporate sales costs have declined, and research and development inputs have been increasing. Although the company is in the process of nationalization and advertising costs have increased, the cost of company sales has declined since 2018.
There are a wide variety of beverage products, and energy beverages are different from usual beverages. There are 11 beverages in the country, and energy beverages are in the category of special-purpose beverages, which change the nutrient content or content of beverages according to integrated kinetics and nutrients.
The composition of the energy beverages consists of basics and other nutrients, such as water, carbs, vitamins and minerals, while the other nutrients consist mainly of a mixture of caffeine, sulfonic acid, amino acid and Guarana.
Aqueous beverages have the effect of “resilience” and “deepness”, distinguishing energy beverages from other beverages 2.1. Development journey: a long history abroad, a high rate of domestic development 2.1.1. Overseas markets: a long history, a hot country
In 1927, the British pharmacist mr.hunter invented a glucozade and named it "lucozade " ;
There are sulfuric acid and vitamins b1, b2, b6, Chinese Thai merchants Xu Xing in 1966 creating functional beverage branded Red Bull, and in 2002 Monster energy beverages were developed with great success. Figure 12. Overseas energy beverages have developed with a long history.
2.1.2. Domestic market: Late start and rapid development The energy beverages market started later than abroad.
In the early 1990’s, Red Bull was successful in overseas markets, and his founder, Hainan, tried to build a factory on the mainland and took Redbull to the Chinese market under the name “Red March.”
In 1995, China and Thailand introduced the “50-year agreement” between two state companies, and the creation of the Shenzhen Red Bull at the end of 1995.
The market was then nurtured through outdoor advertising, famous sports events, advertising in major events such as spring evening, etc., and the main price of our market beverages was two to three dollars, but the founder of the Wabing Group, Mr. Bing, insisted on the high $6 price belt and the quality of the product.
In July 1997, the Shenzhen Red Bull obtained a health-care food certificate (Safety Letter (1997) No. 327), which was extended throughout the country.
Figure 14. China's Red Bulls are running a floating race at the Joohai International Drive. Figure 13. Red Bull's title is the 1996 Spring Sugar Club.
The success of the Red Bull has laid a good foundation for the development of energy beverages in the country, and the consumer’s pre-cubation has been largely completed, with a large number of beverage manufacturers targeting energy beverages. In 2009, East thong beverages were re-entered into the energy beverage track, and the introduction of East Pants was recognized in the market; 2012
In March, the Wa Haha-Man United union launched its “Engine” which contains seven major nutrient groups, such as sulfonic acid and balcony; and in 2013, the Dary Park launched its “Long Tiger.” At the same time, overseas brands such as Japan Health Care and the United States Monster competed in the Chinese market, and our energy beverages are moving fast into the long term.
In 2016, Thailand’s Tianxy and Wabing groups broke up their friendship and partnership, red bulls fell into the trademark dispute, and Thai Tianx and Wabing groups were involved in a dispute over the “Red Bull” brand, their appearance and packaging.
Since the dispute, Tianxi of Thailand has introduced red cow Angela in China and imported versions of Thai red cow vitamins, which are very similar to the Wabing Group vitamins, and have greatly affected the sales of Chinese cow drinks. Our energy beverages market has also slowed down.
Tianxi’s competition for the Red Bull brand power has prompted the country’s brand to develop. Figure 15. Tianxy’s products are very similar to those of the Wabing Group Red Bulls.
2.2. The pattern of competition: the share of red bulls is far ahead, the country ' s energy and beverage industry is expanding rapidly, and the size of the country ' s energy and beverage industry is still vast compared to the foreign market.
In 2021, the energy beverages industry was 13.39 billion yuan, an increase of 10.53 per cent. In 2022, our per capita consumption of energy beverages was 2.2 litres, the per capita consumption of energy beverages in Europe and the United States was 7.9 litres, and there was almost four times as much space as in Europe and the United States.
The Red Bull is in the first row, with many players in the track. The energy beverages industry is now in the game. It can now be divided into three teams, of which Red Bulls, East Pants, Middle Volkswagen and Laiho are members. According to the data, the market is at the bottom of the 2020 line.
The first three, Red Cows, East Peng, and Middle Body Energy, accounted for 52.10 per cent of them, far ahead of other brands, and East Peng, 15.40 per cent of them and 9.20 per cent of them, respectively, with the remaining brands accounting for less than 10 per cent.
In recent years, the market share of red bulls has declined, and the remaining brand markets have increased to varying degrees. The current competition for energy beverages competition is increasing, with the share of red cow markets declining by 16 pct compared to 2015, according to Ew, and the rest of the brands, with a much higher increase in the share of eastern pontoon.
In six years, it's 11.6 pct, 4.0 pcct, and 1.1.1 pcct. Red Bulls, as our energy source, drink and drink, are the first to grow consumers and have a pre-emptive advantage, but in the face of intense competition, Red Bulls' market position is constantly being sled by domestic brands, and Dong Peng is drinking in sports events and electric competitions.
In other areas, precision targeting of young people has become the country’s leading brand. 3. Precision of young card-team groups. The national scale effect is highlighted 3.1. Brand end: precision positioning, differential marketing.
The company’s brand name has been growing, and public interest initiatives have created a national brand image. In 2015, the company succeeded in creating a popular slogan, “Young people need to wake up, be tired and drink East Pinocchio” , and in 2020, it bought a copyright for the song “Leolewearetechampion”, which will be made public.
In 2021, the company became a soft drink in the 100th of China's food and beverages industry.
The company's brand slogan is deep in the heart, and the company works together to build health care in the remote areas of Korea's heart and heart.
The target groups for energy-based drinks are highly concentrated compared to other beverage products, mainly drivers, white collars, couriers, students, electric contestants and athletes who work hard and require additional energy.
There are variations in the scenes where energy beverages are often consumed, and companies have established differentiated marketing strategies for priority customers. Depending on the working environment and consumption scenarios of each target group, companies have adopted different marketing models that allow consumption groups to drink whenever they feel “deep” and “weary” at work.
The use of the image of "Tung Pong" . Consumer scene marketing, as a result of differentiated marketing strategies, has greatly increased the company’s visibility and marketing capacity.
After the strategy, companies focus on young consumers and use young people’s preferences as a marketing power point to increase the branding of their products among young people. In recent years, companies have been working through an increase in the number of young people in tremors, stations, stations, etc., in addition to traditional television advertisements, stations, subways, and high stations.
The high-profile website advertising, the sponsorship of a series of popular young people's video shows and philosophies, as well as the sponsorship of a combination of online sales, such as the Erng Heroes Alliance of the electric team, have increased the visibility of the target group and gradually enriched the consumption scene.
3.2. At the end of the product: The packagings show the three main types of company products: energy beverages, non-energy beverages, and packaged drinking water. The matrix is constantly enriched. In the energy beverage series, the East Pine is the company’s star.
There are 250ml, 500ml bottled East Peng, 250ml canned East Peng and 250mll-Bok-Peng and 250ml-Bok-Peng, as well as multi-packing types like the 250ml diamond kit East Peng, which was launched in 2021. Companies not only create packaging for new energy beverages, but also add coded and innovative energy beverages based on traditional products.
In 2021, she introduced natural aromatic syrup and sweets, and in 2021, she introduced a glutinous syrup instead of white sugar, and a sugar-rich syrup with sugar, vitamin b, fish gel egg, and a female energy drink of platinum, "She can Shecan." The non-energy beverages consisted mainly of lemon tea, Chen.
Pete drinks, cool tea, watermelon tea, chrysanthemum tea, and so on. In 2021, the company started to set up a coffee-drinking track and introduced a low-sugar "Tung Poon Curry" that can shake milk bubbles. 3.2.1. Focused energy beverages, the company's performance continues to grow.
Energy beverages are core products of the company, driving the growth in company performance. In 2021, the revenue from East Ponto was $6,592 million, or 94.66 per cent of the company ' s main business, highlighting the core product position; in 2021, the rate of Māori from East Pengte was 46.16 per cent, which is significantly higher than the 13 per cent rate for other beverages, which is further explained.
In 2017-2021, the income from the EBD increased from 2,735 million yuan to 6,592 million yuan, and in four years, the cagr was 24.60 per cent, and the EBD's performance was stable over the long term.
Figure 28. The gross rate of energy beverages is significantly higher than that of other beverages.
Long-time workers, the company, considering the pain of not being easy to carry in canned energy products, started the patent design of a pet plastic bottle package and a unique dustproof cover in 2009, with a 250 ml gold bottle special drink in the form of a different packaging, and 500 ml gold bottle special drink in 2017.
Cow can products have the following advantages: first, they can only be used as quickly as possible after the cans are opened, and Pete's packaging is easier to carry; second, dustproof covers are designed to avoid the dusting of bottles, energy, and drinks are more clean and hygienic. The company breaks the energy beverage cans, and there is much room for product development.
With high value for money and portable packaging, 500-ml gold bottles have become corporate sales champions, and according to the sale price of the Tokyo flagship shop and the effects component of the product, 500-ml gold bottles have the lowest single price per 100ml and are therefore not low in sulfuric acid, as compared to other energy sources on the market.
500ml has a high price of gold, and in 2019 it was sold more than 250ml gold, which was sold at $5,024 million in 2021, representing 76.22 per cent of the income of the main business, an increase of 62.84 per cent in the same year, while 250ml gold, which was collected at $848 million, was sold at the same rate.
A little product, still in the process of dissemination and nurturing. 3.2.2. Shows a new acceleration, second-performance growth space opens up, new product research and development continues, and growth space is expected to open further.
The company’s research and development team has made a technological breakthrough by introducing new products, “Lemon tea” and “Peter Chen”, in the area of tea beverages and vegetable beverages.
The taste of beverages and carbonate beverages, companies responding to consumer demand with the roll-out of East Poon Curry, Eastern Pork Zero Special Drinking and East Porpoise Negative. The company's income from non-energy beverages is growing rapidly and is expected to become its second performance growth curve.
3.2.3. In-depth research on products to guide and exploit consumption demand R & D structures are constantly improving and production systems are helping to develop new products. Companies have established specialized R & D management centres, which are responsible for overall R & D activities, including R & D management, product R & D, packaging R & D
At the same time, companies and universities (South China Agricultural University, etc.) and research and research units (Congdong Province) are safe for food.
There is close cooperation between the Institute and others, and the efficient combination of production and research helps companies to explore the feasibility of market consumption hot spots and promote the rapid commercialization of their products. The number of people has increased to 134, matching the growing business.
In addition, the company’s leader, Mr. Woodley, has many inventions and patents, and the leaders attach importance to products for a good climate for the research and development community. The company’s R & D costs have been increasing since 2018, and companies will continue to increase their R & D investment in the future.
3.3. Channel ends: Deep-cultivation in Guangdong, with a relatively high share of income in Guangdong region across the country, and accelerated nationalization process. The Guangdong region is the most important marketing market for companies, 2021
The share of total revenue in the Eastern region is about 87.5%. As the company’s nationalization strategy moves forward, the South-West region’s share of sales in the Guangdong region in 2000 was more than half as much as in 2021.
The share of total revenue in the area has been high, but there has been a significant increase in income in other regions of the country. From 2018 to 2021, the share of income in the Guangdong region showed a downward trend, while the structure of the national regional revenue collection has been optimized, while the number and share of dealers in the Guangdong region also showed a marked downward trend, with companies in other regions of the country.
The number of dealers has increased from 1,123 to 2,590 and the distribution system is improving. From a regional perspective, the system of channels in Guangdong Province has been improved, and the region has been better equipped for long periods of time.
The distribution agency system, which now covers the township area, contributed significantly to the growth of revenue in the East China region in 2021, with southwest market channels reaching the county level, parts of which have entered the town, and the southwest region, which is expected to increase further in 2021, in conjunction with other corporate marketing activities.
The South-West region’s revenues grew by 61.71% on a year-on-year basis, after the East China region. For other regions of the country, companies have also increased their input, the company’s channel system is improving, and the overall marketing of products and access coverage will increase further.
By the end of 2021, the company had 2312 distributors, and the company had a sophisticated operating model in the traditional strong markets of Guangdong and Guangxi, with a deep rural market and a whole range of products.
A strategy to cover; a mobile business model in other regions that will continue to open up within the region’s markets and select more powerful distributors. Companies take a straight-line model at gas station conveniences, high-speed servers, and commercial super-ends, and adhere to the notion that “showing is the best ad” for the terminal.
In terms of online access, companies set up brand flagship shops in such electrical channels as Bao, Skycat, Kyouta, Doo-Doo, and Monroe-Colour, and social power platforms such as fast hands, shivering, and small red books.
The Department is mainly working with China Oil Colume Co. Ltd., Hebei Highway Investment Management Co. Ltd., and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
In 2019, a direct-camp model was introduced for large gas station convenience stores, large supermarket chains, etc., and since 2019, in a direct-camp model for multi-flag and Kyoto flag shops, consumers confirmed that they received the money directly into the company’s accounts, and the company’s direct-camp channels continued to increase their sales capacity.
Road sales as a share of revenue remained at around 97 per cent, and sales through the 2021 line and direct channels increased significantly, with distribution declining to 88.63 per cent. In 2020 and 2021, straight channels earned $458 million and $656 million, respectively, representing 9.27 per cent and 9.27 per cent of operating income, respectively.
Figure 44. The company's direct route is growing rapidly. Figure 45. The direct sales channel's growing capacity.
The layout of the freezer shows, and the continued placement of the freezer will boost sales and increase market access. The consumption of the beverages is characterized by drinking, which is now mainly sold through the under-line retail channel, and the freezer is used as an important channel for the beverage industry, which takes over the freezer from one brand to another. The importance of the freezer prompts the Dong Peng to take over the freezer.
As of 30 June 2022, the company had a total of 74,000 freezers, which are currently less covered and have greater space for release. The company will continue to put freezers on a permanent basis, depending on the market situation, thus promoting rising market occupancy.
The company has a rigorous system of assessment, indicators, and access. It has several dimensions to examine the overall strength of the dealer, and it has several conditions to review before it can complete its access.
These measures include marketing promotion support, return subsidy support, marketing training and guidance, and good management and maintenance of distributors, with the aim of increasing the motivation of distributors and raising the market share of corporate products.
3.3.3. Production bases are deployed throughout the country, with an orderly expansion of capacity. Production bases are deployed nationwide, with a significant impact on scale. Companies are expanding their production, with nine major production units.
At the same time, the Changsha base, the county base, is actively moving forward with the construction of the site, which has led to a further increase in the capacity of the company, resulting in a nationwide production layout and scale effect of radiation, such as Guangdong, Anhui, Guangxi, Chongqing, and a reduction in the radius and cost of transport of products.
At the same time, there is an increasing trend in the production capacity of companies, from 2018 to 2021.
In June 2022, the company launched a national front-line electronic system.
The company uses digitized technology to significantly improve its ability to operate and promote a single distribution channel.
We split the company's core business, based on the following assumptions: Energy Beverage (Emphatic Beverage) (Emphatic Beverage): The Emperut drink has been growing at a high rate in recent years, with good nationalization and rising city occupancy rates. The business is expected to grow at a different rate in 2022-2024.
Other beverage business: The company has been launching new products in recent years, taking into account the market strength of the company ' s new products, given the global inflation, and the fact that the company ' s beverage bottles use higher pet material, but they are now receding. In addition, the company ' s beverages of white sugar and sodium lemon acid are at high prices.
Companies have targeted some of their raw material prices. In the short term, the company’s costs are under pressure, but with the expected fall in costs and the advantages of the company’s size, it is clear that the company’s Māori ratio is expected to be stable over the next three years, that the expansion of the company’s nationalization has steadily advanced, and that the city’s share has increased in recent years.
(a) Significant increases in raw material prices: the company's main raw materials are white sugar and pet, and the cost of raw materials is higher than the cost of production, which will affect the company's profitability if prices of raw materials rise significantly;
(b) Food safety: Food safety issues will have a serious impact on the corporate brand image and will have a far-reaching impact on the company.