The big pelican wings are a thousand miles-605499.sh. Dong Peng beverages are home-grown energy-drinking brands. The company has succeeded in shaping brands that are well known to a wide range of consumers.
The company's product matrix consists of Dong Peng, lemon tea, etc., with Middle Eastern Peng having a 95.97% share. As of 22H1, it's ice-free.
The company has formed a production base in the major regions of the country, such as Guangdong, Anhui and Guangxi, with a total of 2,590 distributors and a distribution network covering about 2.5 million end-doors throughout the country.
The annual capr was 7.7 per cent per capita consumption of energy beverages in 2021 at $36.3 per person per person, and in the last five years it was 9.7 per cent per person, assuming that future competition over the Mid-Thai Red Bull trademark would continue, given the significant increase in energy beverage penetration in recent years and the slowdown in consumption recovery following the epidemic, we expect per capita consumption of energy beverages over the next five years.
Cagr will slow down, assuming that our energy beverages consumption per capita will be 7.7 per cent in five years in 2021-2026, and that our energy beverages per capita will be about $52.48 per person in 2026.
The Chinese Red Cows and Thai Red Cow brands are not over yet, and the impact on Red Cow brands will continue; the Dary Group has a wide range of operations, and marketing inputs are not tilted towards the quench: the “rural siege of cities” strategy of physical energy faces some resistance.
It is expected to reach around 26.7%. The East Peng beverages were launched in 2017, and the East Peng beverages were raised from 10.5% in 2018 since the expansion of nationalization of the main product.
Up to 16.7 per cent in 2021, and assuming the continuation of the competition over the Chinese Red Bull brand, we expect to invest in the next five years: China Red Bull versus Thailand Red Bulls are pushing for a re-engineering of our competitive patterns in the energy beverage industry; the public sector is plowing the energy beverages track; and the combination of brands, products and channels is stronger than the competitors, some are
The company's growing up in Guangdong, while expanding its products, is highly valued and deserves a certain amount of appreciation, given the growth of the energy-drinking track in which the company operates.
The company succeeded in building a brand known to a wide range of consumers as "Tung Peng" , and the brand idea of "Young to Wake Up" is deeply embedded. The company's product matrix consists of East Pengte, lemon tea, Chen Pitt, packaged drinking water, etc.
The Middle East Bottle is the company’s main product, with 95.97 per cent of the 22h1 battalion. As of 22h1, the company has formed a production base in major areas of the country, such as Guangdong, Anhui and Guangxi, with a total of 2,590 distributors and distribution networks covering about 2.5 million end-doors.
As of June 2022, Mr. Woodley held both direct and indirect shares, introducing a private equity investment fund for the consumer goods sector in 2017 as a war investment, and in 2019, the company set up the Far East Road, the Far East Far East, the Far East, and the Togashi as an employee holding platform.
The above-mentioned technical backbones, business backbones, etc., have been used as a means of stimulating participation in the previously mentioned equity platforms, generally looking at a more stable structure of corporate equity and a better incentive mechanism to motivate employees and distributors.
The product under the company’s umbrella is mainly the East Pot and other types of beverages. Its Middle East pint is the company’s dominant product, with 22h1 contributing $4.118 billion, accounting for 95.97% of the company’s total revenue. Other beverages, such as Middle Eastern oatmeal, the East Plum, the Omnibus, and lemon tea, are rapidly released and are expected to build the company’s second-growth curve.
In the year 2018-2021, the company ' s revenue from the sale of the platter rose from 2,885 million yuan to 500 ml gold bottle products in 2017, successfully filling the market ' s main brands ' gap in the large-capacity energy drinking class and meeting consumer demand for large-volume products. In addition, $5 per bottle.
The prices of end retail guidance are higher than those of other product groups. 500 ml gold bottle products are fast-growing into big corporate singles after roll-out, with company sales in 2018-2021.
Figure 4: The company ' s 500ml gold bottling ratio has been rising steadily since 2018, with the company ' s Māori ratio rising steadily in 18-21 as a result of the effects of the company ' s size and the cost of raw materials. The company ' s Māori rate has risen steadily since 2018, with 2021 being recategorized by a change in accounting policy
On the one hand, the 500ml gold bottle revenue ratio continues to rise, while the 500ml gold bottle product has the highest Māori ratio among the products. The cost per unit of 500ml bottle is lower than the other packaging specifications, mainly for packages of unit capacity, and with the rapid increase in production of 500ml, the unit labour cost and the cost of manufacturing are equal.
On the other hand, the company ' s price of polyester slices continued to fall. The market for polyester slices fell faster in 2019, by 19.03 per cent throughout the year, reducing the cost of raw materials, while the price of polyester slices increased significantly throughout the year in 2021, the average price was equal to that of polyester slices because the price was locked in advance.
By 2020, it fell by 12.03 per cent. 22h1 was affected by a significant rise in raw material prices and a marginal decline in corporate Māori ratios. 22h1, the company Māori ratio, has increased slightly over the past two years.
Cost rates showed a downward trend from 18 to 20 years, with 21 years of increased channel extension fees and expansion of the sales team as a result of investment in ad hoc roll-out fees and to advance the nationalization strategy, and a slight increase in sales costs after taking into account the adjustment of accounting standards. The management and R & D rates decreased slightly with the expansion of operations, but more generally.
In 2019, the company focused on increasing its daily proximity to consumers and more frequent exposure to the field of “surface advertising” with more public transport, waiting booths, t-cards and wall advertisements out of the house throughout the year, increasing corporate brand recognition while reducing the cost of company outreach.
The outbreak has had a greater impact on the domestic consumer market, with some uncertainty about the overall consumer environment, and some impact on corporate advertising. In 21 years, the cost of company sales increased by 51.3% over the same period.
Inputs from wide-ranging activities, additional ad hoc roll-out costs of $994.25 million, higher promotional costs of 58.5 per cent over the same period, and increased marketing costs of about $134 million for such channels as ice depositing, and three for company promotion of the nationalization strategy, sales personnel, in order to further increase the impact of marketing channels and increase market ownership of products.
The increase was coupled with a 51.6 per cent increase in the company’s salaries for sales personnel, and a 51.6 per cent increase in the remuneration of employees on a year-to-year basis –22h1, with 19.91 per cent of the company’s current cost, with 16.38 per cent of the cost of sales and management, respectively, being affected by the rise in raw materials and the epidemic, and a slower increase in the company’s net return to the mother.
The net interest rate of the company return is raised from 18 to 21 years, and the net interest rate of the company return from 18 to 21 years is derived from 3. Energy beverage industry: diversified consumption scenes drive energy-drinking beverages are energy beverages that contain a certain amount of energy and add appropriate nutrients or other specific ingredients that can supplement the organism.
Energy, or accelerated energy release and absorption, for the purpose of regulating the function of the body to some extent, generally has the effect of “resistance” and “deepness” such as white sugar, and specific effects such as sulfonic acid, lysine, caffeine, acid smoke, vitamin b6, vitamin b12.
3.1 The market for energy beverages in our country has grown in scope. As consumption levels and consumption habits of our population have increased, consumer demand for beverages has tended to diversify, leading to a growing variety of types and tastes of beverage products in our country.
Rich, there is a big difference in development across sub-areas. From our data on soft beverage sales, energy is about 20% of the year's cagr. Far above the US, Thailand, and Japan, our functional beverage is still permeable, and our consumption is still low. In terms of consumption structure, our beverage market is packaged for drinking.
Water, i.e. tea beverages and carbonate beverages, dominated by 58.5 per cent, 14.2 per cent and 12 per cent of the country ' s beverage sales in 2021. After years of rapid development, the share of functional beverages in Chinese beverage sales rose from 0.8 per cent in 2011 to 3.2 per cent in 2021, and remains low.
Figure 15: Our energy beverage sales increased by about 11 per cent in 2021, and figure 14: our energy beverage sales grew significantly faster than the Chinese energy beverage market in comparable countries at the beginning of the day, while per capita consumption of energy beverages remained significantly lower and there was much room for growth.
Our energy beverage market has begun late in comparison to developed regions such as Europe and the United States, but in recent years it has benefited from the promotion and guidance of energy beverages, the promotion and guidance of leading companies, consumer awareness, and the expansion of consumption scenes and consumption groups. In 2021, China’s per capita consumption of functional beverages was 1.8 litres, with $5.6 per person,
The difference in consumption between Japan, Thailand and the United States is about 20 per cent from the United States, 40 per cent from Thailand, and 3.2 from Japan is an important driver of energy beverage development in our country.
In recent years, the consumption of energy beverages has gradually expanded.
The military has gradually expanded from long-serving drivers, blue-collar workers, couriers, etc. to more white collars, students, etc.
The 10 per cent increase reflects the fact that the number of long-distance drivers with the need to resist fatigue is still growing; for couriers, the volume of couriers above our size is increasing by more than 25 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the number of couriers is also increasing: for takers and network drivers, the quota is higher than the catering service in the catering industry
As the Internet economy sinkes, new blue collars, represented by couriers, takers, and Internet drivers, will continue to be an important driving force in the growth of demand for energy beverages.
As the pace of working life in society accelerates, the main energy-drinking army gradually expands from long-working drivers, blue-collar workers, couriers, etc. to more consumer groups, such as white collars, and students. According to the Insight Report on the Current Situation of Young People in the Workplace, published by the Hunting Company, 80% of the population in our first city regularly works overtime.
More than 75 per cent of the new first-line cities and second-line cities are often over-working, and as overtime becomes more common, the need for white collars to raise their heads against fatigue is growing, with multi-brand-based sugar-free high-end versions and new versions for women, with energy beverage brands increasing marketing and consumer development.
It is expected to open up the space for penetration among the white-collar population. Space two: consumption scenes tend to diversify and consumption scenes spread from various types of “weary” scenes, such as overtime, nighttime, to sports and gatherings, travels, daily health care.
Some energy beverages have started to sponsor games, music festivals, etc., and have developed new consumption scenes that are more in line with the trend towards rejuvenation of consumption.
According to data from the National Statistical Office, the total output of our sports industry in 2020 amounted to 2.74 trillion dollars, 2015 - ), with a view to promoting a higher level of fitness for all in the coming period and better meeting the physical and health needs of the population: 38.5 per cent by 2025 (see figure).
As the population’s health awareness rises, the sports sector is expected to grow faster, and the growth of the sports community will create a demand for energy drinks.
In China, 36% of players drink functional drinks while playing games, and energy drinkers sponsor electricity.
Events such as competition, music festivals, etc., are better suited to the consumption scenes of young people in the new era and are in line with the trend towards rejuvenation.
Fields, where consumers are increasingly exposed, where their "energy activation " , " mind-raising " , " resistance to fatigue " impressions are deepened and disseminated to potential consumers through slogans, generate positive consumer feedback and increase consumer acceptance and awareness of energy beverages.
At the same time, as the pace of work and life in modern societies accelerates, the number of hours worked increases, along with the widening of the energy drink consumption scenes such as sports, electric competitions, music festivals, consumer demand for energy beverages continues to grow and, in part of the year, a small generation of consumers grow into consumption habits for energy beverages.
The introduction of new marketing channels, such as vending machines, the Internet, has made it easier for a growing number of consumers to buy energy beverages, and market acceptance is increasing.
The country's energy beverages market started late and has been going through about three stages: the first phase (1995-2008) of the industry: at the end of 1995, the Wabing Group, in partnership with the Red Cow brand owner, Tianxing Thailand, established the Red Cow Vitamin Beverage Company, which introduced the Red Cow beverages brand.
China’s market marked the beginning of the country’s energy and beverage industry. * Phase II (2009-2015) is a fast-growing phase: after decades of cultivation, consumers’ acceptance of drink can be measured has gradually increased, the industry has moved into a fast-growing phase, with energy drinking based on Ei-We International data.
The volume of sales rose from 198 million litres in 2009 to 1,259 million litres in 2015 and to 36.1 per cent in six years of cagr, with many new brands emerging with the rapid development of energy beverages, and the red cow market remained stable, with a declining market share of more than 60 per cent.
Phase III (2016-present) was highly competitive: in October 2016, Tianxi, Thailand, filed a trademark infringement suit against the Chinese Red Bull, claiming the expiry of the Trademark Licensing Agreement, calling for the cessation of the use of the Red Bull brand. The dispute between the two sides is still pending. To seize the Chinese market, the Thai Red Bulls were launched in China.
The existence of several red cow brands on the market affects consumers and conduits, as well as harms brands. According to data released by the Wabing Group, Chinese red cow sales reached an all-time high of 23 billion yuan in 2015 and, after 2016, Chinese red cow sales are blocked by litigation.
At this stage, the market share of East Ponto's continued energy, physical energy, queuing and battle horses has been seized, and the rate of the Red Bull has fallen to 39.4% each year, and the rate of East Peng's beverages has risen to 19.2%.
In 2021, the top five companies in the country were the Red Bull Vitamin Beverage Company Ltd., the East Peng Beverage Group Co. Ltd., the Dali Food Group Co. Ltd., and the River.
The South and Middle Business Company Ltd. (physical energy) and the Worm (Beijing) Beverage Ltd. (warhorses) are ranked second in East Peng's drinking market, one of the brands of industry leaders.
In October of that year, Tianxy, Thailand, initiated a trademark infringement suit against the Wabing Group, demanding that the Wabing Group stop using the “red cow” brand on the grounds that its 20-year licence agreement with the joint venture had expired and had not been renewed on 6 October 2016, and that the Wabing Group would subsequently produce and sell red cow beverages as a trademark infringement.
However, the Wirtschaftsprüfer Group has proposed that the two parties have signed a 50-year letter of agreement, which still has not expired. The trademark infringement proceedings between Tianxy and the Wabing Group in Thailand are still pending, and the market expansion and branding of the Chinese Red Bull has not yet been completed.
This has had a greater impact, while the market co-existed in three similarly packaged red cow products, causing damage to red cow brands, which consumers are less able to distinguish from the slow growth in red cow sales and the continuing decline in city occupancy. Tort litigation has lasted for many years, and we believe it is difficult to conclude in the short term, so the impact on red cow brands will remain unchanged.
In 2021, the Dali Group generated 3.222 billion yuan, or 14.5 per cent of the Group's total revenue.
The brand has been successful, but the competitive advantage of the group is not evident due to the large number of lines of business under the Darley group, covering pastry, potato-inflated food, biscuits, cold tea, composite protein drinks and energy drinks, and the fact that the group's strategy is not tilted towards energy beverages and has fewer marketing inputs.
The physical energy “rural encircling cities” strategy faces some resistance. From the products themselves, the physical energy is derived from the lack of blue hat labels, the relatively low content of active ingredients such as sulfonic acid, and the inability to inform about health effects such as “resilience”, which are relatively limited. From the marketing strategy, the physical energy is mainly based on “agriculture”
At a lower price, the market is now deep in the low-line markets of Henan, Jiang Su, and Anhui regions, where brand marketing is relatively low, and where the process of nationalization faces some resistance. Battle horses, monsters, are slow to develop, and they are small.
The introduction of functional beverages, which currently have a relatively small sales value, and the development of the Wabing Group is still concentrated on red bulls. Monster uses Coca-Cola channels to enter China, but the growth is faster because of problems with oral marketing.
Figure 27: Leisure in East Poet is increasing faster at 3.4 market size: our energy beverage consumption is projected to be 8.8% in five years, and our energy beverage consumption is projected to be 7.65% in five years.
In terms of per capita consumption, the per capita consumption of energy beverages was $36.3 per person in 2021. Since mid-2015, when the Thai Red Bulls started the trademark rights contest, per capita consumption of energy beverages has declined significantly, from 2016 to 2016.
In 2021, our energy beverage consumption per capita was 9.65% in five years, a significant decline from the 2011-2016 figure of 26.39% in the year 2011-2016. Assuming future competition for trademark rights continues, and given the significant increase in energy beverage penetration in recent years and the slowdown in consumption recovery following the epidemic, we expect energy beverage consumption per capita in the next five years.
On the population side, according to the National Statistics Office, the total population in 2021 was 1,413 million people, a figure that increased from 7.65 per cent in five years for energy beverages in 2021 to 2026 for energy beverages per capita in 2026, to approximately $52.48 per person.
At 0.03 per cent, the population growth rate has slowed considerably in recent years, assuming that by 2026 the country ' s total population is close to the current level of 1,413 million people, and by 2026 the country ' s consumption of energy beverages is estimated to be approximately 74,151 million yuan.
Golden Bottles, since the expansion of the main product, the city of East Peng Beverage rose from 10.5 per cent in 2018 to 16.7 per cent in 2021, of which the epidemic affected the city of East Peng Beverage rose by only 1.1 per cent in 2020, and the cities of East Peng Beverage rose by 2.4 per cent and 2.7 per cent in 2019 and 2021, respectively, assuming the trademark of the Central Thai Red Bull.
The power struggle continues, and the impact on the growth of red cow sales will continue, with the East Peng Beverage City continuing to rise. We expect the East Peng Beverage City to increase by an average of 2 per cent per year over the next five years, and the East Peng Beverage City will increase by 2026, and the size of the future Ping Beverage Retail is projected to be 18.2 per cent in the next five years.
In 2026, the retailing of the beverages is expected to reach $19,798 million and in five years, the cagr is 18.2 per cent. Figure 28: The per capita consumption of energy beverages in the country has slowed down (in yuan/persons).
Figure 29: Per capita consumption of energy beverages has slowed significantly in the last five years. 4. Companies drive the nationalization process with high value for money products and brand visibility 4.1 products: differentiated packaging, high value for money, rich product matrices.
Strength I: Different Packaging Company to cut into the market with different packagings. In 2009, the company started a special design for pet plastic bottles and unique dustproof caps, with differentiated product packages that were unique in the market, breaking the canned packaging of energy beverages products.
The traditional canned products of the Red Cows have the problem of being dusty in their openings and not easy to carry. And the gold bottle in the East Pompet bottle is designed simultaneously with dustproof covers and threads, with double caps designed to be dustproof and easily removed, in line with the actual needs of consumers.
In terms of product prices, the Red Bull takes over the energy beverages market, and the new products need to be cut to the market through a differentiated price belt. The East Pine drinks a difference between the price and the product specification of the Red Bull, which is primarily price-based, in the interest of the ml gold bottle, and successfully fills the gap between the major market brands in the energy beverage class and meets the consumer.
At the same time, 500 ml gold cylinders are priced at the end retail instruction price of $5/bottle, which is lower than the Red Bull price of $6/250 ml per unit capacity. The 500ml gold cylinders have rapidly become the driving force behind the growth in sales by contributing companies since their launch.
A third advantage: the product matrix is rich, and the company currently has 250 ml bricks, 250 ml cans, 250 ml cans, 500 ml cans, terminal retail instruction prices of $2 per box, $3 per bottle, $4 per can and $5 per bottle of product ladders.
In addition, the market-based energy-beverage formula is relatively monolithic, with companies constantly launching new products and creating a rich matrix of “energy plus” products to further the consumer and consumer landscape.
The company will first launch new products in the mature regions of Guangdong, and will sell them to the country, for example, after positive reactions.
After a better performance of the company's 21-year-old production, the company introduced national sales, solid 4.2 brands: new marketing for energy beverage leadership brands. The company valued brand image, developed a strategy for “rejuvenation of brands” and proposed “Young people need to wake up”
The company seized the opportunity to promote traditional television advertising. In 2018, the company promoted brand image and products to further enhance the image of the brand.
During the Russian World Cup, about 150 million yuan was invested in cooperation with central television, the Guangdong Sports Channel, today’s headlines, and other media platforms such as YouTube sponsoring, advertising, and content operations. Companies adapted saturated marketing strategies to enhance corporate brand recognition.
With effect, emphasis has been placed on increasing the daily proximity of consumers to more frequent “ground advertising” and placing more public transport, waiting booths, t-cards and wall advertising throughout the year. Companies’ saturated marketing strategies have increased the use of “ground advertising” for direct high-density coverage of consumers and enhanced corporate branding.
In addition to traditional television advertising and outdoors such as bus bodies, subways, high railway stations, companies combine the lifestyle and consumption habits of contemporary young people.
New marketing models, such as the Internet, video implants, sports competitions, etc., have been developed. For example, companies have worked with station B to refuel the students of the High Tests, have sponsored multi-purpose b-site philosophies, have joined forces to open up a 100-person public interest movement, and have worked for three consecutive years with the Korean Heart of Love in a public good strategy.
The company’s new marketing model has quickly attracted the attention of young consumers. It has created a stronger brand, which has raised its reputation. After years of accumulation and effort, the company’s brand influence has been rising, it has become a leading brand of energy beverages, and the brand image has become popular.
The Chinese branding index (c-bpi) ranking and analysis of the Chinese branding index (c-bpi) was one higher ranking than in 2021 and ranked top 3 on the functional beverage (energy-bearing beverages, sports beverages, nutritional supplements, etc.).
4.3 Channels: The results of the process of nationalization of companies. Corporate sales patterns are dominated by distribution patterns, combined with a variety of direct-line, online and other marketing models, resulting in a fully fledged, 3-dimensional distribution system. 22h1 companies generate 90.2 per cent of the proceeds from distribution and 90.2 per cent of the revenues from direct sales.
As a result of years of market expansion and precision, companies have established numerous distribution networks consisting of distributors, postmen and wholesalers, retail end-users, wide coverage, penetration, and flat-level distribution networks.
As the size of the company’s business expands, the number of distributors has grown rapidly, and by 2021 the number of distributors had increased by 44.5 to 2312 and the number of terminals by 74.2 per cent to 74.2 per cent.
The ring growth ranged from 19.62 to 2.5 million, and product exposure and consumer contact were increasing.
With regard to online channels, companies have established brand flagship shops in traditional electrical channels such as Bao, Skycat, Kyundong, Doo-Doo, and Micro-Cities; and short video and social power platforms such as twitching, fast-handed, and little-red books.
The sale of products takes many forms, such as direct camping, live streaming, etc. The relatively small share of revenue from online channels is related to the consumption of food products on the spot and the higher freight costs of online purchases.
In 2020, the average sales revenue of the regional distributors in Guangdong was $12.393 million, more than twice that of the second Guangxi region, and there is still much room for opening up other areas. To open the country’s markets, the company implemented three major initiatives: the invitation to Mr. Lu Yifu, the head of the northern market in Gado Bo, in 2018 and 2019, respectively, to Mr. Lu Yifo, the head of the northern market, and Gardo.
Mr. Wu Xinghai, former promoter, joined forces to focus on the country’s marketing operations. Mr. Lou, who led the team of Dong Peng, made a remarkable success during the Spring War in 2019. Mr. Wu was the first regional sales manager for Gado Po’s march into the national market, and was on several important posts.
The company introduced the Amiba model in 2018, with a pay-plus-per-performance system for business personnel.
The introduction, on the basis of an appraisal, of a build-up system that stimulates the advancement of its operations, full decentralization of regional directors, transformation of the region into a small profit centre, with some cost support from the company, and the allocation of resources by regional managers to achieve the objectives in accordance with market conditions, with additional incentives for over-achievement.
In 2019, the company further optimized the marketing management structure and management path by establishing three main marketing headquarters in Guangdong, the National Marketing Department and the National Direct Marketing Department, and recombined the National Marketing Department, and identified Guangxi, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, North, Southwest and China.
These changes have contributed significantly to the development of the company’s out-of-provincial business. From the faster growth in the Guangdong region in recent years, the share of the Guangdong region declined from 61.1% in 2018.
Thirty-eight.5 per cent of 21h1, of which the East and Southwest regions experienced relatively rapid income growth, with growth rates of 22h1 per cent, figure 37: the company's off-the-road market operations have grown faster The company has increased its incentives and control over the run-off through scavenging activities.
The company is involved in scavenging through consumers, end shops, and distributors: one is able to collect big data and have some of the final consumption data to optimize its operations. As of May 2021, the company had about 1.2 million registered users of the end-marketing network, which has accumulated hundreds of millions of consumers.
Activity data; second, strong controls can be achieved on the phenomenon, third, by reducing the cost of buying by consumers, raising the initial purchasing power and repurchase rates of high consumers, and fourth, by increasing the profits of the terminal shop and increasing its sales.
The Bottle Code confirms the consumer’s winning prize, delivers it in kind to the consumer, and receives an “electronic return voucher” and reports it in a graded manner, automatically to the company’s erp business system, and the data can be collected by completing the sub-heading of the write-off.
Cash discount: After the consumer/end-door scans two-dimensional codes and the cash discounts, the company's micro-mail sweep system automatically records the consumer/end-door openid and the discount amount, forming the only cash payment in real time.
4.4 Productive capacity: Nationalization of the production base. In order to meet the growing size of the company's operations, the company continuously expands its production capacity, consolidates its competitive advantages in terms of unit cost of the product, efficiency of production management, quality of the product, and enhances its production operations.
As the company ' s nationalization process accelerates, market demand continues to expand, and the company continues to nationalize and expand, providing supply capacity throughout the country. The company has now developed into seven major companies, namely, pelicans, pelicans, pelicans, pelicans, pelicans, pelicans, pelicans, pelicans, and Chinese central China.
The company raises funds for the construction of three production bases in South China, South Ning II and Chongqing. With the completion of the project, the company will further expand the production capacity of the Guangdong and Guangxi regions and build the Chongqing region.
With regard to the construction of new production bases, the company has continued to promote the construction of the Changsha base and the county base, and has steadily advanced the selection of sites, land acquisition and land tagging of the Shenzhen base and the Xinxing base.
Additional product production lines will be added to the base of the City, South China, Anhui, Chongqing, to provide a solid guarantee for the consolidation and development of regional markets in South, China, East and South-West China, and to reduce long-distance logistics transport, sales and transport, with some impact, on the other hand, due to the reduced rainfall in Guangdong, the company's main field.
The company has four packaging specifications, and is expected to remain dominated by 500 ml gold cylinders, with the potential of Chinese gold cans to accommodate mid-end consumers: 500ml gold cylinders: 500ml gold bottles are the company's star's single product, contributing to the company's main sales income.
The rapid expansion of the Division's channels and terminals is expected to be in rapid release over the next three years, with a projected 500 ml, which is expected to maintain a high “one dollar” winning rate and a high return strength to facilitate end sales, §250 ml mini-bottle: 250 ml mini-bottle value less than 500 ml gold bott from the launch of the 500 ml gold bottle
For part of the sale of the mini-bottles, sales of the 250ml mini-bottles continued to decline significantly in 19-20, and sales of the 250ml mini-bottles increased slightly in 21 years. In the future, the company will concentrate mainly on positioning the mini-bottles at the highest end of the population.
Iron cans, targeting high-end consumers who receive some of the red bulls. Propagation of the phrase “East Peng energy, China has gold cans”, highlighting the national branding concept, and becoming an “officially designated functional drink of the Hangzhou Asian Games”, will use the opportunity of the Hangzhou Asian Games to achieve a major breakthrough in the cans market.
250ml Bricks: 250ml BBBBIs are non-corporately driven products and are expected to grow by 8 per cent/ 6 per cent for the year 22-24. Given the low unit price of 250ml bricks per se, and the non-main push product, the unit price of 250ml BBBBs is expected to be roughly the same as in 21 years.
Other beverage products, mainly other energy beverages, non-energy beverages and packaged drinking water, are currently relatively small in size, but with the introduction of new products and the development of products, it is expected that new large monoliths will emerge in the future. Others are expected to be under pressure for 22 years due to rising prices of pet polyester slices and white sugar.
In terms of cost composition, the company’s costs consist mainly of direct materials, which in 2021 amounted to 80.64% of the cost. Raw materials consist mainly of white sugar, bottle embryos, fragrances, paper boxes, etc., of which white sugar and pet cylinder embryos account for about 50% of the purchase value of raw materials and have a greater impact on the company’s production costs.
The price of white sugar has been rising continuously since the beginning of the year, rising by 1.1 per cent over 21 years, faster than 20 years, faster than 22 years, and by 4.2 per cent over 21 years as of 29 September 22, and is expected to increase by 22 years because companies have only partially locked prices for white sugar.
The company ' s crude raw material is pet polyester slices, the price of pet polyester slices has increased continuously since the beginning of the year 21 and the average price of pet polyester slices in 21 years has increased significantly by 26.9 per cent over 20 years. As a result of the company ' s lock price of pet polyester slices at the beginning of the year 21, the company ' s real average purchase price was 12.03 per cent lower than in 2020.
The price of ester slices has continued to rise, with the 22-year average price of pet polyester slices rising by 18.2 per cent over 21 years as of 17 October 22 years, and it is expected that the price of pet polyester slices will put pressure on the company ' s costs as a result of the company ' s lack of lock prices for the pet polyester slices for 22 years.
White sugar, figure 42: pet prices have increased since the beginning of the year 21 ($/t) Figure 43: White sugar prices have increased since the beginning of the year ($/t)
Table 8: Energetic beverages predicting that our energy beverages industry is still in the process of increasing penetration, that the competition between the Chinese and Thai red bulls is driving the re-engineering of our energy beverages industry, that companies are plowing energy beverages at various brands, products and channels.
The company’s deep-seated nationalization expansion in Guangdong, while the company’s ever-widening product matrix is expanding, and the energy beverage track, which is growing for the company’s profit growth, is supposed to be valued at a premium, giving the company 50 xpe for 22 years.
In the past, any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, linked directly or indirectly to the specific recommendations or views in this report, and any form of written or verbal commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is null and void.
Investors should not simply rely on this report as a substitute for their own independent judgement, should make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. The company does not bear any direct or indirect loss or any other loss associated with the use of the material contained in this report.