A non-aerial development of a season of excellent performance at Shanghai Airport (6000009.ch)
The Shanghai airport recently released its financial report for the first quarter of 2019, which generated $2.77 billion in real business revenue, which is an increase in the target price of rmb74 (+9.6%)
The airline industry has maintained a small increase of 52 weeks ' maximum/minimum price (HK$):
In the first quarter of the year, according to data from the first quarter, 120,69 million landings were completed at Shanghai airport, an increase of 2.4 per cent, with 1,882.21 million passengers, an increase of 4.9 per cent, including 9.22 million domestic passengers, an increase of 5.5 per cent, and 7.9 million international passengers, an increase of 4.9 per cent, and 1.71 million people in the area, an increase of 2.3 per cent.
With 80,490,000 tons, or 9.1 per cent of the same decline, we predict that the aviation industry Shanghai Airports Ltd. will continue to grow at a lower medium-digit level than the same increase.
Starting in the first quarter of 2019, the Pudong T2 terminal introduced a new rate of 42.5 per cent, compared to 25 per cent in 2018.
Billion dollars, with an estimated 33% increase in total tax-free sales over the same period. We believe that the increase in the rate of deductions and the increase in sales significantly boosted the profitability of non-aerial services at Shanghai Airports, and was the main driving force behind the increase in performance in the first quarter of the year. The overall Māori rate for companies rose by 4.5 to 55.24% from 50.7% in the same period last year.
Prices have fallen, investment returns have increased by $85 million, and corporate rates have dropped markedly in the first quarter, with sales and management costs plus financial costs accounting for $1,162 million, compared to the same period last year, soce:aastock, phillipseurities (hk)research
The amount of $24.77 million fell by 53 per cent, mainly due to lower operating costs for the current period, the expiry of the fixed capital period, and a one-time fee for the same period of the year. Moreover, the investment returns were higher than the non-aerial services after the satellite hall was launched, owing to changes in accounting methods.
The three-phased expansion of the Pudong airport s1s2 is expected to be launched in September this year, with an additional 9062 square metres of tax-free space, and a new 1,000 square metres of tax-free space at the t1, t2 terminal, which is also expected to increase passenger shopping experience and fully release the company as a valuation premium for the Dragon Head New airport.
We've adjusted each share of the Shanghai airport for 2019-2020, based on robust non-aerial revenue growth projections.
(finalfiguresat9may2019) philipresearchstocksectionssystems wedonotbaseourcommunicationsdirectlyontheabovequantitativerternbands.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Only. philipsecuriteshasnotverifiednorsinformationandnorepresentationorwarranty, expressorimplied, Ismathatsuchinformationorresearchacurate, completeorverifieorsouldbelieduponsuch.anissuchinformationorresearchorcontainmentandpublicispubissuespubjecttochange.indoevenevential
philipsecritiesbeliableforanyspecial, indirect, incidentalconsequentialdamageswhoichmaybeurredfuseoftheinformationorresearchmade available, evenifithasbeenadvisefthepossibilityofsuchdamages.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
2019 philipsecurities (longkong) limited companynameinatingcoverage containing company
♪ Singapore malaysia japan ♪
philipcapicalmanagesdnbhd philipsecuritiesjapan, ltd phillipsecuritiespted
250thbridgeroad, #06-00rafflescitytower, b-3-6blockblevel3, meganavenueii, 4-2nihonbashikabutocho, Chuo-ku
No.12, jalanyapkwanseng, 50450kualumpur indonesia china
India ptphillipsecuitsindonesia phillipfinancialadvisory (shanghai)co.ltd.
philipcapital (india) privatelemited anztøwerlevel23b, jljendsudirmankav33a, no.1, 18thbroor, urmiestate, 95ganpatraokadammarg,
Jakarta 10220, indonesia
I'm sorry, I didn't tell you, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
king and shaxsonltd. 15thbroor, vorawatbuilding, 849silomroad, 3rdfloor, 35ruedelabienfaisance
6thloor, candlewickhouse, 120 cannonstreet silom, bangrak, bangkok 10500thailand 75008parisfrance
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, srilanka phillipfuturesinc.
Ashaphillipsecuritiesmited level10, 330 collinsstreet level4, millenniumhouse, 46/58 naavamawatha,
The chicagoboardoftradebuilding colombo2, srilanka chicago, l606004usa
Longkong phillipsecurities(hk)ltd 11/fedcentre95queenswayhongkong