The non-aeronautical industry continues to grow.
China Air Support Hong Kong (as at 29 March) target price of rmb67 (+7.2 per cent)
Shanghai airport revenues in 2018 were $9.313 billion, an increase of 15.5 per cent; mother-to-child revenues were $4.23 billion, an increase of 14.5 per cent, with a basic gain of $2.2 per share, slightly lower than our target of around 7.7 per cent.
Highest/minimum 52 weeks: The traffic at Shanghai airport was controlled in 2018, and air traffic recorded only an increase in the number of lower and medium places (landing and landings + 3.6%, passenger traffic + 5.6%). But it benefited from the in-air price increases, with the international share rising and wide.
The increase in the size of the system has been faster than the increase in the volume of the industry, which has increased by 6.58 per cent to $3.969 billion, and has largely sustained a steady increase.
Unlike the restricted airline industry, the company’s non-aerial business has been growing at a continuous high speed, with last year’s non-aerial business, with billions of dollars, benefiting mainly from higher international passenger spending, and companies’ continued commercial retail branding, management, land optimization, and restructuring. Over 3.5 billion of commercial rents come from tax-free shops, totals, and unit prices.
(300 yuan per person) recorded a high-speed increase of about 40% and 20% on the same scale, reflecting the growing role of the Pudong airport as a shopping hot spot for international travellers. Cost increases are contained in stable areas.
The cost of running a company is better controlled, except for operating costs. The total cost for the period is $4.57 billion, an increase of 9% over the same period. The cost of running a business is faster, with an increase of 28.6% to $1.91 billion over the same period and a 7.5% increase in manpower costs.
The increase in operating costs and the increase in commissioning fees and one-time maintenance fees resulting from the expansion of tax-free shops, the closing of the non-aerial space, the signing of a new tax-free contract at Shanghai Airport in September 2018 and the Tax-Free Japan Bank, the bottom of the insurance policy 2019-2025.
It's 41 billion dollars, with a 42.5 per cent withholding rate, and the tax-free surface has been raised from 6,600 square metres to 16,915 square metres, a significant increase of 156 per cent. We believe that, in the midst of the rising tide of outbound spending, the tax-free industry will open up the space for non-aerial company development, not only to provide a solid foundation for the next round of growth, but also to open up new business models.
The company is fully released as a value premium for the Dragon Head New Airport. Based on the strong non-aerial revenue growth forecast, we adjust each share of ebitda at Shanghai Airport in 2019.
Introduction of the 2020 forecast to increase the target price by 67 yuan, depending on the value of 17.3/16.8 times the value of 17.3.16.8 times the value of the valuation, in terms of source: bloomberg, company, philipsecuriteshonkongresearch
We don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know.
It's not like you're the only one who can't do it, but you're the only one who can do it, and you're the only one who can do it.
In this publicadellnoteproducedwholeorinpart, distraughtorpublished byyouforanypurpose.philipsecuriushallopromotableforanirector consequentyallosossarisalising fromanyuseofmaticcontainmentpublication. the informationcontainmentcontaininthispublicationhasbeenobotainedfrompublicsourserviceswichphilillipsecritieshasnoreassontobeliereunreliableandanyanyysis,
Forecasts, projects, externalsandopinionorwartty, expressorimplied, etc., etc., etc.
There's no other way to do this. There's no other way to do it. There's no way to do it. There's no way to do it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know if I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know, this publicity shouldnotbeletelieduponauthoritative with unfurtherbeing subject totheotherecipiensionandexerciseofjudgment.
Involvementistrissksandmaynetberealinvestors, andthannydecisiontomentorintotranctionsinvolvendsuchproductsshoulldnotemadeunlesall suchrisksareunderstoodaninpendenddetermination hasbeenmadehatsuchtransactionswouldapprietate.anydiscussionofsiscontainherein interspecttootheriscontain
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if you're going to be able to do it, but I don't know if you're going to do it, but I'm going to do it.
It's the only thing that's going to happen to me.
# I've got to go # #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go
phillipsecuritiespted 250northbridgeroad, #06-00rafflescitytower, b-3-6blockblevel3, meganavenueii,
4-2 nihonbashikabutocho, Chuo-ku no.12, Jalanyapkwanseng, 50450kualumpur indonesia
♪ china india ptphillipsecuitiesindonesia ♪
philipfinancialadvisory (shanghai)co.ltd.philipcapital (india) privatelimited anztowerlevel23b, jljendsudirmankav33a,
No.1, 18thbroor, urmiestate, 95ganpatraokadammarg, jakarta 10220, indonesia tailand
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
3rdfloor, 35ruedelabienfaisance 6thfloor, candlewickhouse, 120cannonstreet silom, bangrak, bangkok 10500thailand
75008parisfrance london, ec4n6as unted states
I don't know what you're talking about.
phillipcapitalaustralia ashaphillipsecuritiesmitted level10,330collinsstreet
Quevel4, mileniumhouse, 46/58 naavammawatha, the chicagoboardoftradebuilding colombo2, srilanka
Chicago, il6004usa longkong phillipsecurities(hk)ltd
11/Unitedcentre95queenswayhongkong