q1 performance growth driven by tax-exempt operations, year-round growth is expected to be sustained.
1.390 billion, an increase of 36.7 per cent over the same period, and 1.34 billion net profit on the realization of non-repatriation, an increase of 32.0 per cent over the same period.
127,000, an increase of 2.4 per cent, were 0.3 pct less than the same period last year. Of these, 66,000, an increase of 3.4 per cent, were flown by domestic aircraft; 64,000, an increase of 0.9 per cent, were flown by international and Australasia aircraft; and the proportion of international passengers decreased in terms of passenger throughput. Of these, 1,883 million, an increase of 4.9 per cent, were flown by q1 passengers.
The number of international and Australasia passengers amounted to 96.14 million, an increase of 4.4 per cent compared to the previous year, which was lower than the rate of overall ingestion, with international and regional passengers accounting for a slight drop of 0.2 to 51.04 per cent. The increase in the rate of transformation boosted the price of one passenger and the increase in q1 duty-free sales contributed to the accelerated growth of non-air operations. q1 benefits from the high rate of tax-free sales in Shanghai.
And with the implementation of the new cut-off rate, the q1 tax-free contract generated rent revenue of $1.01 billion, leading to an overall increase of 4.6 pct. We expect q1 tax-free sales revenue in Shanghai to exceed $3.6 billion, 28 per cent plus the same amount. In conjunction with the increase in international and regional passenger traffic at Pudong Airport, it is expected to increase by nearly 25 per cent.
The increase in the rate of tax-free passenger shopping conversion is driven by the fact that the amount of duty-free consumption per customer is not subject to sharp fluctuations. It is expected that with the opening of the satellite hall in the second half of the year, the rate of tax-free passenger shopping conversion at Pudong Airport is expected to increase further, and we estimate that the rate of duty-free passenger shopping conversion at the former Pudong Airport should be between 20-30%, while the rate at Incheon Airport is at the same time.
In the long run, with the expansion of the tax-free area and the improvement of the commodity structure, there is still much room for raising the unit price of the tax-free operation at Shanghai airport. Against a background of low penetration, the impact of the opening of the Shanghai store on the airport is expected to be limited.
The current rate of tax-free shopping penetration in our residents is only 20 per cent, while in Korea it is 70-80 per cent, so the liberalization of the municipal tax-free policy is aimed at boosting consumer consumption and expanding domestic demand by adding to, rather than reallocating, the stock. This means that the municipal tax-free shop and the airport duty-free shop are now more in competition.
More than ever, as the country’s highest-quality hub airport, the company’s current stock price is below White Cloud Airport (32x) for 19 years, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
1. Shanghai Airport (60.009): Tax exemption drives income growth, tax-free sales less than expected, and growth is not always as high as expected.Jon Qi, Dean of the Humanist Institute, and Dr. Vanderbilt University in Financial Mathematics, Dr. Johns Hopkins University, Bachelor of Arts, University of Gangdan, futures trading in Shanghai
After Dr. Ihwan, Research Assistant in Social Services and Transport of Civil Securities, and Master of Finance, University of Honji, have been engaged in social service research in the Seaton Securities, and airline companies in equity investment.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.