A significant increase of 2401 in comparison with the previous year, with a sustained increase in high growth.
The company disclosed its annual report for 2023 and its quarterly report for 2024. In 2023, the company achieved a quarterly rise in revenue and net profits in 2023, with a significant increase in non-net profits by 2401.
Actively regulating the utilization of productive capacity to achieve a quarterly rise in revenue and net profit. The fall in corporate revenue, net profit margin, 20241, was influenced by seasonal factors, with a double-digit increase and a significant 91.33 per cent increase in non-mortality net profit on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to part of the customer business.
In accordance with the Explanatory Notice No. 1, issued by the ICR on December 22, 2023, of the disclosure of company information on publicly issued securities, it is proposed to acquire 80% of the shares in the semiconductor, with a reserve layout, and receive a government subsidy of $18.96 million to account for the profits and losses of the current period.
Arithmetic capacity and car electronics lead layouts, China's sealing of non-recurring gains and losses, and government subsidies with a continuing impact on company gains and losses are listed as long-runs.
The remaining portion of the non-mortality net profit is maintained by 58.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, if government-subsidized items are excluded.
In 2023, the company continued to be a leader in the field of encapsulating and testing intellectual property, with effective patent holdings being the second largest in the world and the first in mainland China.
Long-term electricity technology ranks third among the top ten Osat manufacturers in the world, with a strong market position on mainland China, with an estimated 29.4 billion yuan in revenue. Continuing to enhance high-growth field layouts, car electronics/calculus/sustainability are more expensive.
Subsector: Automobile Electronics received over $300 million in 2023, an increase of 68 per cent in the same year. In the same period, the company further expanded its auto Electronics business by establishing the Long Electric Technology Automobile Electronics (Shanghai) Limited, which builds a large factory in China for the manufacture of electronic chips in specialized cars.
In the area of computing, according to idc data, total global investment in artificial intelligence is expected to reach $42.36 billion by 2027, with a combined annual growth rate of 26.9 per cent in the last five years, which is expected to boost the growth of the arithmetic industry. In the area of computing, the company has launched a high density of Xdfoichiplet.
The integrated series of processes has entered the production stabilization phase as planned, covering 2d, 2.5d, and 3d integrated technologies, and has been applied in high performance computing, artificial intelligence, 5g, auto electron, and so on, after continuous research and development and customer product certification. 3) The storage market is expected to become semiconductor 2024.
World semiconductor trade statistics organizations are expected to grow by 44.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis. On 4 March 2024, Long Electric Technology Management Ltd. signed an equity acquisition agreement with Western Department data to acquire 80 per cent of the stock of the Shaft semiconductor, thus widening storage.
According to Canalvs, 20241 global smartphones, pc, and pc are also growing by 11%/3.2%.
End recovery trends have been validated. As consumer market demand stabilizes, the storage market warms, artificial intelligence and heat-point applications such as high performance computing drive, the global semiconductor market is expected to return to growth in 2024. Companies continue to increase their production capacity while at the same time improving their performance.
Long area layout contributes to sustained growth dynamics and is expected to contribute to further profitability. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: taking into account that downstream end demand is still in a phase-by-phase recovery phase, corporate profitability phase pressure, we adjust to company performance in the first quarter of 2024
Risk factors: downstream terminal recovery is not as expected; domestic ai industrial chains are not as developed as expected; technological R & D is not as expected; market competition is increasing; and overseas market volatility is at risk.