Long-power technology (600584.sh) Temperatures are gradually warming, accelerating the deployment of cars, storage and arithmetic.
huhui2@guosen.com.cn Performance increased by the same year mainly due to an increase in some client business and an increase in the capacity utilization ratio; a decrease in the ring ratio was 098052100001
Mainly as a result of increased corporate input in the field of advanced technology. -3.3pct., performance is driven by weak global end-market demand, and the semiconductor industry is in a downwards-week period, resulting in lower customer demand and lower capacity utilization.
A car electronics company has been set up and purchased to speed up the deployment of car electronics and storage chips. In March 2023, the Department set up a joint venture company, Motor Motors Electronics, which covers smart cabins, smart web links, adas, sensors, and others.
In a number of applications, such as power devices, and further consolidated fund II, Shanghai National Investment Corporation, Shanghai Fund II, etc., increased to $4.8 billion to speed up the construction of a large-scale, highly automated production vehicle, advanced containment base for the finished chips, which is expected to take over in the rapid development of the new semiconductor market.
According to the lead. In March 2024, the company proposed to buy 80 per cent of its share in the semiconductor (Shanghai) with $624 million in cash, increasing the containment of advanced flash storage products and testing the output layout, while further strengthening its partnership with the global storage of Western data for giants, or would benefit from improved chip storage.
Long Power Technology (600584.sh) - To acquire the West's data flag, the Lighthouse Plant, for high-performance computing needs in the 'i ' era, and high-density multi-dimensional isomer integration. With the generation of the 'i' vs. Long Power Technology (600584.sh) - The fourth quarter performance continues to recover -
Annually, $2.22 billion went up to $16.05 billion in 2028. The company introduced a high density of xdf01, Long Electricity Technology (600584.sh) - a 31% increase in three-quarter harvests, which is considered to be advanced, and multi-dimensional isomer-integrated series of processes that have stabilized production at many of its factories.
Long Power Technology (600584.sh) - Second quarter performance improved significantly, with high density, multi-panded high-density isomer Isolation Resolution, using the concept of co-design to achieve Long Power Technology (600584.sh) - 206 - 297 per cent net profit ring growth in the second quarter.
The chips are integrated and tested, covering 2d, 2.5d, and 3d integrated technologies. The company continues to promote the development and production of diversification programmes, including rewiring, silicon and silicon bridges as intermediates.
Investment proposals: The world’s leading producers of manufactured integrated circuits and technology maintain a “buy-in” rating. The rate of return to Maori in the sealing industry is slower than we had previously expected, and companies will accelerate research and development and capacity-building inputs in advanced areas of packaging such as high performance accounting, automobile electronics, etc., or lead to further cost increases.
Figure 1: Companies ' annual operating income and rate of increase in the same year, Figure 2: Companies ' quarterly operating income and rate of increase in the same year, Figure 3: Companies ' annual net profit return and rate of increase in the same year
Figure 4: Quarterly parent net profits and the same rate of increase for companies Figure 6: Corporate Māori Rates, Net Interest Rates Author ' s assurance that data used in reporting are derived from compliance channels; logic of analysis is based on author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author