Long-power technology (600584.sh) Electronic integrated circuit ii 2304 battalion, one season high, sustained investment in research and development in key areas
Four quarters of them are back on track and up to an all-time high. Companies have been developing with global clients in high-performance, advanced envelopes with high-density system-class envelopes, large-sized inverted envelopes, crystal-circle envelopes, related revenues, production capacity building, high-end communications, industrial electronics, third-generation semiconductors, etc.
Automobile electronics continued to grow at a high rate in terms of technological capabilities, number of customers, with a 68% increase in revenue from related businesses in 2023, and the construction of the first prototype chip manufacturing flagship factory in Shanghai accelerated. The company’s business income in 2023 was broken down by market application area: telecommunications.
Sub-total 43.9 per cent, consumer electronics 25.2 per cent, computing electronics 14.2 per cent, industrial and medical electronics 4.1 pcts lower, computing electronics 3.2 pcts lower, industrial and medical electronics 0.8 pcts lower, motor electronics increase sustained research and development investment focusing on key applications such as high performance operations/communications/car electronics.
Inflows amounted to $1.44 billion, an increase of 9.7 per cent over the same period, and R & D inputs were concentrated in high performance calculations (hpc) 2.5d advanced envelopes, radiosip/aip, car electronics, and other emerging high-growth markets. (1) High performance calculations: companies continued to promote diversification programmes in R & D and production, including rewiring (rdl) transfer panels, silicon switchboards and silicon bridges.
The three technology pathways of the intermediary layer, covering the current market mainstream 2.5dchiplet programme and having been produced under the umbrella of the group, the Sun Peak subsidiary will further promote the Xdfoi technology and invest in 3d, storage chips and photovoltaic seals.
(cpo) Encapsulation R & D. (2) Communications: the company completes the development and production of the new generation millimetre wave program and the Wifi and 5g Wang Haewi Radio Frequency Modules. The 2024 long-range electrical technology will continue to focus on the world ' s leading radio frequency
The next generation of containment techniques for testing capabilities, with differential competition. (3) Automobile electrons: breakthroughs in radar aip chip development using fan-form envelopes, multiple design validations by company design service radio frequency laboratories in collaboration with clients. Companies can now use semi-stabilized organic plate types of fccsp for wrapping and polyamide reforming.
Long-power technology: China's Hua-yun will provide a variety of custom-made high-performance encapsulation solutions to car radars for actual control, industry, enhancing the company's advantages in vehicle sensors, integrating resources or highlighting -- Hua-Kin securities-electronic-long electrical systems.
With the construction of the company's terminal car electronics plant, the group synchronized the installation of car chips at the Jiangyang factory, sealed on a test line, focusing on the implementation of high-speed integrated circuits for vehicles and the completion of the power-driven module for new energy vehicles.
Full-package solutions, including those for automated productivity upgrades and product-wide process traceability, have been initiated in 2024 with regard to the high-capacity modules of the Sic, which are expected to improve continuously in performance.
Complete in the first half of the year, and provide samples of the core new-energy auto-drive module to clients in the second half of the year. Long-electric technology: total q4 orders were restored to the same period last year, covering high/medium/low class semiconductor seals, providing high-end customised envelope testing solutions and acillary capacity.
The current semiconductor microsystem integration and encapsulation testing service provided by the Multi-Sector Growth Power-Haokin Securities-Electronic-Long Electric Division covers a wide range of semiconductor sealing types, covering a wide range of end-market applications of semiconductor products and in Korea, Singapore, Jiangyang, Jiangzhou, China.
Long-power technology: The xdfoi platform is supported by a global operation centre with a clear division of labour, technical features and competitive advantages. In 5g communication class, storage/car trio -- Joaquin securities -- electronics -- company depth --
High-performance computing, consumption, automobiles and industry leading semiconductors advanced containment techniques (e.g., sip, wl-csp, fc, ewlb, pip, pop and xdfoi series) and mixed signal/long-power technology: q3 performance ring significantly improved, advanced seals
Radio frequency integrated circuit tests and resource advantages, with mass output of scale. Clients can be provided with a system integrated envelope. Portfolios/business structures can be converted to higher value added applications - counting technology development, product certification, crystal circle measurements, crystal-class intermediate containment tests, system-grade containment tests and cores.
Joaquin + Electronics + Long Electric Technology + Fast-Survey full-scale chip finished product manufacturing one-stop service. The investment proposal is that, given the current recovery in the semiconductor sector, we adjust our expectations for the company’s original performance.
The XdfoiTM full series of products, with a high-density multi-dimensional isomer integration series of chiplet entering a steady quantitative production stage as planned, with a continued demand for advanced packaging in future markets such as arithmetic/sustainability/car, and the consolidation of industrial resources, such as scaffolding semiconductor/hua-channels, with advantages or highlights, and maintenance of the buy-a proposal.
This is due to the risks of industrialization; the availability of primary raw materials and the risk of price changes.