2024q1 performance increased on a year-to-year basis, industry recovery + advanced envelope-driven growth Long power technology (600584.sh) 260404
• Terminal operations or gradual recovery, advanced envelopes with coded R & D layout. Since the second half of 2023, customer demand has been gradually warming and business performance has been rebounding; 2024q1 company continues to develop robustly, stock turnover remains healthy, communications electronics, computing electronics, consumer-type electricity
The same ratio +23.4% has increased investment in advanced technology. The multidimensional sill integration xdfoi technology platform has stabilized production in several factories, providing domestic and foreign customers with advanced envelopes for small chip structures, solutions to cover high performance computing, high bandwidth storage, etc.
The combination of arithmetic, ai and electricity is expected to pick up in a sustained recovery in crop rates, driven by hotspot applications such as artificial intelligence and high-performance computing, as consumer market demand stabilizes, and by multiple factors such as market de-stocking and storage market incentives, the year 2024 is projected to be global.
The semiconductor market will return to growth. The company plans to maintain its focus on high-calculation and storage applications, on the side of Camp 2023q4 Ring Growth, multi-area ai, power devices, and energy systems.
The Bureau contributes to the long-term development of corporate information updates, building core competitiveness. It is also active in expanding head-client projects to further increase market ownership.
With the semiconductor cycle recovery, we expect a sustained improvement in the company’s crop rate in 2024, and the size of the harvest is raised by the proposed acquisition of a distillor semiconductor, enhanced storage seal, which is expected to lead to a further increase in net profits.
The ability to keep up with the waves - company updates.