The long wind breaks out sometimes, and the clouds and sails lead to the end of the sea. Events: 1 April 2022 Beijing Time, 2021 annual report of the tires, annual report, 601058
According to the company’s annual report, in 2021, the company achieved an operating income of 17,998 million yuan, an increase of 16.84 per cent over the same year, influenced by a number of adverse factors, including higher freight costs, higher raw materials prices, and the Vietnam epidemic.
The company also maintained an increase in production, sales and sales revenues, further mentioning that Hong East has increased its share of the global tyre market. In terms of net profits, in 2021, the company became a part of the world.
Starting in the second quarter of 2021, the sharp rise in international shipping fees and the strain on container capacity led to a fall in corporate profits in the single quarter, with a three-quarter rebound in Viet Nam, which led to a decline in the start-up rate of the factory in Viet Nam, in addition to the above-mentioned factors, and the company ' s three-quarter profits being almost equal to the two-quarters and four-quarters.
The net profits of the company have stopped falling back, and it needs to be noted that the growth of the company ' s four-quarter profit ring is further evidence of the company ' s external predicament, as measured by the single-quarter profits of the calendar year, from a low-season season usually for the tyre industry in the four quarters and the first quarter, which is usually lower than the three-quarter profits.
Sea freight pressure is expected to cool off. Ship exports faced port congestion and container constraints in 2021, resulting in a significant increase in shipping costs.
Year after year, we observed that US port congestion was dissipating at a faster rate than the market expected, and that the Chinese-American shipping cycle was returning to normal and the stress situation would be repaired. The world’s largest container shipping company, Musky, issued a financial report on 9 February 2022, and it was achieved in 2021.
Tax depreciation and net profit before amortization is $24 billion. And the current market situation is expected to continue.
So, we think that 2021 is an important source of corporate profits, and rubber prices have fallen. From the market price of natural rubber in Kichon for almost three years.
In the last three years, the price peaks were in February and March of 21 years, amounting to $14,633 and $14,392 per ton, respectively. In the first four months of 22 years, the price of natural rubber was higher than in the same year as in the same year as in Sunda.
In addition to falling seasons, the pattern of short-term stress on the supply and demand of natural rubber has improved.
The price increase is relatively small, the company's synthetic rubber is mainly purchased from China. In view of the purchase price and the difficulty of preparing the goods, the prices are now relatively stable, there are no supply pressures, and the price of crude oil is for synthetic glue.
In aggregate, the pressure on the company in terms of raw materials is expected to be stable. Viet Nam’s disease shackles are lifted and overseas factories are recovering. 21 years q3, Vietnam’s epidemic is out of control in the context of Delta’s degenerative strains and the easing of quarantine measures.
“Segregation” measures have had a significant impact on the economy and society in the country, and Ho Chi confirmed that the number of points in Viet Nam fell rapidly from 1,420 on 2 July 2021 to 1244 on 19 July, and that factories in Viet Nam were also affected by policies to control the epidemic, resulting in a decrease in the production capacity ratio.
Viet Nam's shift from a “zero infection” strategy to a “new normal” strategy to control the epidemic has been accompanied by assistance from countries like China, where the 21-year q4 outbreak in Viet Nam has contained the economic shock, domestic recovery, production and exports, and Ho Chi's evidence of Viet Nam's rising index, which resumed on October 27th.
With the improvement of the Vietnam epidemic, the company’s plant’s capacity has improved significantly, not only from 21 years ago q3 but also from the 21st quarter, and has recovered from a breakthrough. In 22 years q1, Viet Nam has taken the new coronary pneumonia from the category A infectious disease list.
In the light of Vietnam’s epidemic and the company’s production of Vietnamese factories, restrictions on companies have been lifted, and the company’s factories in Viet Nam are expected to fully release their capacity, contribute their performance and contribute to the future.
The company now has four factories, Qingdao, Tungbang, Shenyang, and Xianyuan, with a real annual production capacity of 7.3 million whole steel and 34.5 million 1/2 million steel.
Steel tires, 50,000 tons of non-road tyres; overseas there are two production bases in Vietnam and Cambodia, which currently produce 4.25 million full steel, 12.5 million half steel and 50,000 tons of non-road wheels. According to the company’s production planning, the company is currently building capacity, both domestically and internationally, and is building in the country.
The target is expected to reach production in 22 years, with an additional 2.4 million full steel, 8.5 million half steel and 10,000 tons of non-road tyres per year. Three rounds of overseas Vietnam (1 million full steel, 4 million half steel and 50,000 non-road tyres) and the Cambodian project (1.65 million full steel and 9 million)
In March 2022, the company's brand-new Cambodian steel tire project was located on the south side of road 1 in Cambodia, and transiting Viet Nam without opening doors, the company could fully benefit from existing tyre production techniques and human and material resources combined with Cambodia's own low tax rates.
In November, Germany released the results of a month-long, 10,000-kilometre-long live vehicle test at the fourth international Chinese import fair: liquids.
The 100-km combined consumption of gold tyres is 18.26 per cent lower than the best feedback from the first international brand on the Chinese heavy card market, 16.56 per cent lower than the best domestic brand on the Chinese heavy card market, and lower than the main sales of the same product from the first domestic brand on the side market.
11.24%. In December, the company joined the New Energy Motors Development Service Centre in Guangdong Province and a new energy taxi in Shenzhen Nanshan, and the test showed that 100 km of liquid gold tyres consumed 12.26% less than their original cotted tires (equivalent to 2.04 degrees).
Whether it's all steel or half steel, whether it's a fuel truck or a new energy truck, is highly recognized in the market, and in 2022 the company's liquid gold product is expected to further increase its market share and achieve some gains in overseas markets.
\triangleright Risk factors: 1. Risks that new production capacity will fail to materialize as expected and that rubber prices will fluctuate significantly. Zhang Yansheng, Bachelor of High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Finance, Beijing University, seven years of management experience of the China Chemical Group.
In March, it officially joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the chemical industry, in the petrochemical and basic chemical industries. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.