Wheel tires (601058.sh) Leather factors are expected to ease.
In 2021, the profits fell in comparison with the year, as a result of maritime constraints and a sharp rise in raw materials. In 2021, the company achieved 17,998 million yuan (+16.84 per cent of the year); a net profit on repatriation of 1.313 billion yuan (+11.97 per cent of the year). Of that amount, q4 earned 4,753 million yuan (+3.5 per cent of the quarter), net of which the return was net.
The tyre industry as a whole has been affected by maritime constraints and rising prices of raw materials, with companies selling tyres at a 19.9 per cent interest rate throughout the year, down by 9.45 pct. Maritime tensions have eased and raw materials prices are on the decline.
It is expected to begin to ease in the second half of the year, but since March 22 22, the shipping bill as a whole has shown a more pronounced downward trend, with freight base prices down 12 per cent and 17 per cent from Shanghai to East and West, respectively, in table caoyi1@guosen.com.cn
In terms of raw materials, the market had expected high oil prices to drive up the price of some raw materials in 22 years, but in the current situation, there was no significant upturn in the prices of raw materials, synthetic rubber, and tyre companies would use long periods in the procurement process.
The model of the agreement stabilizes costs, so we believe that raw materials are expected to return to a steady downward trend in 22 years, leading to a gradual recovery of the profitability of the tyre industry. Tyre sales continue to grow, and new plants are time-limited. The company produced 45.4 million tyres in 2021.
The increase in sales of tyres is mainly due to the gradual release of new production capacity in the company Vietnam, Shenyang, and the mill, which will continue to grow in 22 years, and will be the biggest increase in the company's factory in Cambodia this year.
Liquid golden tires are a bright spot for the company, and liquid yellow tyres have successfully addressed the problems of rolling tires that have plagued the industry for many years, the resistance to wet-sliding, the ability to grind, the hard-to-work "demon triangle" that makes cars safer, more energy-efficient and more comfortable.
Five trucks equipped with liquid gold tyres 3 litres of oil per tyre, liquid gold wheels, and the same type of product that has the best feedback from the domestic brand on the Chinese heavy card market, with an annual fuel saving of 14,000 litres/car, a fuel saving of 92,000 yuan/car, a reduction in CO2 emissions of 37.6 tons; a rental vehicle, measured by a tram
Cars use 100 km of gold tyres at 2.04 degrees per year, saving electricity by $4,284 a year. We believe that, as liquid gold tires continue to spread, their superiority will gradually be accepted by the market, leading to corporate gain.
The market for liquid golden-borns has not been as popular as expected. No gains in 2021, mainly due to the high cost of raw materials and maritime constraints.
The Division achieved operating income of $17,998 million (year-on-year +16.84 per cent); the net return to the mother of $1.313 billion (year-on-year, to sea-sea tension and price increases for raw materials, among other things, was hit by a 19.9 per cent decline in the company ' s annual gross margin for the sale of tyres.
Sea transport tensions have eased, and raw materials prices have been falling. We judge that sea transport tensions are expected to begin to ease in the second half of the year, but since March 22 years, the overall shipping costs have shown a more pronounced downward trend, with freight base prices from Shanghai to the United States of America and the United States of America down 12 and 17 per cent, respectively, indicating sea transport tensions.
For raw materials, the market had expected high oil prices to drive up the price of some raw materials in 22 years, but for the time being, the main raw materials did not show significant price increases in natural rubber, synthetic rubber, and tyre companies used the LTA model to stabilize costs in the procurement process, so we did.
In 2021, the company produced 45.4 million tyres, an increase of 6.56 per cent over the same period; sales reached 4,362,000, an increase of 4.98 per cent over the same period.
The company’s new production capacity in Vietnam, Shenyang, and the mill will continue for 22 years, and the company’s factory in Cambodia will be the biggest growth point this year. The market for liquid gold is expected to grow.
New materials have been developed autonomously to produce low-carbon green tire products - liquid gold tyres. Liquid gold tyres have succeeded in solving the problem of the “demon triangle” that has plagued the industry for many years with rolling resistance, water-resistant, miller-resistant, and thus safer, more energy-efficient, more comfortable vehicles. At the same time, liquid gold tyres have been selected for use in raw materials.
The production, use and recycling of products has achieved green, low-carbon and sustainable flow of 100 km of combined oil for liquid gold tyres throughout the life cycle of manufacturing, product use and recycling, which is 18.26 per cent lower than the best international brand feedback in China ' s heavy card market and 16.56 per cent lower than the best domestic brand feedback in China ' s heavy card market.
The average temperature of liquid gold tyres is 11.24 per cent lower than that of domestic front-line brands for the same products in the apparel market; the average temperature of liquid gold tyres is 5.4 °c, 5.1 °c and 15.71 °c lower than for the aforementioned three categories of products (under the same driving conditions, the temperature of tyres is lower, meaning that tyres have a longer useful life).
Social benefits, according to the above-mentioned real-car test data, based on oil prices of $6.5 per litre, a reduction of 2.66 kg of carbon dioxide emissions per litre saved, a measurement of 200,000 km per year, and a comparison of liquid gold tyres with domestic first-line products, the best-feeded product in China ' s heavy-card market, with an annual savings of 14,000 litres/car, and a saving of 92,000 dollars
Test results show that 100 km of liquid gold tyres consume 12.26% less electricity than their original combustible tyres. At the end of 2020, there were about 21,000 new Shenzhen energy cruise taxis, and about 63,000 new energy grids.
If all of these vehicles use liquid gold tyres, calculated on the basis of the above-mentioned test data, about 17.14 million degrees of electricity can be saved per 100 km.The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author