Taking advantage of the 145,000 new productive opportunities in Shandong, the gold reserves of the race wheel liquids are ready, the feasibility study for the 10,000 high-performance midday and 150,000 tons of non-road tyres project, and the feasibility study for the Qingdao family on the 500,000 tons of new functional material (0.2 million tons) per year.
Qingdao's family produces 30 million high-performance midday and 150,000 tons of non-road tyres per year, capable of producing 10 million steel meridian tyres per year, 20 million steel meridian tyres per year and 150,000 tons of non-road tyres per year, which are planned to be built in five instalments from 2022 to 2027, with a project phase of 50,000
Zhang Yansheng Tung/year non-road tyres are scheduled to be produced in 2023.
The materials project, which consists of 1# glue-recording workshop, 2# glue-recording workshop, 3# rubber-recording workshop, raw materials repository and ancillary public engineering facility, is planned to be constructed in two phases, one of which will consist of a 200,000-ton annual functional new material project, including a 1# rubber-recording workshop, ancillary public engineering facility and an 18-month construction cycle.
In the context of the 14th Five-Year Plan, seize the opportunity for additional capacity.
A series of policy documents, such as the Implementation Scheme for the Production of Chlor-alkali Fertilizers in Tires in Shandong Province, and the Work Programme on Inefficient and Poor Production in the Tyre Industry throughout Shandong Province, have been developed to optimize the structure of the tyre industry, promote industrial health development and encourage production through “upscaling” and “reduce replacements”
The company's tyre project was created in a context of stringent energy consumption and production indicators, which were set up ahead of time to prepare for future expansion of production capacity.
On top of that, companies have prioritized the construction of high barriers, more profitable non-road tyres, 20 million steel tyres per year and 10 million steel tires per year, depending on the market situation.
\triangleright layouts new materials, making full use of liquid gold technology.
The new materials project is equivalent to bringing the process of refining into a factory, which would better ensure consistency in the quality of the product. The first phase of the new 200,000-ton annual functional material project is matching the capacity of the new 70-ton liquid gold material, and the future company will follow the new functional material project.
Swords: New White Horses, New Consumption 2021.2 Liquid gold tyres are ready for production and capacity planning is advancing steadily. "Little gold" tyres are solved.
The three indicators of the wheel speed-leading industry, Shenyang 3.3 million whole steel tires, traditional tire resistance, rolling resistance and grinding resistance that cannot be raised at the same time: "Demons in early delivery", 2020.11.
Triangular problems, safety, oil conservation, and environmental performance have increased significantly to the level of the EU labelling code, aaa, and are currently the only aaa product in China that meets the national tyre labelling classification criteria. According to the results of the road fuel consumption tests conducted by international third-party authorities, “liquid gold”
The 100-km combined steel oil consumes 18 per cent of the world's first-line brand tyres; the project-designed "Liquid Sinda Securities Company Ltd. " tyre products can save 1,048 million tons of oil over the life cycle (approximately 11 large).
It reduces carbon dioxide emissions by 32.29 million tons. At the same time, tyres are well retreaded.
It reduces the production of waste and the consumption of raw materials and carbon emissions throughout the life cycle. Qingdao's family produces 30 million high-performance midday and 150,000 tons of non-road tyres per year. The company's “number” of liquid yellow and gold tyres takes down production and energy consumption targets. Qingdao's family produces 500,000 tons per year.
The new materials project (a 200,000 tons phase) has concentrated the process of refining liquid gold materials to better ensure the “quality” of liquid gold tyres. Both projects are a demonstration of liquid gold, and the company will focus on the future of liquid gold for industrial upgrading, from quality to quality.
The risk factors are: 1; the risk of less than expected level of production of new capacity; and the risk of large fluctuations in rubber prices. \triangleright
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and seven years of experience in the management of the China Chemical Group. In March, China formally joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the chemical industry, in the petrochemical industry and in the basic chemical industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.