Wheel tires (601058.sh) Improved performance ring, basic invertable period, base chemicals, rubber.
In the first quarter of 2022, the performance ring improved and is expected to continue to be repaired. In the first quarter of 2022, companies achieved operating revenues of $4,863 million, or +2.31 per cent, and a net profit of $322 million, or +354 per cent, from mothers.
The company's performance is better than we expected, and the repression of the fundamentals of the future is expected to be eased gradually, with some easing of maritime tensions, and the turning point now. Since March of this year, the shipping bill as a whole has been on the order of 0980521020002.
The more obvious downside points suggest a reduction in maritime tensions, which can also be seen in the volume of corporate sales, which reach 11 million tyres per quarter, with a ring ratio of 8.34%. But the overall shipping price is still high, and we judge that a real improvement in maritime traffic tensions is likely to occur.
For raw materials, the market had anticipated high oil prices for 22 years without any significant upswings in natural rubber, synthetic rubber, and tyre businesses were purchasing 275.25 million yuan.
New production and liquid gold tires are time-limited. In terms of production capacity, this year’s company, Vietnam, Shenyang, and the factory in the mills.
New production capacity will continue to grow, and factories in Cambodia will also be the biggest growth point this year. On the product side, liquid gold tires are a big highlight of the company's product, successfully addressing the problem of the “demon triangle” that has plagued the industry with years of tyre rolling resistance, humid-sliding performance, and grind-resistant performance, which we believe is difficult to reconcile with fluids.
The continued spread of the body golden tires, whose advantages will gradually be accepted by the market, will lead to the company’s profitability and less than expected promotion of the liquid golden birth market.
Wheel tires - 601058 - In-depth report: National tyre runners, accelerated expansion of production capacity 4863 million won in the first quarter of 2022, with a ring ratio of +231 per cent, and a mother ' s net profit of 322 million won, with a ring ratio of +354 per cent. The market was previously more concerned about the potential for performance due to seaborne constraints and rising raw materials prices.
There must be a negative impact, but the company’s performance is better than we expected, and the repression of the fundamentals of the future is expected to ease gradually, leading to a sustained repair of the company’s performance. Since March of this year, the shipping bill as a whole has shown a more visible drop point, indicating a tense sea transport situation.
There has been some easing, and there has been an improvement in corporate sales, which have reached 11 million tyres in a quarter, with the ring ratio + 8.34%. But the overall shipping price is still high, and we judge that the real improvement in maritime traffic tensions may occur in the second half of the year.
With regard to raw materials, before the market expected high oil prices to drive up the price of some raw materials in 22 years, it was better than expected. In the current raw materials situation, natural rubber, synthetic rubber, did not show significant price increases, and tyre companies used the long-term agreement model to stabilize costs in the procurement process, so we believe.
The prospect of a steady decline in raw materials in 22 years has led to a gradual recovery of the profitability of the tyre industry.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject