Event: On April 29, 2022, Beijing time, a round tires report was published in the first quarter of 2022. The company ' s track tires (601058) achieved operating income of $4,863 million in the first quarter of 2022, an increase of 17.21 per cent over the previous year, resulting in a higher level of ownership.
Zhang Yinsheng 22q1 continues to repair the ring comparison, and q1 is expected to return to a two-way growth track. The tyre industry in our country began to change dramatically in q2 in 2021, with domestic demand falling, while overseas demand is strong but sea-wide.
In 2021, industries and companies generally experienced a decline in profits. The effects of the Vietnam epidemic subsided at the end of 2021, and the Vietnam epidemic began in early 2022.
The company’s factory in Viet Nam recovered rapidly when Hong Young-dong ended. Maritime tensions were also at the end of 22q1 billion, again growing ring-to-ring for two consecutive quarters.
In terms of revenue, the company also achieved four consecutive quarterly round increases that were unique to the industry. Revenue growth, representing the company's greater share of the market, reduced the difficulties of making the business more profitable and expected the company's performance in the next quarter and beyond.
Shipping costs are expected to return to normal in the second half of the year, and corporate pressure on shipping will subside. Ship exports faced port congestion and container constraints in 2021, resulting in a significant increase in shipping costs.
The pressure on shipping is reflected in high transport capacity and high freight costs, which have a negative impact on the company’s operations. We anticipate that the pressure to account for shipping costs will begin to subside in the second half of 2022. On the one hand, we observe that, since 2022, congestion in United States ports has been dissipating at a faster rate than expected in the market.
On the other hand, the performance expectations of shipping companies and maritime-related indices support our judgment. The world’s largest container shipping company, Maski, is based on the assumption that maritime operations will return to normal in the second half of 2022.
A performance forecast for 2022 was made, while the prospects for growth in global container demand ranged from 2% to 9727 points for the wheel speed-leading industry, Shenyang 3.3 million whole steel tyres. Therefore, we believe that 2021 has a significant impact on corporate profits.
The company currently has four factories, Qingdao, Dong-bang, Shen-yang, and Xin-Yang, with a real annual production capacity of 7.3 million whole steel and 34.5 million half.
Steel tires, 50,000 tons of non-road tyres; overseas there are two production bases in Viet Nam and Cambodia, and currently the real Sunda Stock Company Ltd. has an annual capacity of 4.25 million full steel, 12.5 million half steel and 50,000 non-road wheels.
According to the company's production plan, the company is currently building capacity at home and abroad.
The target is expected to reach production in 22 years, with an additional 2.4 million full steel, 8.5 million half steel and 10,000 tons of non-road tyres per year. Three rounds of overseas Vietnam (1 million full steel, 4 million half steel and 50,000 non-road tyres) and the Cambodian project (1.65 million full steel and 9 million)
In March 2022, the company's brand-new Cambodian steel tire project was located on the south side of road 1 in Cambodia, and transiting Viet Nam without opening doors, the company could fully benefit from existing tyre production techniques and human and material resources combined with Cambodia's own low tax rates.
In November 2021, tüv \triangleright, Germany.
At the 4th China International Import Fair, Rhine released the results of a month-long, 10,000-kilometre-long live vehicle test: 100-km combined liquid gold tyres consumed 18.26 per cent less than the international first-line brand, and the best-recorded product in China's heavy-card market, with the national first-line brand in the middle.
In December, the company joined with the Guangdong New Energy Motors Service Centre and Shenzhen Nansan Transport Company to conduct a tour of the Shenzhen Green Road.
On a trial basis, four new energy taxis were selected for this test, which showed that 100 km of liquid gold tyres consumed 12.26% less than their original combustible tyres (equivalent to 2.04 degrees). The company ' s liquid gold tyres products, whether in whole or semi-steel, in fuel trucks or in new energy vehicles, were reduced by 12.26%.
Measuring results are highly recognized in the market, and corporate liquid gold products are expected to further increase their market share and achieve gains in overseas markets in 2022. Risk factors: 1, the risk that new production capacity will not materialize as much as expected, and the risk that rubber prices will fluctuate significantly.
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and seven years of experience in the management of the China Chemical Group. In March, China formally joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the chemical industry, in the petrochemical industry and in the basic chemical industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.