(a) Reasons for reporting: periodic reports;
Significant growth in product sales drives growth in performance, and the profitability of refining operations highlights the fact that on August 13, 2020, 20 million tons of constant/year refined integration projects increased the company ' s continued profitability.
In 2020, H1 earned 67,358 million yuan, an increase of 59.11 per cent in comparison with the previous year; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company rose by 5,517 million yuan, an increase of 37.20 per cent from the previous year.
By sub-product, the first half of the company's market data are as follows: on August 13, 2020, revenues from finished oils amounted to $6.708 billion; revenues from chemicals amounted to $31.22 billion; and pta revenues amounted to $31.22 billion.
Prices for pta and polyesters have declined over the same period last year. For raw materials, corporate crude oil flats in the first half of the year.
The crude oil reserve capacity of about 6 million tons provides some assurance of a consistent refining II, net asset return (spoiling): 14.09 per cent over-profit capacity at low-cost locking of crude oil in reservoirs in the third quarter.
Māori sales have increased, and the cost rate has increased over the period as a result of borrowing interest expenditure. 1) In 2020, tons of tons/year refined integration projects were operating efficiently and steadily, significantly optimizing and upgrading corporate business integration structures and continued profitability. 2) The cost for company h1 in 2020 was 6.85 per cent, compared to 6.85 per cent for the year 2020.
The ethylene project is expected to make a profit to the company in the second half of the year, and the total polyester production capacity will exceed its annual output.
\triangleright Intercentre, seven floors, more than 4 million tonnes.
Substitution and commercialization will make a profit to the company, and the ethylene project will be put into operation in a way that will allow Shanxi Securities Company Ltd. to take full advantage of the major refining strategy agreements between the two business segments of ethylene and refining integration projects.
Value-to-business synergies have further enhanced the company’s industrial and long-term profitability. The company’s polyester production is now above 3 million tons per year and is expected to yield 600,000 tons of polyesters, Poy’s new capacity and 330,000 tons in the second half of the year.
Pbat degradable plastic production capacity, which is expected to be released in 2021, will have a total company polyester production capacity of more than 4 million tonnes per year, will continue to increase polyester production capacity, and will be significantly enhanced in market support for the upstream petrochemical raw materials industry.
The company actively promoted the second repurchase of shares, while completing the annual distribution of interests in 2019, with a single cash share of the highest amount ever paid. The company implemented the second repurchase plan, with a total of no less than RMB 500 million and no more than RMB 1 billion. In addition, the company completed the repurchase.
By steadily and continuously rewarding investors, sharing growth gains with company shareholders, and actively promoting second stock buy-backs to enhance market confidence, the company is the only private-owned “oil-px-pta-polyester” in the industry.
\triangleright Company, 100% equity capacity to ensure corporate refining, profitability of ethylene operations and upstream material control, plus fast-moving ethylene, pta, polyester new materials, etc.
The present report is presented independently and objectively with the risk of large fluctuations in prices of raw materials and products, lower downstream demand than expected, wind risk of digestive production, and less than expected risk of project delivery. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
I undertake not to use the information available in my identity, position and practice for personal gain or for the benefit of others.