The Division achieved business income of $67,358 million, an increase of 59.11 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother.
The company's business income grew by 37.20 per cent in the first half of the year, and its performance was slightly higher than expected. The main reason was that the company's chemical production was at full prices, mainly because of the gradual easing of the domestic epidemic in the second quarter, the consolidation of oil prices, and the company's gradual repair of oil prices.
All sales were quickly responded to. At the same time, the company began construction of a new 360,000 cubic metres of crude oil tank in two phases of 2 to 4 million cubic metres in March, with the condition of reserve oil at the end of June, plus 3.2 million cubic metres of tank area available in one phase.
Resources, constant refining, which currently together has a crude oil reserve capacity of about 6 million tons, significantly enhances the company ' s operating space in oil procurement to optimize, to a certain extent, the ability of constant refining to over-profit with low-cost locking of crude oil in reservoirs in the second and third quarters.
The successful completion of the Ethylene Project, which will bring additional amounts to the company in the future: the company ' s 1.5 million tonnes/Old Ethylene Project successfully delivered and produced a qualified Ethylene product on 29 January of this year, during the reporting period, the company successfully completed its 1.5 million tonnes Ethylene Project project, driving, co-routing and stabilizing.
Optimizing and operating at full capacity. Consolidation and commercial evaluation _aaa_healing petrochemicals (600346) _ three quarters steady growth, with performance in line with expectations in July
Operationalization, which will bring added value to the company’s q3 performance. Aaaaa achieves a whole industry chain layout, with cost advantages for aaaa major refining project to take the lead in producing aaaa, successfully and fully
The construction of pta and polyesters has accelerated and is looking forward to future performance contributions: for pta, during the reporting period, the construction of new production capacity for the company ' s two lines totalling 5 million tons of pta was well under way, and the pta-4 line was completed and re-established in May, and the pta-5 line was also launched in June this year and is expected to be officially operational in the second half of this year.
This also means that the company ' s pta capacity will reach 11.6 million tons in the second half of the year, becoming the only company worldwide that is capable of producing equity in pta above the level of tons; in the polyester sector, the company ' s 1.35 million-ton civil silk project was successfully launched during the reporting period, with a 100,000-ton ion-poy production capacity and a 100,000-ton total dissipation capacity.
And it will double to 400,000 tons in the second half of the year, with the company's industrial silk capacity. Expanding the capacity will have a clear cost advantage, looking at the company's two profit projections and investment proposals: considering the company's recovery in the second quarter, the company is expected to change its profit projections.
Risk factors: repeated domestic epidemics, persistent declines in oil prices and weak downstream prices of pta.