Performance meets expectations, operational efficiency gains Wave information (000977.sz) server taps are expected to move towards demand turning points and maintain a “buy-in” rating
Keeps the "buy-in" rating for domestic servers. Performance meets expectations, operating efficiency gains. Companies achieved business income of $34,850 million in the first half of 2022, an increase of 22.05 per cent in the same year; net return on maternity
954 million yuan, an increase of 18.81 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, q2 achieved 17,573 million yuan in operating income in the first quarter, resulting in an increase of 1.78 percentage points in common-service costs, mainly due to the expansion of sales, increased demand for funds, and increased interest-rate spending through debt financing.
• Technology leads the world in the fields of clouds, ai, open computing, and margin computing, where the company sr's whole cabinet server has a market share of over 60% in China, i48 being the world's number one.
This is a multi-node server certified through odcc; in the ai area, the company has the capacity to provide a platform-wide storage technology, issues the first IAC dispatch system, has the most performing liquid coldai server nf5488la5, and publishes a megamodel of the 247.5 billion parameters “source 1.0”; in the margin area, the company calculates.
Participation in the development of the Otii benchmark for the odcc community and the introduction of the first paragraph of the marginal service provider that meets this criterion, n. 5260m5, was introduced on a large scale in the communications industry.
• Long-term business opportunities for companies are expected to be created by the East and West Counts Project, Increased resilience to risks - company information update report, February 2022, joint communication from the National Development Reform Commission, the Central Network Information Agency, the Ministry of Trade and Communications, and the National Energy Agency, “East”
The project will accelerate the build-up of arithmetic and improve the number. The “Track Point to the Company’s First Cover Report” economic infrastructure is expected to provide a medium- and long-term development driver for the company.