q3 performance growth was strong and the subsequent growth momentum continued 26 October 2020: company performance announcement: $5.32 billion in revenue achieved in the first three quarters of 2020, compared with 39 per cent;
The net profit is 1.47 billion, or +60.5 per cent. Of this total, q3 achieved income of 1.87 billion, or +79.4 per cent, or 490 million, or +97.3 per cent, or 550 million net profit, or minus or minus the net profit and loss on exchange, or 3 growth remained strong.
The company lost 9.037 million on exchange during the three-month period due to the depreciation of the dollar, accounting for 4.84 per cent of the revenue of O3, with a slight impact on net profits, but the overall growth in the company ' s performance during the previous three quarters remained strong, mainly due to: (1) the continued recovery of capital estates, the burning sales of downstream engineering machinery, and the pull-out of company excavator oil tank products
Income grew by 35 per cent in the same year; (2) the competitiveness of the company's products and the city's share were increasing, and subsidiary hydraulic, technology pump valve revenues increased significantly by 94 per cent in the same year, and we expect the overall city share of the constant hydraulic pump valves to be over 30 per cent, of which small digs are close to 50 per cent.
The company's combined Māori rate was 42.3 per cent in the first three quarters of 2020, compared to +5.7 pct, mainly due to a large increase in the volume of excavator oil cylinders, pump valves and product structure, with a 27.7 per cent net interest rate.
The same ratio +3.7 pct. Reasons; significant increases in financial cost rates are mainly due to the impact of current exchange losses.
The turnover of accounts receivable decreased from 42 days in the same period in the previous year to 38 days in the single season, from 113 days in the same period in the previous year to 96 days in the same period, and the business cycle was shortened, with good returns bringing the cash received by companies for the sale of goods and the provision of services in the q3 quarter to 2.29 billion.
▪ Core operations are saturated, o4 continues to grow high, looking forward to four quarters, an improved financing environment and rising capital investments, a gradual recovery in overseas exports, and we expect strong downstream demand from q4 companies.
Long, in October, the excavator canisters increased by more than 40%, pump valves and motors more than doubled, and we expect the q4 industry to continue through the season. At the same time, as the pump valves accelerate their penetration + the non-target business continues to expand, subsequent performance is higher than expected, followed by growth momentum.
The annual performance was slightly higher than expected, with a sustained increase in 2020; the pump valve business was sold at less than expected risk; and Dong Oo Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory board