As the Sini Mountain Billows grew, downstream demand grew steadily, looking at the company's long-term development, and the company published a three-quarters report for 2020: the company achieved business income of $5.323 billion, a year-on-year increase.
38.86%; net profit from the return to the mother is 1,472 million yuan, an increase of 60.50% over the same period; the company's income is steadily growing as the benefit of the engineering machinery continues to be high and the pump valves are being released. The entire engineering and machine excavator industry has been growing at a high rate since the outbreak.
In January-September 2020, sales of excavators in 25 mainframe plants amounted to 236.5 million, a corresponding increase. Market data: 32 per cent by October 26, 2020, with a 35 per cent increase in revenue from the company ' s excavator tank product; downstream market for pump valve operations
The field share continues to rise, with production lines operating at full capacity, and subsidiary hydraulic technology pump valve revenues increasing by 94% over the same period. In the previous three quarters, the combined Māori ratio was 42.25%, an increase of 5.7 percentage points over the same period.
The continuous optimization of product structure, with a combined Māori rate of 42.25 per cent in the previous three quarters, 5.7 percentage points higher than in Piti; at the same time, the company ' s successful internal management and cost of sales (-0.31 per cent) are evidence of the firm ' s steady increase in market ownership and its technological advantage.
The replacement space for hydraulics is large, and the company’s market rate is high for the long term. The multiple benefits of renovating the equipment, the machine-to-man effects, the internal demand drive, and the continued push for the “two new ones” are driving, and we believe that the engineering machinery is still high. The replacement of hydraulic valves and globalization are worth it.
Looks forward to the acceleration of the industrial landscape and of the national production replacement process, with a high rate of high-volume, high-performance pump valves, high elasticity, and the prospect of a rapid growth in corporate revenue in the excavator sector, which provides good support for company performance; outside the excavator sector, the expansion of the untargeted areas of the company has accelerated, with active car suspension and drilling.
There have been breakthroughs in a number of non-digging fields. The subsidiary hydraulics has also developed a large-volume industry, ITC Section 28 at 69 West Street, Taiwon City, where applications pumps, medium-sized power valves, etc. have been put on trial.
In Beijing, the city’s west-city district, Central China, 28 Sinrich Street, is a new growth point in the company’s performance and a long-term improvement in the company’s presence.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.