Corporate profitability continues to grow, and the profit base continues to be strong in the beneficiary sector Events: the company published its three-quarters report in 2020, generating revenue of $5.323 billion, which is a year-on-year increase. The company's three-quarters report continues to grow and its profitability continues to increase: the company's 2020q3 quarter
Realization of revenues of 1,867 million, 79.38 per cent increase over the previous year, net return to mothers of 486 million, 7.77 per cent of sales, management, R & D costs compared to the same period last year, and 2.44 pc increase in financial costs of 245 pct over the previous year, mainly due to exchange loss effects, net
The profit rate was 27.72%, an increase of 3.76 pct over the same period last year. Taken together, corporate profitability, the fundamentals of the engineering and machinery industry, and the acceleration of the import substitution of corporate products: according to the Institute ' s total equity/flow (million shares)
Total market value/flow (million yuan) High growth in engineering machinery industry, represented by excavators, sold 12 months of maximum/minimum tank sales in the first half of the year
32.95 million, an increase of 27 per cent over the same period. Meanwhile, the market share of the pump valves used by the company's dredgers has increased significantly, with the 6-50t level of back-to-back motor having been matched by the size of the mainframe plant, the platform for high-altitude operations in the non-digger area, the constant hydration (601,100) Engineering and Mechanics Industry
To achieve volume support, full production in the areas of car suspension, dredge drilling, import substitution for pump valve products and a continuation of the growth trend, replacement rates for imports of core parts and components, generating 1,191 million yuan in corporate hydraulic technology in the first half of the year, an increase of 85.81 per cent over the same period.
Accumulated advantage in the area of hydraulics, from import substitution to global assembly: as a high end liquid constant hydraulic pressure (601,100) 2020q2 industry pressure-loading conglomerates, companies have accumulated in product development, manufacturing, marketing services, etc.
The climate rises, the demand for full benefits increases and the advantages are greater, with products endorsed by core customers like Caterpillar, Trinity, Xu's and others.
Not only has import substitution been achieved domestically, but developed countries like Europe and the United States, Japan, etc., as well as the LZ (601,100), where exports exceed 20% and a group of high-quality customers in the industry has accumulated.
The company’s market share in the global hydraulic sector will continue to grow, with continued growth in corporate profitability and continued strong fundamentals of the beneficiary sector.
In the financial sector, eight years of work have been done, including Robot Trends. Before entering the financial sector, there is a wealth of business experience, and has been involved in production technology, markets, and strategies in the fields of engineering machinery and automobiles.
The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in July 2017, is good at bottom-up investment opportunities. The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report