The firm ' s product competitiveness has steadily improved, and annual performance is expected to be accompanied by rapid downstream demand growth across the board (60110.sh).
The company published three quarterly reports, which achieved business income of $5,223 million (+38.86 per cent) in the first three quarters, a net return to the mother of $1,472 million (+60.50 per cent), and ps for example.
2. Our analysis and diagnosis: (i) The downstream industry has high demand, with rapid year-round growth in performance, the downstream engineering and machinery industry has high demand, and companies have achieved the same revenue from the oil tank products of the excavators.
Higher than 35% growth, driving companies to outperform their overall performance. Benefiting from the high profile of downstream engineering, the mechanical industry, and the increasing competitiveness of corporate products, corporate revenue and profits are growing steadily.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the sale of various types of mechanical excavator products reached a total of 236.5 million (+32%) and benefited from the company’s simultaneous high sales of special fuel tanks for excavators in the first three quarters of the year.
The number of hours worked continued to be high, with 30 per cent increase in the volume of engineering machinery sold throughout 2020 and more than 30 per cent of the company ' s annual revenue from the excavator tank product, which is expected to be sustained by a significant increase in pump valve sales to support the company ' s performance.
In the first three quarters, the sales of hydraulics increased by 94% over the previous two quarters. In the first half of the year, the company’s share in the market of the pump valves was significantly increased.
Hydraulic technology has increased significantly in the excavator master pump valve market, and the 6-50t level reverse motor has been set up as a scalding package for the main plant; it has also achieved a full batch of high-altitude platforms in the non-digger area.
Production efficiency and profitability will be further enhanced with the optimization of scale costs and the automation and intellectualization of production workshops, and hydraulic technology will be collected throughout the year to achieve (iii) product competitiveness & efficiency gains and increase profitability together
The growth in corporate sales income, which benefited from economies of scale and product structure optimization, was much higher than the growth in operating costs, with a combined Māori rate of 42.25 per cent for corporate products in the previous three quarters, an increase of 5.7 percentage points from the same period last year, and a net interest rate of 27.72 per cent for sales.
Cost and management rates have decreased by 1.02 percentage points from the same period last year, and cost controls and efficiency gains are evident. High R & D inputs provide firm core competitiveness for corporate products and add effective internal management mechanisms, which we believe are profitable.
We believe that countercyclical regulation will result in a massive release of downstream engineering machinery, with a steady increase in the company’s dedicated oil tank; on the other hand, the subsidiary hydraulic technology has increased significantly in the excavator master pump valve market and is also high in the non-digger sector.
A comprehensive quantitative package of empty operating platforms, with future improvements in plant productivity, will continue to drive profitability. We expect that I will commit myself to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, and that this report will clearly and accurately reflect my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Li Li Liang, Head of the Mechanical and Military Industry Group, the first in the finance industry, and the fourth in the New Wealth Industry Team, with honours in 2015. Master of Arts, University of France, Japan; Bachelor of Arts, University of Harbin Industries, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018.
First, the fpm academic conference bestpaperaward. Used to be a member of the New Wealth Mechanical Corps.