3-quarter performance highlights accelerated scale expansion - 3-quarter review of HL in 2020
The company released its three-quarter report for 2020, yielding 3,768 million yuan in the first three quarters, a 79 per cent increase in the same year-on-year increase in the q3 quarter, and the pump valves were released as expected. Downstream infrastructure and real estate construction were on fire, and engineering and machinery requirements continued to flourish, the first three quarters of 2020.
Excavator sales increased by 32% from the same year. The company’s products also increased its competitiveness, from 3,768 million yuan in the previous three quarters, an increase of 38.86% from the previous quarter; the volume of the excavator tank products increased by 35% from the same year, the sales of the subsidiary hydraulic technology pumps increased significantly, and the revenues of hydraulic technology increased by the same amount.
The increase was 94%. q3 quarter revenue of $1,867 million, an increase of 79.38% over the same period, with excess q2 increasing production in excess of supply and output. The increase in size has been accompanied by increased internal controls and a steady increase in profitability.
(year-on-year +5.54 pct) The significant increase in the Māori rate is mainly due to the large increase in revenue from the excavator oil tank and pump valves, the scale effect of the constant hydraulic pressure and the optimization of the non-flagged tank structure. Companies strengthen internal management, marketing rates and pipelines.
The combined cost adjustment rate was 1.02 pct less than the same period last year; because of the sharper decline in the United States dollar exchange rate for the current period, the exchange rate at the sink, the length of the continuing downstream winding period in 2020, when the SMS rating - the constant hydraulic pressure (601,100) was extended, had a significant competitive advantage and had wide scope for growth.
Report: Significant increase in profitability, pump valve operations, 2020.08.24. Capital projects are expected to arrive rapidly in the second half of the year, with a build-up of sustained growth, demand and growing demand for artificial replacements, continuation of the downstream landscape of engineering machinery and company-based work.
In addition, in 2019, the company collected $5.4 billion, and the sum of approximately $22.3 billion in revenues from Kawasaki and kyb global hydraulics.
Revenue is four times that of a company, but in 2019 the constant operating profits were $1.49 billion, while the combined profits of Kawasaki and Kyb were only $1.15 billion.
And the quality, performance, etc. of the company’s products already have the capacity to import alternatives, which are expected to take advantage of opportunities, fast-track imports, and to divide the global hydraulic market, with great potential for future growth.
Large import substitution space to maintain corporate “buy-in” ratings. Capital investments are not as expected, overseas customers are not expanding as expected, and overseas markets are at risk. Figure 3: Māori/net interest rate for consistent hydraulic sales in the first three quarters of 2020, respectively
Figure 4: Net cash flow from constant hydraulic operations in the first three quarters of 2020 compared to figure 5: Cost rates for the first three quarters of 2020 continued to decline over the period of constant hydraulic pressure
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.