\triangleright \triangleright
Since the end of October 2018, the price of vitamins has shown an overall upward trend. According to Wind, the price of va market price of $390/kg on 28 May was 57.58 per cent higher than at the end of last year and 36.84 per cent higher than at the end of April; the price of ve market price of $52.5/kg was 54 per cent higher than at the end of last year and April.
With a capacity of 10,000 tons and a capacity of 25,000 tons, one of the world’s four largest vitamin-producing companies, v/ve is the country’s number one, with high performance elastic to vitamin prices, which in the short term will benefit from higher vitamin prices. Several projects, such as metrephenol, ve, and ecstasy II, are gradually entering delivery.
The annual 2018 report shows that the company's total investment budget for major construction-in-progress projects exceeds $13 billion, and that the failure of the unit to deliver compared to the trend of Deep 300 will be a constant driver of growth in the company's performance:
1. The company ' s project to build 6,000 tons of ethyl maltphenol, 3,000 tons of methyl maltphenol and 3,000 tons of equinoxone per year in Shandong is expected to be launched in the second half of this year.2 The second phase of the project, 100,000 tons, is expected to be completed at the end of 2019 years of the project.
The company plans to invest approximately $3.6 billion in the Heilong River in a project to build raw fermentation and produce a total production capacity of 3,923,000 tons of chlorophyll and other products for a two-year construction cycle, which is expected to generate approximately 2 billion yuan in income and 708 million yuan in tax revenues.
The company is the largest producer of spices in the country, with the world leading in production, with aromatics, lemon formaldehyde, etc., leading the world in terms of product sales. As the world economy evolves, people are quality in food and commodities.
The new material industry is one of the seven strategic and emerging industries in the country, with the company making new material business public.
The Department’s future pillar industry, which is building technological platforms such as chemical polymers and special fibres, is constantly improving market competitiveness. They are 16 times, 12 times, and 10 times more, respectively.
New S.S. (002001) Research Brief: Vitamins, Protein Acid Continuous Expansion for Long-term Growth Summary of data projections in corporate financial statements
Tao Maw, graduated from China ' s University of Mines (Beijing), undergraduate in chemical engineering and crafts, postgraduate in mineral processing (coalization), July 2011, Ga Li Xing, Beijing University Doctor of Materials, third member of the New Wealth and Non-ferrous Metals Industry, December 2018, joined the Civil Securitization Team, Wang Jing Jing, Bachelor of Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Finance, Nanjing University, July 2018.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.