Low-pressure channels continue to be optimized, and households continue to experience a rise in photovoltaic use 04/09/2023 The current non-net profit is $1.843 billion, an increase of 13.08% over the same period.
Low-pressure appliances: optimize channel layout and deepen the implementation of global manufacturing energy layouts. 23h1 smart electrical plates generate operating revenues of $11,475 million, an increase of 7%. On the channel, there is a selection of clients' resources and funds for Deng Young-kang.
The core distributors of power have developed into regional distributors, 1,600 new developers, and the coverage of local and municipal channels has been raised from 81% to 85%. In market development, using the "zhengta+Noyak" dual-brand product strategy, the market has been ploughed, with a focus on high-value-added projects, the new development of Kosta, solar power, and power on board.
At the international level, business income of $2.319 billion was achieved, an increase of 29.14 per cent compared with the previous year. At the international level, the GTO continued to promote the construction of regional headquarters, the construction of four overseas factories, the deepening of the Singapore Operations Management Centre and the completion of the European/West Asia Africa Master Plan.
New energy sources: Households continue to grow with high light voltage, reversaries can sail. 1) Household operations: 23h1 Research Assistant \triangleright
The net profit is over 1,202 million yuan, the development of grid capacity is over 5.3gw, and the sale of power plants to the country’s enterprises is over 10 billion yuan, giving a strong impetus to sustainable business development.
2. Power station operations: In the case of domestic power stations, new models of cooperation with the company are being actively explored. In the case of foreign power stations, a joint venture with a partner, the company EPC, has been established to carry out the European epc operation, with a single amount of more than 1 gw.
Deepening cooperation with the United States of America, expanding the sales of domestic platforms, new signatures of China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
Continued increase in photovoltaic city occupancy rate - 2023/05/04 steel phase 12.5mw II photovoltage project, 91mw and 15mwh storage capacity complementarities project in Jiangxi Chizhou
On the foreign side, the Korean market successfully built PV projects such as Boongeo-Signature 2022/10/31 9mw, asknamjido-ri9mw, and the European market supplemented local product certification.
3. In the semi-annual reporting point of 2022, real-thai appliances (601877.sh), new multi-country agents were awarded large orders.
Quick fixes - 2022/08/31 q1 Quarterly reviews: low-pressure appliances are growing steadily, the new energy industry — methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.