An internationalization of the tax-free trade in tobacco and alcohol from Hong Kong Airport.
According to the company announcement, China Free-Lagdell Ltd., a subsidiary of the company, has been licensed to operate tobacco and alcohol products at Hong Kong International Airport for a period ranging from November 2017 to September 2024. The winning bid for the Hong Kong airport tobacco and alcohol tax exemption is expected to boost the company ' s performance in 2018.
The Hong Kong Airport has a seven-year contract for the operation of tax-free goods such as perfume, tobacco, and alcohol. The Hong Kong International Airport has a busy passenger service, with high passenger traffic, with 70.502 million passenger traffic in 2016, an increase of 2.94%.
The Hong Kong International Airport, an important airport for both mainland China and the world, is expected to maintain a smoother and faster growth in future passenger throughput in the context of the steady growth of our economy, the continued expansion of external openness, and the accelerated movement of both domestic and foreign exchanges and people. Tax-free sales based on passenger throughput are also expected to grow at a faster pace.
The Hong Kong International Airport tax-exempt business is ranked among the top 10 companies in the world in terms of annual sales or between $4 billion and $5 billion, while tobacco and alcohol sales account for about 40% of the total tax-exempt sales. The company’s tax-exempt business at Hong Kong Airport, which led to an improved performance in 2018, is also an important step in the process of internationalizing the tax-exempt business.
On March 22, it was reported that the company’s Central and Free Group would have a 51% share in the tax-free market. The tax-free company was formerly a foreign company that operated tax-free operations at Beijing’s capital airport, Shanghai International Airport, and the border. According to the list of global tax-free operators published in 2015 by moodie, the tax-exempt-free company sold in 2015 on a daily basis.
The size of the operation will be further expanded with the introduction of tax-exempt days, with increased bargaining power for upstream duty-free suppliers, the expected beneficial scale effects of links such as logistics transport, which will reduce costs, and a significant increase in occupancy in the duty-free market, leading to further consolidation.
Once the group is exempt from duty-free business, the competition for tax-free business at the capital airport will be completely changed, and companies will be more likely to win the bid. Tax-free off-island policy will be relaxed to facilitate the performance of Sanya duty-free shopping malls.
Identity documents can be used to purchase duty-free goods in Sanya International Free City or cdf off the island’s network of duty-free officials, and to leave the island after extracting the duty-free goods purchased at the railway point at the sea port. The exemption policy was previously applied only to passengers who left the island by air.
This rating system's “market index” refers to a depth of 300 indexes. In risk preferences, products that do not refer to a particular type of recommendation or rating are based on the product.
The underlying risk rating is given in the market for the study, i.e. in the case of certificates of title and derivatives markets, where the underlying risk rating is high: in the case of equities, equity-based fund market-side studies, where the underlying risk rating is general risk; and in the case of market-related studies such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, where the underlying risk rating is low risk.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.