It is strongly recommended (maintain) that the three-quarterly report of Vankoa (00002.sz) show robust growth and a settlement structure that slows down the Māori rate.
A total of 241.490 billion, or +7.9 per cent of the year, achieved a net return profit of 198.6 billion, or +8.9 per cent of the year, affected by the settlement structure and price-limitation policy, during the period real estate operations were settled at 17.25 million, or +18.6 per cent of the year, settlements were settled at 2.1 times the income from the estate operations settlement and performance guarantee factors were favourable in the future.
Quarter sales have improved significantly and have become more territorially advanced. Over the period 1-September, the cumulative area of sales was 32.648,000 square metres, and rice, with an equity planning area of approximately 10.6644 million square metres. Of these, 46 new development items were added in the third quarter, with a total construction area of approximately 85.13 million square metres (46.5 per cent in the first September) and an equity planning area of approximately 40.5 per cent.
Financial soundness and continuous improvement in leverage indicators. At the end of the period, the asset-liability ratio of companies after pre-receipt payments were eliminated Investment proposals: firm growth in corporate performance in the first three quarters of 2020 and good security in the future, third quarter
With a high growth of more than 20% in corporate sales and a more dynamic expansion of land, we believe that, against a background of more stringent regulation of the industry, the company’s ample cash flow and lower financing costs will help to increase the scale of sales. At the same time, companies are already at the forefront of the industry’s earlier diversified business, ahead of the industry’s prognosis.
1 Vanko 00002.sz: High characterization of property development, integration of multi-purpose operations 2020-08-302, Huanko 00002.sz: Basic stability
3. Vankoa0002.sz: “High turnover” remains the same, shareholder risk mitigation 2020-01-17: operating income for the last five years (millions of yuan) and speed of increase
Figure 2: Māori (millions of yuan) and speed of increase for the last five years
This report has been prepared by Creary Securities Co. Ltd. (“Creary”). Creary and its subsidiaries, parent and/or affiliated companies have the following relationships with the researched companies and their subsidiaries and/or associated public divisions: Creary and its subsidiaries, parent and affiliated companies have normal business and/or equity relations with the companies and their subsidiaries and/or associated companies mentioned in the report.
There is no financial interest in the target company, the policies and procedures must be adhered to, and there must be a reporting line from the management of the Cresty operation.