On the evening of 29 October, Huanko released its third quarter performance in 2020, with accumulated operating income achieved in January-September.
241.490 billion yuan, an increase of 7.9 per cent in the same year; net equity profits of 198.6 billion yuan, an increase of 8.9 per cent in the same year; settlement of q3 with slightly higher expectations; smooth settlement in January-September, lower operating profit rates, small decline in net interest rates, generally flat net interest rates, robust debt indicators and overall compliance with expectations: 1q3 data with slightly higher expectations.
Double-digit growth: 12.5 per cent growth in single-quarter revenue and 14.9 per cent increase in net equity profits and 14.9 per cent increase in the same-year balance; 7.9 per cent increase in the balance between 21 and 9 September; net equity gains are offset by annual impairments, income tax buffers and investment returns, with net interest rates declining only from the same period last year
1. " Settlement smooth, accelerated - 10,000 market cooling in the second half of the year, and Māori sales are expected to be stable, but their elasticity will also change due to the slow rise in house prices. " 2. Sales and Landing Synchronization - June
Recovering Fund 39 billion, promising to leverage new sales Steady increase in volume and intensity of sales, subjectively entering a more active marketing and land acquisition cycle: 47.28 billion yuan in cumulative contract sales in January-September, an increase of 3.6 per cent over the same period, with a municipal share
4.3 per cent, an increase of 0.3 pcts over 19 years. 2 of the 101 new projects, of which q3 were active, 46 were added, the intensity of the research series was 37.3 per cent and the margin of q2 was 14 per cent, reflecting the subjective nature of the Vanco.
The property industry is the first, holding business capacity is increasing, and data disclosure is becoming more transparent. To the extent that the Vanko development business is subjectively more focused on scale up, the Vanko industry is in the position, the holdings are in the business, and we believe that their valuation will continue to improve.
There has been a marked decline in sales in the industry; financing regulation is stronger than expected; and the intensity of Vankna is lower than expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment