Corporate review study — Real estate industry, 31 October 2020
The company released its third quarter report for 2020. In the third quarter, the company achieved business income of billions of yuan, an increase of 14.94 per cent over the same period.
2. Our analysis and diagnosis: (i) solid growth in performance, rich in unsold and unsettled resources 24,449 million yuan in operating income achieved by the company in January-September of 20 years, + 7.9 per cent of the year; net return to the mother
Rendering of $19.86 billion, an 8.9 per cent increase over the same period; gain of $1.74 per share, a 6.8 per cent increase over the same period; real estate settlements of 1.97 times the value of the year, with a strong future performance. (ii) Positive growth in sales in the first three quarters and bright performance in the third quarter
The third quarter was marked by a 30.3 per cent and 21.7 per cent increase in the volume of contract sales and sales in the third quarter of the year. In January-September, the company opened 96.9 per cent of the year ' s start-up plan and 54.4 per cent of the year ' s completion plan.
(iii) In the third quarter of the year, the joint venture between the property industry and Dedreung officially published the Chinese name “10,000” in Chinese. The rental rate for maturity projects (open for half a year and above) was 95.3 per cent in commercial terms.
In the third quarter, four new acquisition projects for warehousing and logistics operations, totalling 11.6 million square metres of buildings, were launched in Shanghai, where the company was operating as the largest single-body shopping centre in Shanghai. Huanko's diversified business performed well, based on a calculation of the pace of accounting for the company's projects.
On the 30th of July, the cut-off rate of $27.55 corresponds to a seven-fold, 6.2-fold, 5.4-fold, and 1.7-fold net. We continue to maintain a “recommended” rating of Vankoa.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.