It's time for the wind to break, and it's going to be a long way away.
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) to create an integrated insurance group with a multi-operational block of balanced development. 1) China's Taibo was established.
In May 1991 and 2001, the restructuring of the sub-operational system was completed. Over the years, under the umbrella of the Gestapo Group, it had personal insurance companies, property insurance companies, financial management companies, pension insurance companies, agricultural insurance companies, and a full licence to cover insurance.
Camp. 2) The shares of the Gestapo are fragmented and have no real control. We believe that the decentralized shares contribute to the efficiency and effectiveness of the Group ' s operations. 3) Corporate management experience is rich, with the introduction in 2021 of the former friendly insurance area, ceo Chaeqiang, as the overall life insurance policy.
• Group as a whole: a large group of clients, Roe is at the top of the list, with a significant historical score. 1) Over 10 million new customers have been added for five consecutive years, and the client base is spread across the country. 2) The net profit increase in the insurance sector is higher than the average for the listed market. 2022q3 seasons
The company's net profits amounted to $7 billion, an increase of 29.5 per cent over the same period, which is much higher than that of the companies that entered the market during the same period.
Since 1.0, companies have been strengthening their traditional business, and the ratio of traditional insurance to the new policy premium structure has been optimized since 2011. The ratio of new policy premiums to the 2022 q3 life insurance agent channel has increased by 30.9 per cent compared to the previous 30.9 per cent.
4) Operation Long Air has begun to bear fruit, core manpower has grown rapidly, business quality has grown by 23.5 per cent, and core manpower has achieved an average annual commission income of 0.5 million per capita per month, resulting in a new insurance income of $16.8 billion, a significant increase over the same period.
112.5 per cent, far ahead of their counterparts. Property insurance operations: non-car insurance operations are growing rapidly and the combined cost rate is continuously optimized. 1) Production insurance income continues to grow, q1-q3 in 2022, with the ratio of total insurance coverage to the ratio of total insurance premiums achieved by the insurance policy to the total cost
This represents an increase of 12.5 per cent, compared with the rate for the same period. 2) Policies such as a comprehensive reform of the insurance system have risen to 46.4 per cent. 3) The combined cost of the insurance policy has increased from 97.8 per cent to 97.8 per cent.
Sun Tingsun Wangjieou