Peace Bank (000001.sz) Retail financial profitability has increased significantly, with interest-rate spreads recovering. In 2016, Peace Bank achieved a net profit of $22.599 billion.
The dollar, 3.36 per cent more than the previous year, and the profit was lower than ours, mainly from the industry co-operator's single size ring, which was compressed.
A slightly lower than expected profit was mainly due to higher than anticipated provision and improved cost control. In 2016, the 4-quarter interest margin of the Bank of Peace increased and the liability was covered by a common-account rule.
The decline in the ratio of deposits to liabilities and current deposits The decline in the ratio of overdue loans to late-June, the negative net loss of four quarters, the significant increase of 52.6 per cent in impairment losses over the same period, and, in fact, the increase in profits by 28.9 per cent before the provision was made.
The rate of achievement has accelerated, but the criteria for poor classification have become more stringent, and the pre-tax contribution of retail finance branches has increased considerably, offset by a significant increase (-25.8 per cent). Cost revenue is 25.97 per cent, a decrease of 5.34 percentage points, and operations management.
In 2016, the pre-tax profits of retail financial branches grew much faster than revenue, mainly because the loss of impairment of assets increased much less than in wholesale finance.
The first drop in the semi-annual rounding of property balances The four-quarter round-up increase in assets and liabilities was mainly due to business practices, with a significant contraction in the single scale ring. 2016 with the Peace Group and its subsidiaries, banks
The synergies between in-house operations are further enhanced The growth in production is mainly due to loans, receivables-type investments and savings of peers contributing to asset growth rates of 9.9 per cent, and the increase is due mainly to the deposit of cooperative assets, transactional financial assets and loans contributing to the growth in asset circles, respectively
This represents a decrease of 21.7 per cent, compared with a general increase in the issuance of 4-quarter peer statements by small and medium-sized banks. 4-quarter interest differentials have risen, the scale of end-of-debt partner certificates has declined, and the ratio of deposits to liabilities and the ratio of current deposits has decreased the cost of liabilities. 4-quarter Nis and Nims have decreased by 2.57 per cent and 2.72 per cent, respectively.
Increase by 4 basis points, with interest-paying liability cost ratio declining by 3 basis points. Interest rate rings for loan deposits are down by 5 basis points in each quarter, and interest-rate spread ratios for loan deposits are stable.
In terms of deposit structure, the share of current deposits rose by 41.5 per cent, or 5.3 percentage points over the medium term. Lee Sancfa’s four-quarter decline in overdue loans was faster than the negative net yield rate at the end of June, but the poor classification criteria were stricter.
Quarterly decline. Overdue loans accounted for 4.11 per cent, a significant decrease of 0.85 percentage points from the end of June.
See, in the second half of the year, the ring increased by $4.49 billion, with businesses, manufacturing (light industry) increasing by $4.37 billion and 700 million, respectively, compared to the end of June, while retail lending was down by $1.83 billion. Undesirable net growth throughout the year.
This represents an increase of 148 per cent, a 25.6 per cent increase in the turnover of retail financial branches, and a much faster increase in pre-tax profits than income, mainly due to a much smaller increase in impairment losses than wholesale finance; a 24.0 percentage point increase in pre-tax profits as compared to 41.2 per cent; and a 30.6 per cent increase in operating income as compared to 3.3 per cent.
The above-mentioned clients (private financial clients) and private clients reached 34.38 million and 16.9 million respectively, an increase of 0.4 percentage points compared with the beginning of the year, with mortgages rising by 2 percentage points, while individual operating loans decreased by 2.2 percentage points. Retail operations (including credit cards) accumulated net tax gains in 2016.
The increase in fees and fees is mainly due to bank cards and treasury operations, and, for the first time in the semi-annual round-up of property balances as a result of the decline in the size of the treasury. The net revenue from fees and commissions increased by 15.7% over the same period, representing operating income from bank cards, treasury operations, agency and commissioning, contributing $12.0 per cent, respectively.
5.3 and 2.9 percentage points, compared with 24.5 per cent for consultancy fees and 24.5 per cent for lower fees. In 2016, synergies with intra-bank operations with the Peace Group and its subsidiaries were further strengthened.
A migration platform for card customers, gas-melting and consumer finance customers. In 2016, the migration platform contributed 82.39 million new entrants, contributing 49.47% to the new line-wide customers; of this, 53.24% to the new wealth clients and 53.96% to the new assets.
The combined financial cooperation continues to deepen in 2016 through the signing of cooperative management schemes, list sales, the hosting of granules and other projects.
Each year, the average annual rate of deposits to the public channel is 63,240 million yuan, an increase of 105.00 per cent from the beginning of the year. There are 3,302 clients to the public channel, an increase of 24.00 per cent from the beginning of the year.
The Bank of Peace is a cross-regional, share-based commercial bank held by the China Peace Insurance Group Ltd. The main financial indicators and projections (Billions of yuan, with the exception of a percentage)
Room 1701, 17th Floor, New Year Square, 181 Queens Avenue.