On 11 August, the company disclosed its semi-annual report for 2018. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $4.359 billion, an increase of 8 per cent over the same period in the previous year; earned operating profits of $372 million, a decrease of 28.42 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year; and achieved a net return to the mother of $327 million, a decrease of 32.53 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year.
It is worth noting that the company achieved operating income of 2,606 million yuan in the second quarter of 2018, an increase of 22.9 per cent over the same period; the net return profit of 214 million yuan, an increase of 10.93 per cent over the same period last year. The semi-annual report did not perform as expected by unexpected factors such as spring festival and environmental protection.
The demand for acrylic acids and esters decreased by about a month later in the past year, with lower prices and lower sales; combined with a higher than expected parking time due to a car accident in the industrial park where Kagsing is based, the company performed significantly less in the first quarter.
Recovering, upstream raw material prices keep up the price of acrylic acids and esters, and companies' performance in the second quarter of the year has increased considerably. Consumption of acrylic acids has continued to increase in the third quarter, and there is room for upswing later. Downstream products are growing rapidly to pull demand for acrylic acids, while this year ' s new production capacity \triangleright
Fewer: Acrylic acid supply and demand are tightened by environmental constraints. Prices of Acrylic acid and esters are now rising in shock, and a more profitable future in a tight supply and demand environment.
The Chinese-American trade war is on the rise, and China has published a list of \triangleright taxed goods that have been sold to the US since August 23. But company imports of propane are mainly from the Middle East and are not affected by the Chinese-American trade war; the company is building 3.2 million tons of light hydrocarbons.
The use of ethane, the raw material used in the project, is not included in the list of tariffed goods. Instead, imports of products such as ethylene and polyethylene, which are highly dependent, are subject to a 25% tariff, which greatly benefits the company’s ethane project.
At the end of pdh II, the ethylene fission project proceeded as planned. The shale revolution in the United States led to a revolution in the lightliness of global hydrocarbon feedstocks, and the technology for hydroxylene dehydrate was very profitable.
The company has 450,000 tons of pdh devices: the second phase of the 450,000 pdh device is expected to be operational by the end of 2018, and will contribute to the year 2019. When crude oil prices are at a medium price, pdh will provide a significant profit to the company, which is expected to be combined in 2019. The project is now well under way, and the company has obtained offshore investment issued by the Zhejiang Provincial Development and Reform Commission.
The ethylene fission project has been fully resolved, and the project is proceeding as planned. It is expected that the delivery of the 1.25 million tonnes/year-old ethylene combined installation in 2020 will significantly increase the company's productivity due to uncontrollable factors, with the company performing less than expected for six months in March.
The company’s 220,000 tons of hydro-oxygen projects, 450,000 tons of pdh projects, and 3.2 million tons of light hydrocarbons integrated use projects will be phased in in the future. The company’s new projects are currently under-developed: downstream products are not needed as expected.
Liu Woo-joo, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; B.A., Finance Engineering + Law, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, cfa.
Master of Science in Industrial Catalytic and Response Engineering, University of Qinghua, Zhang Minghua, 2 years of experience in chemical industries, research assistant in basic chemical industries, October 2015
Law 4-D Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Cinghua, Doctor of Chemical Engineering, cfa holder, three years of experience in chemical engineering. Many international leading academic journals, with 5 national and international patents, and more than 10 papers from leading international academic journals, have been cited almost 1,000 times.
B.A. in Chemical Engineering, Beijing Polytechnic University, LL.M. in Chemical Engineering, Talsa University, United States of America, 4 years of experience in chemical engineering, joined the Dongxing Securities Analyst’s own research opinion in May 2018. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.