q2 Quarterly Warming Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter
458 million yuan, an increase of 8.00 per cent in the same year; net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company $327 million, an increase of $100 million and a recovery in performance. The company expects to realize a net return profit in January-September 2018.
The company performed poorly in the first quarter, with only $1.753 billion in operating income and $113 million in net profit, causing Ka Heng base to stop and the late spring season causing the recovery of downstream work. The company's performance warmed back in the second quarter with the recovery of production from Ka Hee base and the rate of downstream work.
Quarterly collections and net parent returns increased by 22.86 per cent and 10.93 per cent, respectively. Acrylic/polypropylene increases are significant and the company (polypropene) achieved operating income of $1,149 million in the first half of 2018.
Four hundred and fifty-five million tons of capacity is expected to start production by the end of 2018, which will continue to contribute at a very high rate. The company acrylic explosion, the transfer of the soybean, the impact of the 3 log parking, the significant increase in the price difference for acrylic acid, the gradual recovery of supply contractions and low demand over the 18 years, leading to a deterioration of the supply and demand structure and a contraction in the price of the product.
Small. We expect the acrylic climate to improve as downstream demand returns. Additional capacity is gradually coming into operation, and future incremental capacity will be available, with 450,000 tons of pdh expected to be built by the end of 2018.
Entered into production, 220,000 tons per year peroxy water project planned for July, 150,000 tons per year polyc. First reported date: 24 October 2016, 60,000 tons per year of highly aqueous resin, 360,000 tons per year of acrylic acid and esters.
The project will be completed in 2019, and the postnatal period will completely break the company’s capacity bottlenecks and optimize the structure of the industrial chain. Based on the continuation of the industry and the growing price differentials in the company’s main business.
The rise in oil prices has led to significant fluctuations in the prices of raw materials; safety or environmental accidents in factories; underperformance of the pdh new production capacity; under-in-progress of the construction project process; and a lack of expansion of the sap product.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.