A detailed reading of the rapid expansion of PDC's semi-annual report in 2020, the growth of revenues and pops, thanks to faster expansion in size and faster growth of non-interest income, and the continued growth of companies in the first half of the year.
The performance is comparable to that of commercial banks, which rank ahead of the equity line. The performance rate is 15.29 pct lower than in the quarter, mainly because of the cost-to-cost increase, the increase in the net difference and the increase in the provision.
This rate is 40bp and 19bp, respectively, as compared to the trend of depth 300. The former result mainly from the combination of loan interest rates and peer asset returns.
The latter benefit from both a reduction in the cost of deposits and a decrease in the cost of active liabilities. Companies actively optimize the asset-liability structure. 82 bp and 95 bp, respectively, are higher than last year’s average interest-bearing liabilities and interest-bearing assets in the first half of the year.
Companies have increased the recognition and write-off of non-performing loans to speed up their identification of public loan risks. Although the discount rate rose by 29 bp and 6 bp, respectively, by the end of the second quarter, the non-performing rate for public loans dropped significantly by 71 bp, leading to an overall negative rate of 13 bp. By the ring, the balance of non-performing loans and the negative rate decreased by 1.17% and 7 bp, respectively, by the end of the second quarter.
The interest ratio drops by 5bp, and the pressure on hidden non-performing loans is reduced. A small drop in the provision coverage ranged from 55bp to 146%, and the marginal improvement in the quality of corporate assets eased future performance.
In addition, the strategic objective of “building internationally competitive first-rate equity firms” was defined by the new management at the end of last year, raising the strategic profile of the digital transformation and promising a new climate for corporate development. We have volatile asset quality, declining interest-rate hubs, and less than expected economic recovery.
1. Pouphound Bank (600000): ppop is faster in a quarter 2. Pouphound Bank (600000): profit rate adjustment, battalion I, asset quality marginal improvement, multi-channel capital replenishment
The net profits of commercial banks have increased at a similar rate to that of 9.41%, and their performance has been in the top ranking of the stock-stock line. As a result of the faster expansion in size and faster growth in non-interest income, corporate revenues and apps have remained at 3.90% and 4.14%, respectively, as a result of the impact of the epidemic.
In comparison with vertically, the net profit increase for the first half of the year was 15.29 pct less than in the first quarter, mainly due to cost and cost increases, increases in net interest differentials and increases in the size of the provision. The same increase in tax revenue brought about a drop in the principal 2, lower interest rates on deposits, and an optimized negative structure.
In the first half of the year, the net interest differential was 1.86%, a decrease of 22bp compared to last year. Of this, the rate of return on interest-bearing assets fell by 40bp and the rate on interest-bearing liabilities by 19bp, respectively, as the main reasons for the lower interest-bearing differential. In particular, the decline in yield on interest-bearing capital was mainly due to the combination of lower interest rates on loans and lower returns on assets of peers, and lower cost of interest-bearing liabilities.
The average balance of loans as a percentage of interest-bearing assets and the average balance of deposits as a proportion of interest-bearing liabilities
3. Expedited disposal of public loan risk, asset quality marginal improvement Companies increased the recognition and write-off of non-performing loans, raising the annual negative loan generation ratio by 89bp to 2.21% in the first quarter of the second quarter, but the negative loan balance and the negative loan balance decreased by 1.17% and 7bp respectively at the end of the second quarter.
In addition, at the end of the second season, corporate lending as a proportion of total lending declined by 5 bp to 2.80%, and the pressure on hidden non-performing lending was reduced. The deviation of non-performing loans at the end of the second season (= loans more than three months overdue/non-performing loans) rose by 22.67 pct to 86.67% from the end of the previous year.
Sub-product: The overall negative rate at the end of the second season was 13 bp lower than at the end of the previous year, with business loans, personal loans and bill discounts down 71 bp, up 29 bp, and up 6 bp, respectively, compared to the end of the previous year.
The epidemic has had a greater impact on credit card operations, but as the impact of the epidemic diminishes, business recommences, personal repayment capacity and willingness to repay increases, it is expected that the poor rate of individual lending will fall in the future. The poor rate of corporate lending will decline more, mainly because companies have increased their handling of bad loans in high-risk sectors such as zero and manufacturing.
At the end of the season, the company’s core capital adequacy rate, primary capital adequacy rate and capital adequacy rate fell by 62 bp, respectively, with about $50 billion in outstanding equity transfers. In addition, the company was approved by the Central Bank in July this year to issue no more than 800.
The second billion dollar capital debt, valid for two years, has now been released for the first instalment of $40 billion. The capital of the company is still expected to be replenished in the future with the transferable debt and the issuance of the second-tier capital debt, thus supporting a faster expansion.
Figure 9: Portfolio capital adequacy at all levels of Poeuvres has eased the burden by increasing risk disposal, effective corporate resilience to epidemic shocks, poor asset quality, and future performance. In an environment of increased competition, corporate savings costs are lower than the market, reflecting stronger deposit management.
In addition, the strategic objective of building an internationally competitive first-rate commercial bank at the end of last year was defined, and the strategic position of the digital transformation was raised, promising a new climate for company development. We predict a net return from 2020 to 2022.
The “recommended” rating is maintained below the average valuation level of the equity bank.
Work experience in leasing, private fund-raising, securities and banking. Has been involved in research in finance, domestic electricity and the coloured sector. Has worked in the Bank of China, joined the author in 2019 with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from a compliance channel. The logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.