China Central Iron (601390): excellent indicators, solid capital for the benefit of the company. On March 31, 2019, the company published its annual report, which generated revenue of $848.44 billion during the reporting period.
15,01 per cent higher than the same period in the previous year; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $23,678 million, a faster increase in capital construction and engineering equipment than in the same period in the previous year, with a record high of 85.98 per cent of total revenue; and $16,172 million in operating income from surveying design and consulting operations, a year-on-year increase.
(a) China Central Iron: 11.60 per cent; 1.6974 billion yuan, or 13.16 per cent, in the manufacturing of engineering equipment and spare parts;
During the reporting period, the proceeds from the sale of 51 per cent of the iron and steel high-speed equity generated $4,955 million, resulting in a significant increase in net profits, resulting in a small decrease in the combined Māori ratio due to the decline in the share of real estate operations, which was 9.97 per cent in the reporting period, or 0.22 percentage points in the same period.
The Māori distribution rate was 29.16 per cent, an increase of 4.53 percentage points over the same period. The decline in the combined Māori rate was mainly due to the high Māori rate and the fact that the real estate business had not increased in 19 years, resulting in a decline in its share of income.
During the reporting period, the company ' s current cost rate was 5.77 per cent (-0.04 pct), which remained largely stable, with sales rates advancing further and continued to increase marketing inputs; and second, to increase the sales of real estate projects and industrial products.
In 2019, the company signed new contracts amounting to $21.648.7 billion, an increase of 27.9 per cent over the same period, including $28.810 billion for capital operations, an increase of 30.3 per cent over the same period; $42.09 billion for industrial equipment and spare parts manufacturing, an increase of 14.4 per cent over the same period; and $69.680 billion for real estate development operations, an increase over the same period.
Net cash flows from corporate operations in 2019 amounted to $22,198 million, an increase of 85.57 per cent over the same period; net cash flows from investment activities amounted to -40,181 million, an increase in cash flows from financing activities; net cash flows from fund-raising activities increased operations, resulting in an increase in advance payments; and second, the firm intensified its double clearance efforts and strengthened cash flows
Planning; third, a number of asset securitization operations were actively pursued, accelerating the pace of fund recovery; faster turnover, enhanced research and development, improved corporate governance; and in 2019, the number of working days of corporate receivables decreased further from 54 days in 18 years to 46 days, compared to 2017
In 2019, firms moved in an orderly fashion towards mixed ownership reforms and “two hundred actions” integrated reforms, with steady internal restructuring, implemented, combined ownership reforms with capital market choices and companies with synergies with the company’s main industry, and invested in high-energy chains to truly create innovation to lead to high-quality business development. First, corporate governance was gradually upgraded and improved in a timely manner.
To improve the company's charter, the leadership system of “two-way entry, cross-posting” has continued to be consolidated, with the establishment of a “triple” system of decision-making and operational monitoring; and, second, to continue to deepen the implementation of the “three shifts” and to improve the competitiveness of science, technology and innovation.
Five specialized R & D centres, including environmental protection, super-high-level construction technology, and one new National Centre for Joint National Engineering Research, 22 national and departmental technical centres and 8 provincial and ministerial specialized R & D centres, have been involved in the development of national technological innovation in the Kawasun railways and in the growing capacity of enterprises to innovate.
In the context of the epidemic, there is a consensus on the steady growth of capital capacity, demand-side growth, and supply-side trends towards a concentration of industry.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.