The growth hormones have remained stable and the range of herpes can be extended.
Realization of net profits attributable to shareholders in the parent company of $3.47 billion, an increase of 10.1 per cent in the same year; net profit of $3.43 billion, an increase of 8.6 per cent in the same year; faster growth in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry and continued growth hormones; operating income of $7.82 billion in the Golden Race Medicines industry;
This represents a 27 per cent increase in the same year and a net profit of $3.47 billion, a 14 per cent increase in the same year. On the other hand, in the third quarter of the year, the company was traditionally active, with an increase in the number of new cases affected by the epidemic, and a slight increase in the proportion of new cases of long-acting growth hormones: the company was approved as a point of entry for long-acting injections to strengthen new production in paediatrics and adults.
100-gram bio-season growth and annual release of influenza vaccine. 100-gram bio-brain revenue is 870 million yuan, a decline of 8.4 per cent, and net profit of 210 million yuan, a decline of 9 per cent.
A similar improvement in the sales of water pox vaccine, nose-snap flu vaccine, and a reduction in the pre-epidemiological inhibition factor. Heavy pounds of innovative herpes-reduced live vaccine is currently in the reporting phase, products are expected to increase their sales performance by the end of 2022 or early 2023, company vaccinations are scheduled to take a needle approach, and prices are expected to be set.
Lower than the gsk vaccine ($3200 per person), which facilitates penetration of the higher price-sensitive group of older persons. In his pipeline, the rabies vaccine is expected to return to the market by the end of February.
Millions of yuan, a 2 per cent increase in the same year, and a net profit of 25 million yuan, a 34 per cent decline in the same year. Real estate operations have suffered a decline in the impact of the epidemic, the company’s pharmaceutical industry has remained stable and is still expected to contribute steady cash in the future. 1. Long springs and highs (000661); growth hormones remain stable.
Quantified, herpe-like vaccine is expected to continue to drive company growth in long hormones (2022-04-28).
Long Spring High (000661: 100 grams of biological drag, long-acting growth hormones are expected to be released without, and without, direct or indirect compensation for the specific recommendations or views in this report.