As the company adjusts to public business, the quality of the stock assets is gradually reduced to the same level as the value of the stock.
The company’s strategy of “good for the public” in 2019, with the synergies with the group’s integrated financial platform, is to be expected. The company has already moved to the base, depending on the group’s transition period.
At the beginning of the year, debt swaps were completed and the second half of the year was about to go into a conversion period, and the company’s share price is now close to the price of a conversion into a forced foreclosure, which supports the valuation. For the first time, we were covered with a buy-in rating, a spot in performance, and a debt swap to supplement core capital.
The firm ' s previous capital adequacy rate was low, and the asset size expanded at a pace. The first quarter was successful in issuing $26 billion in debt swaps, which, according to static calculations, could be achieved.
After full conversion, the core-level capital replenishment rate can be supplemented by about one percentage point, better able to support the growth of the size of the company’s business. Retail transformation has broken out, and public efforts have been made.
Retailing has grown rapidly, depending on the Group’s resource advantages, extensive distribution networks, well-developed integrated financial product systems and financial technology. Retail plates have contributed more than half of the revenue and pre-tax benefits to the industry in 2018 (53 per cent in 2018, 69 per cent in 2018).
Strategic, taking advantage of the group ' s combined financial advantage to achieve a breakthrough, business deposit performance improved in the first quarter, with an increase of 5.9 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, asset quality improved, and poor stock burdens reduced.
Business has been optimized, high-risk industry exposure balances reduced, and some high default rates have been withdrawn.
The economic downturn is over-expected, financial regulation is over-expected.
Main rate (Billions of yuan)