The company review reports that the banking sector continues to see a wide margin of interest, and the quality of assets continues to improve.
Recently, the company published its semi-annual report for 2019. 1) Net profits increased by 15.2 per cent over the year and profitability steadily increased. During the first half of 2019, the company achieved operating income of 67.829 billion yuan, an increase of 18.50 per cent over the same period;
The net profit from the return to the mother is 15,403 million yuan, a 15.2 per cent increase from the previous year, and the rate of performance increases further. Annualized percentage points; dilution of the eps was 0.78, a 6.8 per cent increase from the end of June 2019.
Firm growth in corporate performance and a steady increase in profitability.2 The asset-liability structure was optimized, the rate of return on retail loans increased and net interest differentials widened.46339 billion yuan in net interest earned by companies in the first half of 2019, an increase of 16.6 per cent over the same period;
Since 2019, companies have taken the initiative to optimize their asset structures and strengthen their debt cost controls. At the asset end, corporate loans and advances account for 59.05% of interest-bearing assets, roughly the same as in the quarter.
The strategy is to increase the investment of high-yield retail loans, and personal loans (including credit cards) increase. In addition, the market was generally light in the first half of the year, with interest-paying liabilities at a cost of 0.06 per cent more than in the previous quarter, further reducing the end-of-debt cost.
In the first half of 2019, the company achieved net non-interest income of $24.190 billion, an increase of 22.1 per cent over the same year, and net non-interest income of 35.7 per cent over the same period, an increase of 1.1 percentage points, mainly as a result of increased returns on investment in transactional financial assets.
4. Non-performing loan balances and ratio increase further the ability to offset risk losses Continuous improvement in the quality of corporate assets, poor loan balances and ratios more than 90 days overdue Double decline, significant improvement in the non-performing rate of business loans, enhanced risk management of individual loans, corporate risk loss
Deficiencies were further enhanced. By the end of June 2019, corporate non-performing loans totalled 349.25 per cent, mainly 0.01 percentage points lower than the previous quarter, owing to strict corporate control over public operations, high quality of new operations, enhanced disposal of non-performing assets in stock, and poor personal lending rates of 1.09 per cent.
Benefiting from enhanced individual loan risk management and improved customer qualification and risk identification capabilities. 5) Deepening financial innovation and technology empowerment to support business growth.
Technology resources to accelerate the integration of financial science and technology with banking landscape applications. Research, innovation and practical application of cutting-edge technologies are actively explored around product innovation, customer experience, risk management, and new technologies, such as artificial intelligence, big data, block chains, etc., are embedded in business scenes.
In the first half of 2019, there were more than 140 cumulative patent applications for intellectual property rights on the science and technology line, and technology endowments supported operations.
“Leadering, retail breakthroughs, merit-based” development strategies, continued optimization of asset and liability structures, sustained improvement in asset end-of-end rates of return, increased end-of-end cost advantages and a steady rise in net spreads; continued improvement in asset quality and increased risk offset capacity.