In 2016, the company began a full transition to retail banking, and now the company has been in the middle of the second half of the year since 2016.
On 7 August, the Bank announced its 1h19 report: 15,403 million yuan net, yoy+15.2% net profit, and a two-way lightening of banks in the Department of Revenue. Integrated finance is the company’s specialty.
The company relies on a large individual customer base, strong brand influence, extensive distribution networks and a well-developed system of integrated financial products to facilitate a full-scale retail transformation and build-up.
The leading smart retail banks provide a strong core income stream that continues to improve, with interest differentials rising. The total assets at the end of June were 3.59 trillion, up 5.0 per cent from the beginning of the year, and loans grew 4.2 per cent from the beginning of the year, with steady growth in size.
18.5 per cent/19.0 per cent, or 17.1 per cent/15.9 per cent of 1q19, all go further. Income ends continue to improve, mainly with a further increase in the average ring. With retail transition strategies moving forward, retail operations continue to be prudential, bad-rate, retail business breaks further, and private business expands rapidly.
The net profit contribution of retail operations was 70%, zero, 60%, retail loans aum 1.76 trillion, 1.2 times as much as at the end of the 16th year. Of this, the private sector grew rapidly in 19 years. At the end of June, the private sector accounted for 38.4 million clients, 27.9% more than at the end of the previous year.
Investment Recommendations: Continue to look at retail transition spaces and further enhance the ability to release performance as firms continue to operate their basic retail, private and wealth management, and affordable financial operations, while maintaining prudential risk controls. Companies are expected to maintain a high level of interest differentials among their counterparts, while increasing the effectiveness of retail transformation.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Figure 1: Sustained improvement in income, 19 per cent increase in profit on a year-on-year basis prior to the 1h19 provision: Figure 2: 1:1h19 increase in net interest difference ring by 9bp to 2.62 per cent
Figure 4: Disruptive rates of retail loans, slight increases in credit card rates
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Peace Bank (00001): steady increase in profitability and a breakthrough in retail operations.
Schedule: Corporate Profit Forecast Tables Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery
A forward-looking investment analysis by the Research and Banking Unit.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Peace Bank (00001): steady increase in profitability and a breakthrough in retail operations.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.