The increase in non-net profit deductions is evident in the large market space for the electricity system, the three-quarter evaluation of the Chinese electronics (600372) in 2019, the release of the three-quarter report of 2019, and the first three quarters of the company ' s operating income of $5,173 million.
Growth of 12.43 per cent over the same period; realization of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $266 million over the same period; steady growth in corporate business, with net profits deducted from 50.36 per cent over the previous three quarters of the year; and increase in net profits attributable to listed companies, respectively
Corporate business has grown steadily. Financial costs have fallen by 342 million yuan in the previous three quarters, and companies have improved the efficiency of financial management and reduced the negative impact of debt-transferable interest charges. Corporate R & D costs during the reporting period amounted to $330 million, an increase of 23.81 per cent over the same period.
The company is expected to continue to grow throughout the year as a lead company in a more complete airline electronics industry.
As of 30 September, a total of 6.8961 million shares had been repurchased, amounting to $101 million, and stock buybacks demonstrating the company's management's confidence in the future.
In the case of equity incentives, this buy-back will facilitate the company’s follow-on capital operation. The company will be a platform for the listing of a navigational power system, with a significant amount of high-quality assets in the future, and the company’s current valuation is low. We currently have less than one-quarter of the United States military fleet, and we expect a military air system to outperform it for the next 10 years.
The company will benefit from the market space for civil-military air systems at $160 billion.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, is a tax-free dealer on the 6th of China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment.
Act No. 17 of the China Sea International Centre B, which uses legally compliant information, provides this report independently and objectively.
The company does not view it as a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business relationship with it as a reader, and it does not have an appropriate duty to do so. This report is confidential to the company, and if a non-resident customer receives this report, please return it and remove it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is disclosed publicly or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but it does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the report, which are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values of securities or investment objects referred to in this report may be subject to change.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For its other professionals, including but not limited to salesmen, traders, the company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report with analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance.
The company seeks to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments.
The company and its authors do not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.