In mid-2021, Tian Chi material (002709) was reported as an event: it was published in the semi-annual 2021 report and generated 3,699 million yuan in the first half of 2021, compared to Huang Xueyu.
q2 performance growth was high, with a further increase in q3 performance expected. The company’s first half-year growth in revenue and net profit was largely due to strong market demand for lithium cell materials and the electrolyte product, with a much higher volume.
Roe(ttm) hugs downstream highs, and the demand for lithium cell electrolyte products remains strong.
Lithium cell electrolyte and solid material phosphate, with demand from the downstream new energy industry continuing to be strong at the lowest price in December. Domestic sales of new energy vehicles increased by 207% in the first half of 2021, and global new energy vehicles increased by 207%.
The production of new energy cars has driven the demand for lithium batteries, thus pulling the demand for the electrolyte and positive materials of the lithium cell’s key raw materials. With the development of photovoltaics, 5g base stations, grid storage and household storage, the acceleration is also strong in the lithium battery material industry.
The advantage of the integrated industrial chain layout is highlighted by the fact that the company’s innovative products now account for more than 80% of the 5g, iron towers, and so on. The company’s main product, with its built-in and long-range investments, is the key source of the fabric of the electrolyte and phosphate.
Material production capacity creates two main advantages: vertically stable supply of the industrial chain and horizontal business synergies. Core raw materials for the main products produced by the public sector include lithium hexafluoride, new lithium salt, additives, phosphate, iron and lithium quartz concentrates, etc., thus gaining a competitive cost advantage.
Investment advice: maintain a recommended rating. The company’s share of the market for electrolysis fluids remains ahead of schedule, with long-term supply agreements with strategic customers such as Ningde, lig chemistry, etc.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.