(a) The positive growth in the integration layout and the steady expansion of the positive and extreme capacity: the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre ' s performance summary: the company achieved an operating income of $3.699 billion in 2021, an increase of 132.27 per cent over the same period;
The net profit is now 783 million yuan for the mother, an increase of 151.13 per cent for the same year; the net profit of 766 million yuan for the non-mother ' s profit is realized, and the company ' s day-to-day business has grown steadily and has increased its performance security. The company ' s solar-to-day business contributed an operating income of 1,210 million yuan in 2020, an increase of 51.4 per cent for the same year and 29.5 per cent for the business income.
The market for personal nursing products and solar products will continue to grow.
• Integrated electrolyte suppliers, with technology markets playing a double role. The demand for electrolyte is expected to double in 2021 as the market for new and downstream energy cars rises. Companies are now producing various electrolytes and additives of their own free will, both in scale and at the level of the process, and are at the forefront of the industry.
Battery additives Sodium hexafluorophosphate and solid-state electrolyte. At this stage, the main additive, lithium hexafluorophosphate, has a leading output in the domestic and foreign markets throughout 2020. In addition, organic additives vc have been produced continuously, and internal demand materials have been balanced to produce and sell without stocks and to maximize the combined benefits.
The 350,000-ton phosphate iron project landed to fill the increased demand for lithium phosphate. At present, the demand for and capacity for lithium phosphate have increased rapidly, with monthly loads exceeding the three-dollar material, the core raw materials produced by iron phosphate for lithium phosphate, and a significant shortfall in capacity. The company ' s 350,000-ton phosphate phosphate project is expected to quickly meet the market for phosphate.
The future demand for iron, once completed, will help companies to seize the opportunity to scale up their production operations and improve the competitiveness of their markets. In addition, the project could take advantage of the company’s joint venture’s resources and the advantages of the supporting facilities to provide near phosphate and phosphorous chemicals, coal, dioxyhydrate, sulphuric acid, liquid ammonia, etc. for the company’s phosphate projects.
The company’s electrolytic fluids will continue to grow at a high rate, while the productive capacity reserves will be abundant. The firm’s active material operations will in the long run become a new growth point for business, optimize the company’s product structure and further upgrade the company.
For the next three years, the company's combined revenue growth rate is 54%. Taking into account the company's electrolyte tap status, it covers the first time that a “buy-in” rating is given.
Founded in June 2000 and successfully listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in January 2014, the company has been working on the development, production and sale of new materials for fine chemicals and currently has two major business plates, Lithium ion battery materials, solarized materials and special chemicals.
The company has a large number of high-quality international customers and mass supplies, such as aesc,northvolt, dyson, sdi, bmw, panasonic, etc., and is deeply tied to and expanded with companies like lig, village fields, etc. In addition, the company has pre-positioned electrolyte reserves that can apply the market, and now its innovative products account for more than 80% of the 5g, iron towers, and so on.
Figure 1: Corporate development milestones. Corporate equity concentration. Iipd contributes to full-life management.
In terms of R & D and innovation, companies have the flexibility to use the ipd (integrated production development) tool to horizontally connect production processes from small to scale in the form of product lines, to control product development progress, product managers export product extension programmes and strategies at the same time as products are exported, and to manage them throughout their life cycle.
Increasing the motivation of product line product developers as a whole is accompanied by a better match between the product and the market.
34%. During the 2020 epidemic, companies benefited from both the scale of production and the level of the process, accelerating the crowding out of the industry ' s backward production capacity, raising market shares, performing well, achieving a 50% increase in business income. In 2021, h1, the company achieved an operating income of 3,699 million yuan, an increase of 132.27% over the same period, benefiting mainly from the electrolyte of lithium ion cell materials during the reporting period.
The value of the product has increased considerably, with a billion yuan increase of 3165% over the same year, largely as a result of good cost-control capabilities. The net return profit of the company grew significantly in 2018 over the next year, mainly as a result of a change in accounting methods from long-term equity investments in the company’s shareholding of the boomed lithium industry.
In terms of fair value, the amount of net return on investments arising from long-term equity investments was thus significant in the current period, contributing to the return of the company ' s Māori rate to historical highs and a reversal in profitability. In 2020, the company ' s Māori net interest rate increased significantly from 2019, with higher net interest rates and 13 pp from 2019.
Since 2018, the company has benefited from an annualized cost ratio of 9.1 per cent over the period, down to less than 10 per cent for the first time in history, and a significant increase in the company’s profit margin. Assuming that 1: the company’s new base is on schedule for production, with 25t/a, 32t/a, 2023 electrolytic fluids in 2021, 2022, 2022, 2023.
32t/a, with an output uphill cycle of about one year. 10,000 yuan per ton, 40,000 yuan per ton. We selected four lithium power pipelines, 80 times the average in 2021 and the average in 2022.
The company ' s electrolyte will continue to grow at a high rate, while its production capacity will be abundant, and the positive material business is expected to become a new growth point, optimizing the company ' s product structure, and further improving its profitability. The total corporate income compound will increase by 54% over the next three years. Considering the company ' s electrolyte tap status and the development of its new business in the future, we give the company 2021.
1) Risk of failure to release the company ' s capacity; 2) Risk of less than expected sales of new energy vehicles: 3) Risk of environmental protection and safe production:
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.