Pharmacy group pd - 500 million, innovation cashing up to 70 per cent, yielding $556 million, Hancoo-year-on-year 57.1 per cent increase; matrilineal/deductive non-net profit
1. " Respiratory Medicines: Innovation Drives, New Medicines Expanding, Clinical Advancements " . " The fall in the income of the anti-epidemic products and the Indian subsidiary gland, the rapid growth of innovative medicines. " 2. " Respiratory Medicines: Optimizing Pharmaceutical Income Structures, Innovative Ideas " .
Biti-74.7 per cent of the revenues were received; the revenues were generally equal. (1) The company's pharmaceutical plates 3. Re-Star Medicines Point Review - Re-entry into mainland China, where the Chinese citizens received the won, representing a 9.6 per cent decrease in the same year. (2) Income growth, mainly from the Hansian model (Sruli bill).
The rapid growth of new and sub-new items such as anti-injection fluids, Han Kuyo (injection with curly beads) and curly beads, Su Ko-Shin (malphalo paps); of this, $556 million was approved for Hans camp in March 2022, and Han Ku-soo earned the same income.
This represents an increase of 57.1 per cent and an increase of 32.7 per cent in Suoxin's income over the same year, but a significant decline in sales on the same basis. (3) The decline in profits is mainly due to a significant decline in sales on the first round (mrna's new crown vaccine), but there are still the corresponding teams and medicine.
Cost such as market; 2 holding subsidiary glandpharma with declining business performance due to, inter alia, increased competition in the United States market and partial shutdown; 3 Hans (Sruli single anti-injection fluids), betency (Kepra film for hydrochloric acid) etc.
Strategic inputs such as market development for new products, team strengthening, and pre-positioning and team input in overseas markets of Hans (Sruli single anti-injection fluids); 41h23, pharmaceutical end-of-life R & D costs increase by $300 million on a year-on-year basis.
Pd-1 out of the sea, car-t received two lines of approval, long-acting botulinum toxins submitted to the market, etc. Internationalization and innovation have taken place. (1) The company ' s pd-1 product, Hanns, is now operating 11 joint therapies worldwide, with nearly 1,500 hospitals covered by China, and South-East Asia is working with kgbio.
Do, America's own team is working with Syneoshealth. (2) The joint company is back in business. Kate's car-t product Qaeda added a second line for adult b-cell lymphoma (r/rlbcl), which, by the end of June 2023, had treated more than 500 patients.
In addition, companies, including the daxibotulinumtoxina-type botulinum toxin, hydrochloric platinoids, etc., are applying (nda) for the listing of drugs in China.
The application (bla) for the use of a curvature sheet against listing in the United States has also been accepted. Profit forecasting, valuation and rating, research and development of new products and sales are less than expected, and product competition increases the risk.
An analysis of the ratings of the relevant reports in the market within one month and two months of the week.