The transition upgrade will lead to a second leap in Xinhua Insurance. Xinhua Insurance. Xinhua Insurance.
This year’s change of management led to a new Xinhua Administration, which was in place for six years. With management in place, we believe that Xinhua will start a new round of growth.
Xinhua is undergoing a transformation. The industry’s premium increases steadily, but lower interest rates put pressure on investment in insurance. Previously, the silver insurance channel had achieved the old Xinhua, and with time, the Xinhua policy structure had gradually assumed a disproportionate share. In the current investment environment, the policy structure was not good.
At this stage, Xinhua is making a full push to improve its value and its liabilities: the main move is to pay off the business, with a premium and a health premium on the end of the product. The transformation has been very effective.
We look forward to the long-term growth potential of Xinhua. Xinhua’s new business value has grown faster in recent years, at a compound rate of 16.64% over the last three years. We keep looking at the growth of the company’s new business value.
Growth has been faster, with the share of long-term insurance in the new bill rising, and the value of the company’s new insurance policy rising. At the end of the third quarter of 16 years, each share of Xinhua’s net assets had fallen back before other insurance companies in the market, and the company’s growth had gradually recovered, and we continued to appreciate the growth trend in net corporate assets.
1. Xinhua Insurance (601336) Quarterly Review 2016: Continuous change in the structure of premium revenues with significant value transformation effects, which we measure the company ' s future industrial development and the growth of Xinhua ' s strategic transformation values
Good 2016 - 10 - 31 One Structure and Quality to Improve Supported Value Growth
Xinhua Insurance (601336): The transition upgrade will lead to a second leap.
1.120 Years of Xinhua Insurance has been a solid foundation market since its inception in 1996, and the company's growth has fallen. From internal compliance, there have been gaps, insufficient solvency, to companies' a+h shares on the market, Xinhua Insurance has grown considerably, and in the domestic life insurance market,
In terms of market value, the total market value of Xinhuaa ' s shares has grown steadily to $150 billion, compared with the initial increase in the market, figure 1: Xinhua Insurance development history
Xinhua Insurance (601336): a second leap in transformation and upgrading: Figure 2: Xinhua Insurance premium growth
Figure 3: Changes in market value of four listed venturea companies 1.2 Equity structure eventually stabilizes capital markets 1.2 Shareholder structure has undergone a period of change.
The corporate equity structure has remained stable since the introduction of Xinhua Insurance. At the same time, several other major shareholders have excellent backgrounds.
Figure 4: Xinhua Insurance Equity Structure, which Xinhua has been favoured by capital in the H stock market for some time. The announcement shows that on August 8, 2016 Xinhua HC shares were increased by 0.02% and Xinhua HC shares were increased by Xinhua, with Xinhua Insurance holdings of 5.01%.
Table 1: Revival of Convergence Actors holding 5.01% of Xinhua Insurance.
1.3 The new management looks forward to a new round of growth this year, when Xinhua Insurance Management was replaced by the chairman, Mr. Kang-hyun, who was replaced by the former president of his country's life, Mr. Wan Feng.
Table 2: Xinhua Insurance Management provides an analysis of how Xinhua's financial data is growing in profitability as we conduct the Dupont analysis of Xinhua's financial data.
This has largely benefited from a rise in the net interest rate and asset turnover of corporate sales. Xinhua Insurance (601336), a second leap in transformational upgrading.
At the end of the third quarter, the four companies were at the same level: Peace (13.49%) – Xinhua (8.01%) – too much protection (6.71%) – and life (4.45%).
At the end of the third quarter, the net interest rate on sales was as follows: Peace (11.87%) > Taibo (4.22%) > Xinhua (4.06%) > Life (3.05%).
Xinhua (21.27%) >17.09%) >Peace (17.02%) > Peace (10.31%) With regard to leverage, Xinhua is higher than the other three listed risk companies: Xinhua (11.53 > Peace (11.02) > Life (8.57) > too much security (7.48).
Figure 5: Xinhua Insurance Roe is in second place for listed insurers Figure 6: New insurance companies with the highest level of leverage Figure 7: Xinhua Insurance Net Interest Rate Level
Figure 8: Xinhua Insurance's liquidity level.
2.1.1 Current status of the industry: The “asset waste” of premiums increases the difficulty of asset allocation. The country is in transition, with interest rates falling from 3.5 per cent in 12 years to 1.5 per cent in one year and 3.93 per cent in one year in terms of returns on bank accounts. Contrary to falling interest rates, the industry is exposed to personal risk.
The change in fees has eased the level of interest rates set for insurance products, the expected interest rates for new products are moving closer to other market properties, and the market competitiveness of the industry is increasing. 14 years, the State Council issued a new ten-article plan for the insurance sector, which sets out development goals, and 16 years, the Insurance Regulatory Council.
Publication of the “13th Five-Year Plan for the Development of China's Insurance Industry” further ensures the growth trend in the industry over the next four years, the growth of the balance in the use of insurance funds in the East, the increasing need for new asset allocation, according to our calculations, annual insurance funds
The proportion of gold that needs to be configured is around 25%. Market interest rates are running low, and the allocation of industry assets under “asset waste” is becoming more difficult. As insurance rates become marketable, insurance premiums are shrinking, asset liabilities are falling at the end of the rate of return, and we estimate that the allocation of insurance funds will be challenging for a long time.
Figure 13: Income gap for insurance funds continues to narrow, Figure 14: Balance of use of insurance funds continues to grow. 2.1.2 Working comparison: Old Xinhua achievements in the silver insurance channel
Xinhua Insurance has grown rapidly and has become more profitable since the liberalization of listing finance. In 11-15 years, Xinhua Insurance has grown at a four-year compound rate of 9.75%, ranking third in the list. (Safety net profits, Xinhua Insurance has increased at a four-year compound rate of 32.39%.)
Figure 15: Increase in operating income of four listed venturers (%): Increase in net profit of four listed venturers (%)
Xinhua, led by previous leaders, has achieved a higher market impact. The share of the company’s premium market has been in the industry’s front line, and the fast-paced development of the silver market has contributed to Xinhua’s development to date.
In the period from 08 to 13, the share of income from the insurance channel in personal life insurance was more than 50 per cent; the share of the insurance channel in the new business has been more than 60 per cent, and it has been among the top listed companies in recent years.
In 2016, companies changed their development strategies and took the initiative to reduce the sale of silver bonds, and the growth of company size premiums slowed down. At the end of the third quarter, the share of companies in the market was 5.42 per cent, and the market ranked sixth.
2.1.3 Development constraints: Long-term limitations on the structure of insurance policies as the market environment changes and the size of companies expands, and the Xinhua tradition relies mainly on the growth of silver insurance channels.
We believe that the most important problem affecting Xinhua’s development at this stage is the unevenness of the policy structure: the ratio of Xinhua’s new policy premiums has been high, at 72% in 14 years. Consistency products are typically higher-value insurance products.
For companies, the value of these products is low, and the viscosity of their counterpart customers is not conducive to their long-term development. The main sales of these products in Xinhua’s front-loading channels have been higher than other listed insurance companies for the last two years, reflecting an imbalance in the structure of the company’s policy.
Figure 19: Xinhua Insurance ' s first-year new policy premium has a higher percentage of premiums paid. Figure 20: Xinhua insurance refunds are higher than the current year ' s premium revenue. Problems with the structure of Xinhua ' s new policy premium have affected the growth of the company ' s new business value. Xinhua ' s new business value has increased at one rate.
It is lower than the other three listed companies, but Xinhua is no lower than the other three listed in terms of the scale of the increase in the cost of the new policy than the four listed companies are listed in figure 21: %: %: % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % %
At the end of the 15th year, the company established 16-year-old Xinhua.
The year's "Stability, Value Growth, Structural Optimization, Risk Control". According to available data, Xinhua has achieved better transformations over the past 16 years, with a rising value margin.
Xinhua's main push for value transformation has been the most prominent. Xinhua has pursued the transition strategy vigorously since the opening of the door. In January this year, Xinhua achieved 21.7 billion yuan in premiums, 25 per cent less than last year's, the largest decrease in the year; in the first half of the year, the company achieved 71,035 million yuan in premiums, a 2.2 per cent decline in the same year, with the size of the silver premium.
Figure 23: Xinhua's 16-year-old monthly premium revenue, Figure 24: Xinhua silver channel premium revenue has declined significantly, Figure 25: Xinhua's new business value has grown significantly faster than the new policy premium
Figure 26: New business values of Xinhua silver insurance channels are growing, with negative new policy premiums increasing, and the Xinhua debt end shift is mainly reflected in the policy term and product strategy end.
At the end of the 15th, Xinhua made it clear that the 16-year premium growth medium-term payment was a priority, and in the course of the examination, quantitative targets were applied to the growth of the paid-in-service, which, according to the mid-year data of 16 years, the company did achieve the pay-as-you-go.
Considerable growth in business, with nearly 40% of the new policy premium paid in instalments. By sub-channel, further progress will be made in the next period through agents, with a further increase in the share of the new single contribution, which will help to reduce the pressure on the cash flow of companies’ future premium growth and operations.
Figure 27: Mid-term contributions to Xinhua ' s new policy premium are close to 40 per cent. Figure 28: Changes in next-period contributions from sub-channels.
The industry is growing rapidly, the market for insurance products is becoming more attractive, and the premium for insurance products, represented by insurance coverage, has increased significantly. In the transition, Xinhua has largely promoted red and health insurance, which has allowed companies to remain more competitive in the market with their share of higher-security products, thereby steadily contributing to the optimization of the policy structure, and to the optimization of the policy structure.
For example, the company’s premium-sharing by its insurers is a “life-long” product of the red type, a combination of financial and security attributes for its clients, and a significant effect in terms of the company’s revenue from the premium. The Xinhua transition has been very effective: the company’s insurance policy structure has been optimized faster, and the cost of the end-of-debt has remained stable.
The ratio of insurance premiums to income reached 42.35 per cent, an increase of 2.82 percentage points from the end of 15 years, and the ratio of health insurance to the source of financial prosperity in the East. Figure 29: The ratio of traditional insurance to the structure of the Xinhua policy has risen steadily
Figure 30: The share of red and health insurance policies in the new policy has steadily increased. 2.2.2 At the end of the asset: modestly active pursuit of non-target investment opportunities. By mid-16, the size of Xinhua investment assets was $635,688 million, an increase of 4.79 per cent over the end of 15 years.
While investment assets in China have increased at a slower rate than in the other three listed companies, mainly as a result of the company ' s prior-period insurance policy structure, which has led to relatively low net inflows of corporate cash flows, it appears, on the other hand, that in a market environment in which interest rates are declining, new asset allocation pressures in New China are smaller than in the other three listed companies, with companies having a comparative advantage at the end of the asset allocation.
Figure 31: Growth in the size of Xinhua Insurance Investment Assets
Not high, mid-16 data show that the share of corporate equity investments was 15.58 per cent, a decrease of 2.41 percentage points from the end of 15 years, and that Xinhua was only higher than the share of equity assets allocated to the three other listed companies, but higher than the share of equities and funds in equity assets, which reached 10.99 per cent in mid-16 years.
The company's exposure to untied investment opportunities has been increasing. The share of Xinhua non-tender assets in mid-16 years has reached 31.02 per cent, an increase of 8.37 percentage points from the end of the 15th year. The pressure on venture capital asset allocation is high in a low-interest-rate environment, with companies balancing returns and risks in their investments, increasing the proportion of non-tender assets invested in commercial bank property.
In terms of the rate of return, non-target investments have indeed eased the pressure on companies to invest. East’s financial and intellectual booming sources, figure 33: Xinhua stock-fund investment ratio is higher than that of the other three listed venturers.
3. We appreciate the long-term growth potential of Xinhua.
The value of Xinhua’s new business has grown faster, at a compound rate of 16.64% over the last three years. The transformation of Xinhua has been deepening, the company’s business structure has been optimally optimized, and we continue to appreciate the growth of the company’s value of new business.
According to our previous analysis, the growth in the value of new insurance companies a year has largely benefited from the growth of standard premiums and an increase in the value contribution rate of new policies. The size of standard premiums has been influenced mainly by the size of new policies and new policies.
Xinhua has improved considerably in terms of the value contribution of the policy, which is influenced by the type and duration of the policy. With the increase in the mid-term payment of the new policy, the conversion rate from the company’s new policy premium to the standard premium will gradually increase.
The contribution of growth is relatively high (see our report Non-Bank Financial Sector Thematic Report II: The Poor Economic Environment does not represent Stagnating Insurance). Xinhua agents have been growing at a modest pace, but their quality has risen faster, and companies have focused more on their capacity to produce and operate. The efficiency of their agents is steadily increasing:
We can also increase the share of long insurance policies from the company’s new business value data, and the contribution of new insurance policies. In mid-16 years, corporate long insurance income reached the annual targets, with special emphasis on business development for more than 10 years, and we believe that the ratio of long insurance will continue.
Upgrade, we look forward to further growth in the value of the company ' s new unit. Figure 36: Ten-year premium and above in Xinhua ' s first annual premium. Figure 37: Ten-year premium and above in Xinhua ' s first annual premium.
The growth of each share of the net assets of Xinhua has been growing steadily over the past five years. By the end of 15, Xinhua had achieved each share of the net assets.
18.54 dollars, with a compound growth rate of 16.55 per cent over the past four years, significantly higher than the three other listed insurance companies (16.55 per cent) whose asset levels have been affected, with only four listed companies maintaining steady growth in net assets per share, and the largest improvement by the end of the third quarter, which we believe has largely benefited from public gains.
At the end of the fifteenth year, the rate of change per share of net assets in Xinhua was 21.4 per cent, which was only lower than that of a listed insurance company in Xinhua (21.43 per cent) > Xinhua (21.4 per cent) > Country Life (17.66 per cent) > .
The ratio of return on investments (combined return on investments = (investment returns + other combined gains + gains/losses on fair values)/average net assets) is continuously rising. Corporate total investment returns/average net assets reached 89.91 per cent at the end of 15 years.
Figure 39: Xinhua combined investment returns have risen steadily and are higher than other listed venturers 4. Profit forecasting and valuation.
Xinhua Insurance (601336): a second leap will be made in the transition.
Liu Xiaoning, Master of Quantities in Economics, studies in non-bank finance.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.