Xinhua Insurance (601336) In-depth report on value transformation, increasing growth potential The Division is listed simultaneously on the Hong Kong United Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The company is powerful.
The life insurance sales team and approximately 5.25 million regular employees have established a network of institutions and diversified distribution channels at all levels of the country, covering almost all provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions.
There are approximately 1700 institutions offering a range of accessible, high-quality life insurance, health insurance, personal accident insurance, and Xinhua insurance for approximately 27,106,000 individual life insurance clients and about 71,000 institutions The reasons for recommending Xinhua insurance are as follows:
The rise of our middle class provides an opportunity to develop business insurance, which, as the foundation of society, will be complemented by commercial, policy-based medical and old-age insurance operations that will unleash a huge shift in value in time.
The high value growth reflects the increased profitability of the future through the transformation, and as the company moves deeper, the effectiveness of the optimized structure of its business will gradually be demonstrated, resulting in the company ' s long-term corporate portfolio performing generally better than its counterparts in recent years, reflecting a more flexible asset mix.
(c) The company is a large national life insurance company with Xinhua Asset Management Ltd. and Xinhua Homes.
In 2011, the company was listed simultaneously on the Hong Kong United Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The company has a strong pool of life insurance sales workers and about 5.25 million regular employees, creating several networks of institutions and diversified distribution channels covering the country’s provinces, cities, autonomous regions, and around 1700 branches at all levels.
Homes, provision of a range of accessible, high-quality life insurance, health insurance, personal accident and old-age insurance services to approximately 2,716,000 individual life insurance clients and about 71,000 institutional clients.In the first three quarters of 2016, companies achieved RMB 93,418 million in income from insurance operations, with total assets of the company reaching the scale
On August 8, 2016, Shanghai Renaissance High Technology Ltd. purchased 5.5 billion shares of the Xinhua Insurance stock through a centralized stock exchange, and after the completion of the deal, the percentage of the Renaissance Group holdings was raised from 4.99% to 5.01%, and Xinhua Insurance.
Health insurance income from the previous insurance policy was $40,425 million, an increase of 67.71 per cent over the same period; accident insurance income from the previous insurance scheme is shown in figure 2: Accumulated premiums from the personal insurance policy. Health insurance is an increasingly important part of the personal insurance policy, and the contribution from the insurance policy is more and more important than the personal insurance policy.
8.49 per cent at the end of 2012, 10.2 per cent at the end of 2013, 12.18 per cent at the end of 2014 and the rapid development of health insurance at the end of 2015 point to a serious shortfall in health care coverage in China, which is increasingly becoming a necessary supplemental guarantee due to the high and rapid cost of health care, and the current rise of the Chinese middle class, especially the middle class, in relation to self-care.
The market share of personal insurance has grown. The top 20 personal insurance companies earned 87.26% of their premiums in 2016, the country lived and lived safely in the top two, the Gestapo went one to three, Andang went from ninth to fourth in 2015 and the market share.
It also rose from 3.4% to 5.26%, Xinhua slipped from the third to the fifth, and the share of the harmonious health market rose significantly, from human health to health.
It's a very peaceful life for a postman in a life of peace.
Life in the sea, life in the land, life in peace.
It's too much. It's too much. It's a life insurance.
Life, summer, sunshine.
The “13th Five-Year Plan for the Development of China Insurance Industry” requires the insurance industry to participate actively in the construction of the social security system and to make commercial insurance an important pillar of the social security system.
Expanding the multi-level system of pension services: active development of commercial pension insurance linked to enterprise and occupational pension payments; promotion of the individual income tax deferred commercial pension insurance; support for participation in the comprehensive reform of the various basic old-age insurance schemes and old-age services; development of diversified health insurance: encouraging the accelerated development of commercial health insurance linked to basic health insurance;
The regulatory level has led the insurance sector to return to security. More recently, IMSS has emphasized the “insurance of the family name” and has deepened the personal insurance market.
Supply-side structural reforms, new policies, better supervision at the end of assets and liabilities, leading the insurance industry back to figure 5: Regulatory emphasis on “insurance” 3.
3.1 Corporate value transformation goals The company proposes to build the “China's best financial services group with its full-scale life insurance business at its core” development goal, with its “stable size, value growth, structural optimization, risk management” as the overall basis for development, further deepening.
Management has focused more on the sustainability of business and value growth, and has accelerated the rollover, especially for ten years and more. The development of guaranteed products such as old age, accidents, etc., has continued to enrich the company’s product lines.
3.2 The initiative to restructure the business has led to a decrease in premium revenue, which has increased at a cumulative rate of 0.63 per cent for Xinhua Insurance in 2016, compared with 18.3 per cent for Chinese life and 26.5 per cent for Pacific life and 32 per cent for life insurance. As can be seen, Xinhua insurance has been significantly lower than its main listed partner.
The reason for this is that companies have taken the initiative to restructure their operations, compress their silver insurance channels and compress their handouts, thereby increasing the real benefits and value of their operations. 3.3 The business structure has been significantly optimized.
Marketing channels continue to rise. Marketing channels are an important factor affecting the performance of insurance companies. Xinhua Insurance I has a strong advantage over silver insurance. From mid-2015 to mid-2016, changes in the structure of corporate channels have been evident: banks have continued to decline in insurance channels, from 52% to 42%, a decrease of 10 percentage points; and marketing channels have increased from 39%.
At the rate of increase, the first annual premium payment from the medium-term marketing channel increased by 29.35% in 2016, and this figure is also shown in figure 8: the Xinhua insurance channel structure 2016h, where the traditional risk ratio continues to rise. The ratio of traditional and health insurance has risen, and the ratio of red risk has declined.
The value of the new business represents the economic value of the new life insurance operations sold over a period of time, as estimated by actuarial methods. Low growth in the company’s original premium income and the value of the new business
The high growth demonstrated the effectiveness of the company’s business architecture, that is, although the size of the premium has not increased significantly, the spread and share of long-term paid-out products have increased, leading to an increase in the company’s ability to sustain profits in the future.
4.1 Corporate portfolio structure Medium-term creditor-type investments accounted for 63.9 per cent of total investment assets in 2016, an increase of 9.1 percentage points from the end of the previous year, owing mainly to the increased allocation of asset-specific investment assets in creditor-based investments.
The amount of $206,650 million represents 31.0 per cent of total investment assets, an increase of 8.4 percentage points from the end of the previous year.The highest percentage of assets type invested was commercial bank property, accounting for 36.8 per cent of total non-target asset investments, and an increase of 24.9 percentage points from the end of the previous year.
Correspondingly, time deposits are better than colleagues, thanks to more flexible asset allocation and better portfolio management. Because insurance companies have little value assessment, we start with pb-band, where the stock price is in the market.
Between 1.5 and 3 times pb, the current ratio is about 2.2 times higher, and it is in the middle of the zone. In summary, we recommend Xinhua Insurance for the following reasons:
(a) Commercial, policy-based medical and old-age insurance operations will release huge development space;
(b) In recent years, the corporate portfolio has generally performed better than its counterparts, reflecting more flexible asset allocation and better downward space.
In this rating system, the “market index” refers to a depth of 300 indexes. In the risk preference rating, products that do not refer to a specific range of recommendations and ratings are given a base risk rating according to the market studied by the product.
The basic risk rating for the study is general: a study on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds, and macroeconomic policies, with a low risk rating. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a diligent, professional attitude, independent and objective approach.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.