The net rate differentials have improved, and the quality of the assets has improved to a good driver of profit growth, Martinine, by making less provision for higher profit growth and a recovery in net interest differentials has led to an improvement in the income end.
Drives a high growth in profits. The first three quarters saw a 7.2% increase in the net return profits of the booming banks over the same period, and the increase in profits was mainly due to a low provision, totalling $21.29 billion in the previous three quarters, of which q3 was taken up by Chiang Jiang Song-won in the first quarter.
7.04 billion, or 1.325 billion less than q2. The income end season has improved significantly, with interest-rate differentials rising again, net income rings growing positively: q3 quarter-time growth by 4.09%, and single-season income ratios having changed negative for the first time since this year. Largely due to a steady increase in average daily size of interest-bearing assets, interest differentials have recovered steadily.
The interest net income ring increased by 5.46 per cent; the net interest difference of q3 recovered. The q3 net interest difference measured on the basis of the average balance caliber at the end of the period increased by 6bps over q2 and will continue to rise steadily in the future as the asset-liability end structure continues to improve and if the interest rate level in the peer market stabilizes.
▪ Assets end compressed investment-type assets and liabilities end deposits grew slowly. Assets end: loans grew steadily and remained stable for three consecutive quarters. It is expected that, after deducting settlement deposits, the ratio of partner certificates to peer liabilities will remain stable, negative balances will increase at a slower pace and asset quality will improve further steadily in September.
The end-of-life bank failure rate was 1.60 per cent, stable for three consecutive quarters, falling by 100 million dollars from the end of 16 years, with the negative balance slowing at a slower rate. Loans of concern increased by between 0.13 pc and 3 per cent from the end of June.
Reduction in the provision of the Bank of Employers (7,041 million in q3 quarter, or 1.325 billion by ring), a slight decrease of 2.1pc to 220.41 per cent compared to the end of June, but still relatively high in share-stock lines  profitability forecasts and investment ratings: the rate of bad banking in the ECP has remained stable for three consecutive quarters, with more than negative coverage.
The growth rate slowed and the quality of the assets improved steadily further, leading to a significant reduction in the same ratio of the provision to the profit. 2. Bank of Henging reported in 2017 that: Keeping the capital up high. The recovery in net interest differentials contributed to an improvement in net interest income and increased profitability.
Improved quality of production drives profit growth, positive adjustment of asset and liability structure - Figure 6: Employing bank deposit structure
Figure 8: Portfolio capital adequacy. East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.