The new signed single data is stable and the business project is well advanced. Events: The company revealed in the Wittwe public that the first global demonstration project on the integration of hydrogen from the constant-temperature organic fluid storage was successfully completed and the Chinese chemical actively implemented the National Double Carbon War.
The company is the leading industry in the country in chemical engineering. The company gathers R & D, invests, surveys, and sets up \triangleright.
A research and development platform has been set up under the umbrella of planning, procurement, construction and operation. As of the 2022 annual report, the company had 13 national enterprise technology centres, 1 national energy research and development centre, 3 provincial enterprise technology centres, 7 provincial engineering and technology research centres, and 7 doctoral studies.
Research workstations and 18 national high-tech enterprises. \triangleright, where construction works are mainly made up of chemical engineering, infrastructure and environmental governance.
In the area of construction in the Chocrochemical industry, 90 per cent of the country's chemical projects were designed and built, 70 per cent of the rocks s01052205001.
The chemical industry and the infrastructure industry, by industry, contributed to the company ' s main revenue and gross profits, as compared to the 2022 revenue of the chemical industry and infrastructure industry, Liu Lungi, research assistant.
\triangleright 6330 tons of pbat capacity and 330,000 tons of endamide capacity, while the company has the leading technologies of poe, ultra-high molecules, polyethylene and soi silicon-resistive pressure sensitive chips.
At the end of July 2022, Tianqing completed the construction of the entire production line and entered the production process, and the capacity load of Din and Dinin is gradually increasing, with 600,000 tons of epoxy per year produced in Tianqing State, propane, 30,000 tons of annual energy-conservation materials produced by Sai Dinco, and so on, are expected to be operational in 2023, Poirot.
The overall completion of the industrial complex (gcc) has reached 42.1%, and the company’s industry profile has kept the company’s performance growing. Investment advice: as the company’s industry’s profile continues to grow, the company’s profitability may improve.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.