The impact of the epidemic has been a quarterly increase, and the price of the film unit and the Māori rate have continued to rise. - Forster's first quarter of 2020 reported a decline in income and net return profit, a slight increase in net return profit and a similar increase in the Māori rate.
Quarterly reports issued by the company in 2020: 1.509 billion yuan, or 6.54 per cent of the year; 175 million yuan, or 28.31 per cent, of the net return to the mother; 149 million yuan, or the single price of the company's main product, which fell mainly as a result of the decline in sales and harvests caused by the epidemic
In addition, there was an increase of $77 million in credit impairment losses during the same period last year, as well as an additional $69 million in asset disposal gains over the same period last year (as a result of, inter alia, payments for the demolition of the p3 plant).
• The epidemic affects the sale of film in a quarter, the increase in the sales of whiteeva and poe drives the increase in unit prices, the company produces 171 million square metres of film in a quarter, corresponding to -13.76 per cent and the ring to -15.24 per cent. The decline in the sale of photo-voltaic membrane in a major product in a quarter is evident, and we analyse two main reasons:
Intra-epidemiological effects, late resumption of work at the assembly plant, insufficient start rate; the spread of overseas outbreaks since mid-March, and the blockage of the delivery of component orders, have also affected the incentive of the assembly plant to purchase raw materials. Furthermore, the group has the lowest/highest (in yuan) in a year:
Pre-spring supplies have also affected company sales to some extent during the first quarter of the year. A quarter of a quarter of increased demand for photo-voltaic film has led to an increase in the share of whiteeva and poe sales with higher unit prices and Māori rates. • Business on electronic materials is progressing well and is expected to become a new material platform company
In 2015, the company began to set a strategic target of “a light-based master industry and a vigorous development of other new material industries”, with electronic materials as a priority, except for photovoltaic materials. In 2019, the company generated 57 million yuan (0.9 per cent) in sales of electronic materials, although the share of revenue (0.9 per cent) was modest.
Other materials, such as aluminium plastic film, fccl, have been marketed, and the company is expected to become a new material platform company in the future.
We believe that the company’s elastic poles are strong, and the scale effect has created a very high cost-control capacity, and that the promotion of business such as the photo-dry film further strengthens the new material strategy. The construction of the project to raise funds for the white-white eva film, the poe-dynamy film and the light-dry film will further increase the company’s market share in the future, with the sales of new products taking place.
"Photo-Flammation Plumbing Pulse Plateau, Electronic Materials Industry" "Emergency of the Pulse will continue, new business will be worth a while."