2021q1 Quarterly Review: Rapid recovery of medical and pharmaceutical businesses 28/04/2021 Growth is expected to accelerate the landing of high-end medical and aesthetic products from companies
▪ Events: 2021q1 achieved operating income of $8.897 billion, an increase of 3.47 per cent in the same year; net profit of $758 million, a decrease of 33.90 per cent in the same year; net profit of $696 million, a deduction from non-repatriation of the mother, a decline in the pharmaceutical industry, which was affected by a partial reduction in prices for products, with a expectation of subsequent growth in the stock of innovative varieties.
2021q1 lost revenue and profits, mainly as a result of the same decline in the pharmaceutical industry. The medicine industry’s core subsidiary, Mid-East 2020q1, received $3.092 billion in net profit, 85.30%.
The company, in collaboration with bd, is now making significant progress in the area of innovative medicines, including the approval of clinical trials for the ovarian cancer adc drug and the acquisition of bi-specific antibodies.
Prominent clinical development and commercialization interests in the Greater China District, etc., will be the next engine of growth in the pharmaceutical industry, with future innovations approved for sale. In the quarter of q1, corporate pharmaceutical commerce has been growing at a 16% rate.
The impact of the internal epidemic has largely subsided, the controlling subsidiary, Ningbo, has seen 63.3 per cent growth in medical and US business revenues, and while the impact of the overseas epidemic has not ended, the fully-owned subsidiary, Sinclair, has continued to grow by 12.7 per cent over the same period, so we expect the q1 quarter medical and US business to grow by 46 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
In keeping with our expectations about the annual rate of increase in medical and American operations, as vaccinations, among other things, benefit the sea-based product lines, when the "girl needle" is approved, and when the "girl needle" is marketed on the domestic market in the second half of 2021, the "girl needle" will be sold to the local market.
In addition to the recovery of the domestic market, we estimate that the US-American business as a whole is expected to return to pre-epidemiological levels and above, and that the US-American business as a whole is expected to earn $1.35 billion or more in 2021.
In China, the company’s high-end medical products are expected to accelerate their arrival. According to the company’s announcement, 1) in terms of consumption such as injection filling, the silhouette experiment is well under way, and the maili has started registration in China. 2)
With regard to medical equipment, the introduction of R2 cold-touched beauty machinef0 is actively preparing for sale on the Chinese market, and the registration of Fo and Fi in the global market is progressing steadily; the refrigerated products of Hightech, a subsidiary, have been certified and are actively registered in China. In Hainan Xinjin, China supports the high end of development.
In the case of the medical-American industry, the company’s internationalization of high-end medical products is in line with policy incentives and is expected to accelerate registration and marketing in the domestic market in Hainan.  Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we maintain the expected corporate operating income for 2021-2023, respectively
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board