8th of the series of reports from China Air Shen Fei: from civilian aircraft to production, from China to China, from China to China.
We've developed from Shen Fei, from the history of Shen Fei, from the development of Loma, from the production and pricing of f-35, from the point of view of Ding-31, from the development of drones, and from the pulsation bus. This time, we're looking at the value of Shen Fei from China.
Large civilian aircraft are made in high-tech, high-input, high-risk industries. After the 1970’s, with rapid increases in aircraft R & D costs and increasing competition in the global market for large aircraft, to reduce R & D costs, shorten R & D and production cycles, reduce project risks and increase
Strong product competitiveness, in the course of development, aircraft manufacturers expand the scope of their external cooperation, including through subcontracting. In addition to earning operating income and profits, subcontractors (subcontractors) in cooperation with large aircraft manufacturers, such as Boeing and Airfarers, can acquire more advanced manufacturing techniques, processing processes and management experience within a relatively short period of time; in addition, subcontracting can contribute to some extent to the aviation system of the mission country.
Subcontracting means that the contractor, with its own technology, funds, equipment, licences, etc., enters into a contract with the contractor for the manufacture of parts and components or clusters, which is the most common division of labour in the aviation industry and occurs between the various levels of the system of division of labour. The components of the aircraft can be divided into three main categories:
For aircraft manufacturers, the body structure, engine and on-board equipment can be divided into two types of supplier, with the supplier directly providing the body structure, start-up and record-keeping equipment being the first-level supplier, whereas the supplier providing the components or components to the first-level supplier is the second-tier supplier. Aviation engines, owing to their complex structure, harsh operating environments, high technical requirements, also need to be outsourced by the aircraft manufacturer at an early stage in the development of the large aircraft.
After the 1970s, more and more airframe structures were acquired through outsourcing, and larger aircraft were gradually shifting to equipment integrators, retaining only core competitiveness and supply chain control and management capabilities.
The proportion of outsourced production has increased rapidly as large manufacturers invest their major resources in core competitiveness. In 2012, the size of the global private outsourcing market was $18.5 billion: in 2014, the figure grew to $25 billion, with a 16% compound growth rate.
The outsourcing of Boeing is rare, especially in aircraft construction, and is largely not outsourced: in the 1990s, the Boeing 777 project outsourced about 30 per cent: 70 per cent of Boeing 787 outsourced, the production and assembly of large components, such as wings and bodies, were performed by other companies, and Boeing was only designed and integrated.
Sub-contractors can be classified according to the technical level of the components produced. Euro-Japanese enterprises are in the first tier, where first-tier suppliers and risk collaborators are usually located and can be involved in the R & D, engineering and integration of large components: South Korea, China, Mexico, etc., are in the second tier, mainly in the manufacture and assembly of small components; and India, Russia, etc., are in the third tier.
Since the 1980s, our aviation-manufacturing enterprises have begun to participate in international cooperation, and after nearly 40 years of development, our aviation manufacturing industry has made great progress in the area of civilian air chartering.
In 2014, the global sub-contracting market was about $25 billion, with Europe and the United States bearing it.
In Asia, Japan was the largest participant in the civilian air chartering industry, initially producing simple components such as airframes, hatches, etc., and is now able to take over the production of complex components, even more so in Boeing 787.
While domestic aviation manufacturers, mainly carrying the hatches, flaps, tails, etc., are not yet in a position to become large-scale component suppliers for Boeing Airbusters, domestic manufacturers of civilian aircraft are beginning to work in the area of large aircraft and common aircraft manufacturing, as domestic private mechanisms build up the productive capacity of their firms.
As of November 2017, there were 27 clients in c919, with a cumulative order of 730 orders estimated at $50 million, engines and on-board equipment supplied mainly by foreign suppliers, and the airframe structure provided by a number of companies operating under the China-China industry, which accounted for 30% of the total aircraft cost, and the domestic sub-market, which was generated only by c919, would amount to $10 billion.
By 2017, 433 orders had been obtained for arj21-700, a total of 343 orders for a new body of 60/600, and a total of 185 orders for a new body of 700, which would also generate substantial turn-over revenues for contributing spare parts manufacturers. Our general aviation development has also entered the fast track and, according to the Guidance for the Promotion of the General Aviation Industry of the Office of the State Council, by 2020, there were more than 5,000 aircraft for the general purpose of developing a fleet of commercially owned aircraft.
The proportion of UAVs and UAVs with competitive capabilities in the UAV fleet has significantly increased and will greatly facilitate domestic aviation. Figure 4: China's commercial and domestic suppliers
\triangleright \rangleright Shen has been working closely with Boeing Airfarers in the area of civil aircraft outsourcing, with extensive manufacturing experience in the production of civilian aircraft components.
Since the first sub-contract with the British Space Corporation, more than 30 years of civil aircraft development experience have been in progress. Since 1999, the company has been working with air passengers on the a320 wing project to produce wings for air passengers, followed by a power tank project. In 1990, the Department began to produce aircraft spare parts for Boeing, the first of which was a 757 cargo hatch; and five years later, it has signed a contract for a B737ng aircraft, with a 48-point contract and opened it.
(c) The company then provided the Boeing 777 aircraft with vertical and horizontal stability in front of the torque box panels and began production with technical difficulties in 2015.
With the larger b777 tail wing tip, the collaboration has led to new processes such as the production of high-volatile compound parts, the ploughing of monsoons, metal glue, etc. The company’s build-up capacity has risen to a new level. Shen Fei has grown into a world-class supplier of civil aircraft structures with core capabilities, such as the development and manufacture of large civil aircraft structures.
Shenflee has more extensive and intensive cooperation with Bombardy Canada. Starting in 2006, the company supplied Bombardy with a feeder passenger plane to produce a barrel segment of the 8-q400 aircraft (including cabin doors, front airframes, mid-air bodies, rear airframes and systems) and the tailings, and became the only supplier of the corresponding components, the first company in the country to become a core supplier in the first stage of civilian chartering, and started full-air connection in 2011.
Since 2008, the company has worked with the Bombardy series of large aircraft (100-149) to become its risk partner, the first project in our country to enter the new international civil aircraft by means of a model of risk cooperation, making my national airline industry a first-level provider of air charters for the development and development of large civilian aircraft structures, which has greatly raised the profile of the civil aviation industry in the global industrial chain;
In the project, Shen Fei was responsible for the R & D assembly of the aerodrome, the mid-air and the back drum sections, accounting for 60 per cent of all the aerodrome work.
In the next 20 years, new aircraft purchases in the global civil aircraft market will be as large as $5 trillion, and with accumulated manufacturing techniques and management experience in the sub-contracting business, Shen Fei’s civil aircraft business will develop even more. Moreover, our low market share in the international sub-contracting of civil aircraft also shows the potential for the development of aviation manufacturing enterprises, which is likely to advance even more as production manufacturing technology advances.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Zhang Cheuk Qi's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.