Seven out of a series of reports from China: From the pulse, from the line, from the line, from China, from China, from China, from China, from China, from China, from China, from China, to China, from China, from China.
We've developed from Shen Fei, from the history of Shen Fei, from the development of Loma, from the production and pricing of f-35, from the point of view of dynamite-31 and from the development of drones. This time, we've studied the value of Shen Flying China.
Similar to the production of mechanical products, the manufacture of aircraft consists mainly of two types of tasks: the production and assembly of spare parts, but the production of aircraft is unique; the variety of aircraft spare parts, the number of Boeing 787 spare parts exceeds 2 million; and the assembly of the aircraft ' s total and even large spare parts, which involves specializations.
Complex, diverse types of work, multi-manual technical documentation, and complex tool kit types make the aircraft fit for long cycles; military aircraft, whether military or civilian, are particularly prominent, given the complexity of the demands, the number of aircraft models, the low yield of the same configuration, and the small number of different types of spare parts production problems. As a result, aircraft production has traditionally been excluded from the production of water lines similar to those used in cars, generally using stations.
At the end of the twentieth century, the idea of a sophisticated production derived from the production of Toyota was widely noted in the manufacturing industry, where the Boeing combined with the characteristics of the aircraft's total assembly, and the Boeing combined with the characteristics of the aircraft.
A new form of mobile assembly - pulsed assembly - has been introduced to address the disadvantages of traditional station production, significantly shortening assembly cycles and increasing productivity.
Figure 1: A Pulseassembly is an intermittent movement between a continuous mobile assembly (waterline production) and a station assembly assembly.
The formula, in short, is to divide the totals into several workspaces, to assemble different parts and spare parts in different workspaces, and, upon completion of the assembly, to move the plane to the next station, to complete the follow-up assembly work until the aircraft is offline, which means that the entire production line is pulsated once. The following is a detailed description of the pulsed production line 787 Boeing.
Pulse production assembly lines for Boeing 787 are divided into five workspaces (workspace 0-4): Workspace 0 is a pre-assembly area, where large aircraft components, such as wings, tail wings, engines, etc., are parked and completed. For example, wings are used to complete the installation of flaps, internal pipes, and electrical equipment.
Workspace 1 completes the pre-airframe, the mid-body, the rear-body, the main docking assembly of the left, right wing and tail 6 components, first locates the mid-air body, and the other parts are docked to the mid-air. Workspace 2 is equipped with landing gears, engines, etc., so the aircraft's heights need to be raised; and sub-structure installation and pipelines are completed here.
End-of-life installation of hydraulic systems: Installation of an aircraft electronic system, auxiliary power set-up and interior fittings in working area 3 and completion of preliminary testing of the system.
The total pulsation line has changed the traditional aircraft assembly pattern, breaking the constraints of non-movable production in the production of aviation and complex military-industrial products, applying the principles and methods of sophisticated manufacturing, and disaggregating the assembly tasks evenly to several different stations, effectively improving the efficiency of the total assembly of aircraft, improving the quality of the assembly and reducing the labour intensity of workers and achieving low-cost and rapid response manufacturing of aircraft.
Figure 2: Boeing 787 Pulse assembly line Figure 3: Boeing 7871 Workspace
The development of the foreign pulsating line is striking: Boeing established its first pulsating bus in 2000 and applied to the manufacture of the Apache helicopter, which was constantly improved during its use and achieved great results, reducing the full-time assembly hours by 85% and achieving the highest achievement in United States production in 2005.
Award — “New Towns Award.” Rapid development: As the technology of the pulsed bus has grown, its production advantages have become more evident, and Boeing has expanded its response to it, applying the pulsed bus to all commercial aircraft, including Boeing 737, Boeing 757 and the latest Boeing 787.
737 A reduction of 46 per cent in the total assembly cycle of the combined-loading mobile line, which was considered by the United States Leaning Aviation Innovation Program (lai) as a “model of lean and efficient production”. Although the pulsed assembly is better suited to a larger number of commercial aircraft, efficiency gains are already being realized in a number of smaller military aircraft, such as the introduction of a pulsed bus to the projected production of 100 to 200 Boeing p8a anti-submarine electronic surveillance aircraft.
With the involvement of other major aircraft manufacturers, following Boeing, the United States company Loma completed its f-35 pulmonary assembly line in 2003-2004, the Italian company August Westerland established a pulsating assembly line for the W159 armed helicopters at the United Kingdom factory in Joville in 2011, and the Canadian company Bombardy established a pulsating assembly line for the new C100 series and operated in 2016.
“Transboundary” extension: from total assembly to component assembly. In recent years, as the technology for pulse assembly matures, large parts of the aircraft have also started to use a pulse assembly line, which is a source of financial growth in the East.
The engine hangars of the c-17 transport aircraft use a pulsating assembly line, with a 20% reduction in the assembly cycle and a 10% reduction in cost; the production line for the horizontal and vertical tails of the Bo 787 composite material structure and the skin-skin-walled production of the composite material of the empty passenger a 350 is also running: France’s Fried Peak Air Engines changed the traditional ge-in-the-stamp assembly process.
Pulse assembly of the cfm56 engine was achieved in 2011, reducing the assembly cycle by 35%. From assembly to maintenance extended. In 2003, the British Air Force and the British space shuttle Bae introduced a pulse maintenance line, which reduced repair and maintenance weeks and costs for the "till" aircraft by 25%, significantly increasing aircraft attendance. In 2005, American Boeing operated the kc-135 transporter.
Back at the plant maintenance, the use of the pulse maintenance line reduced the maintenance cycle by 18% and won the United States “savvy excellence prize.” In 2010, the German Lufthansa built the Cfm/v2500 engine for the decomposition/re-engineering and re-engineering of the engine, with the major renovation cycle being reduced from more than 60 days from the aircraft to other products. In 2008, Boeing established a lean pulse assembly line for the new generation of the United States military gps satellite, albeit only for its own benefit.
With 12 satellite manufacturing missions, Boeing has successfully used the pulse assembly line to a very small volume of highly complex products. Babcock International, United Kingdom, used a pulse production line consisting of 12 stations to reach the level of 1 Japanese vehicle in the production of a “bock-type” patrol vehicle.
The country’s pulmonary assembly line technology has made a breakthrough and has developed rapidly, not only successfully in the overall installation of the aircraft, but also in the production of some components. In 2010, in five years, the Chinese airliner flew west to build the country’s first pulsar production line.
The level of domestic aircraft manufacturing has increased significantly; the production of one l-15 in nine days can be achieved through the use of a pulse production line by Hungdu Aviation: in 2016, the 9 pulsed production line for the mid-flight flight was accepted and launched the following year: the production of the Western fly-off “flying panthers” and the transport-20, also using the pulse production line, and there are press reports of the production line attached to the four-generation aircraft – 10 and 20 flights.
In the area of spare parts, in 2013 the Chinese Aviation Industry has implemented a pulsating assembly line in the assembly of components of the T-10 complex, increasing production rates by 83 per cent, combined staff efficiency by 47 per cent and product failure rates by 85 per cent; China ' s pilot engine pulse production lines are positive in figure 5: 20 production lines
In the future, the construction of the pulsed bus is expected to enter the fast track, with significant improvements in company productivity and faster performance, if the engine 15 is picked up or approved by the military and abroad.
In 2014, Shen Fei, for the first time in the country, built a pulsating platform production line with aircraft, and developed a productive capacity that has accumulated experience in the use of the pulsating pulsating line, and in the production of fine production tubes, which can also provide valuable reference to the production of other civilian sub-packing components in Shen, which is expected to improve the efficiency of the production of the company ' s existing products.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Zhang Cheuk Qi's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.