6th of the series of reports on the development of the UAV and the development of the UAV.
China's Shen Fei incident is being evaluated, and with the passage of our time, the trend of future wars will surely be invisible. For now, the development of drones is at the forefront of unmanned war equipment, and in recent years many countries have been developing unmanned tanks and drones.
The development of drones began with the drones used to train anti-aircraft gunners during World War II. After World War II, many of the retired aircraft were converted into drones.
In the 1980’s, the world’s fastest-growing drones were in Israel, which in 1982 used drones in the Beqa’a Valley air battles.
After detecting the location of the missiles, the drones led the manned warplanes to strike, destroying 19 missiles all in six minutes, creating miracles in the history of air warfare. Then, the US introduced Israeli drones to improve, playing a vital role in the subsequent Gulf and Kosovo wars.
The current trend in drones is to have a combat capability that can destroy targets while carrying out reconnaissance missions, and create a single drone. And the future drones should have the autonomy to communicate autonomously between drones and drones, to navigate autonomously, and to become fully intelligent drones.
In the 1950s, the Soviet Union cancelled its aid to China, and the drones used in our air force tests were seriously missing.
In December 1966, our first mid-air high-altitude drone pilot was successful in a test flight. The Long Space One and its series of improvements played an important role in the mission of testing our empty-air weapons, sampling nuclear weapons tests, and so forth.
After several shooting downs of the U.S. Firebee drones on the Vietnamese border, our first unmanned high-altitude reconnaissance aircraft, Rainbow 1, completed a scheduled test flight in May 1978, with optical cameras and television/ex-visit infrared cameras, the main use of which was the use of radio cameras.
In high-altitude, subsonic-sonic flight conditions, daytime visual photo surveillance missions, replacement of aircraft mission loads and equipment, can also be used for atmospheric sampling, terrain mapping, or as a target machine.
For some time now, the design and manufacture of our drones have been done by several universities, including the Westerners, the North and the South. In recent years, our aviation industry has begun to intervene in this domain and has developed dozens of new types of military drones, including hidden drones, foldable drones, short-range wings.
Drone, micro drone, flying drones, etc., the source of financial prosperity in the East, the state of development of the drones.
Shen Fei now owns two series of Sword drones, the Sword and the Dark Sword, and one more. According to public information, only the Sword drones have completed their first flight, and the development and development of the other two drones has not been officially disclosed.
First of all, it's an advanced, invisible drone, designed by the Chinese pilot Shen Fei, and built by the Chinese flood. The project was launched in 2009 and, after more than three years of testing, was built on 13 December 2012 in Hongdu. On 21 November 2013, it successfully completed its first flight, making our country the third autonomous development in the world.
Sword drones use the wings of the world’s current mainstream high-end drones, with good hidden capabilities and operational viability. The emergence of Sword drones can be said to have enabled China to cross from drones to drones.
In fact, as early as December 2006 at the Pearl Sea show, it was designed to be completely different from the current design of the mainstream military drone, using innovative trigonometric lifts and refrigerating wings in the duck configuration, which suggests that it could become the first drone in the world with supersonic cruise capability.
Sword, the drone's power unit, using the abdominal air layout and single engines, can be judged to be a medium-sized fighter with a volume greater than seven and a slightly smaller than eight. The Dark Sword should be similar to a fourth-generation fighter, F-35, with a combat radius of 800 to 1,000 km when using a standard flight profile.
Capable of carrying about 1000-1500 kg loads in the inner chamber of the airframe, four 250 kg guided bombs or an equal number of sd-10 empty missiles can be mounted on a combat mission. The Dark Sword drone is likely to become the new generation over time, leading the future of the drone.
We have discussed the case of the Great Sculptor, a high-altitude drone that can be used for strategic reconnaissance missions, and long-time drones. The Great Sculptor is innovatively designed with two wings, 25 metres long, 50 metres wide and weight high.
Up to 20 tons, the largest drone in the world to date, crushing the U.S. Global Eagle drones physically. With a large body, the Great Sculpt can install two-band radars, with X-bands providing accurate fire control information and an anti-hidden capability. In addition, the Great Sculpt has enough space to install photosensors, ccd cameras, high frequency/VHF communications, data chains, etc., and complete electronic reconnaissance, infrared.
The drones currently under development in Shen Fei are strategic products, although the current progress in research and development is rather mysterious and the future of equipment is still in sight.
We don't know yet, but drones, as a key link in future wars, deserve attention.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Zhang Cheuk Qi's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.