Report Five in the series: From Dao-31, look at Shen Fly, look at Shen Fly.
On June 18th, Tsao-31 appeared for the first time on the Yoonyang News Network, which means that the medium-sized 4-generation warplane is active.
After the failure of four-generation heavy-duty fighters competing with the Chinese, Shen has continued to improve the programme to form the current medium-sized four-generation warplane, making our country the second country in the world to have two four-generation aircraft at the same time.
Dynamite-31 uses a single, double-haired, external, fully-motivated, flat-end routine air-motion layout, with larges bent into air lanes on both sides, with built-in bombs in the chamber. Demoton-31 has excellent hidden and aerodynamic capabilities and can perform air, ground and sea strikes, which can be described as one.
The size of a medium-sized four-generation aircraft in the United States of the same size, f-35, is thinner than the size of a four-generation aircraft in the United States, which corresponds to a smaller air barrier. Because of the dual-haired design and the delicate size of the aircraft, the payload capacity of the ammunition is slightly less than f-35, although, with a longer time lag and a longer range, it can guarantee 1,200 km of combat radius by in-house oil tanks.
Figure 1: A comparison of the angle of the engine with that of f-35, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the east, as a major player in foreign trade, has been favoured by a number of countries with lower sales prices and superior performances.
For countries with heavy hidden fighter jets, Dynamite-31 is the most appropriate option. Therefore, the future Dynamite-31 will have a large amount of \triangleright, also known as 3d printing, in the area of foreign trade, which has been increasingly applied to cutting-edge technology. This new technology has many advantages, for example.
Design flexibility, low production costs, short production cycles, etc.. This technology is now being applied in the aerospace field, and it is not only a new method for producing aircraft spare parts but also an indispensable part of the design process. Using 3d printing techniques, with the same quantity and strength, can accelerate production, reduce the number of parts that need to be assembled, or even reduce them.
The weight of the titanium alloy component is made from the 3d printing technology, which is an important component of the skeletons of the sculptor, and the tradition.
The use of 3d printing techniques to manufacture these components not only saves large-scale casting equipment, reduces the opening of molds, significantly shortens the development cycle, reduces the cost of manufacturing, but also produces components that are more stable and have better pull-up strength, resilience, durability and resilience.
Figure 2: The titanium alloy enabler, the source of the East's wealth, the future's preferred carrier.
With the equipment of our first carrier, the Liaoning, and the construction of national carriers 002 and 003, the demand for aircraft on board has increased considerably. At present, the fleet on board our ship, Liaoning, is three-generation and 15-generation aircraft, with a generational disadvantage for the American invisible carrier F-35. In order to enhance the combat capability of our carrier fleet, it is imperative that we develop a new generation of invisible fighter aircraft.
At present, our invisible fighter jets have the potential to be candidates for a new type of aircraft, but, in contrast, the potential to become a future aircraft. First, Shen Fei, as the unit for the development of our first aircraft, has a great deal of experience in aircraft development. Secondly, the smaller size of the aircraft means that more aircraft can be placed on the carrier, which determines the carrier's battle.
One of the key elements of a fighter plane is that the wing of the aircraft on board is typically designed to be folded, and the size and complexity of the larger trigonometric configuration is more difficult to adapt, with the folding structure exceeding the weight and complexity of D-31. In addition, a ground-based warplane requires 20% titanium alloys for the body and landing gear, compared to 25% for titanium alloys and a higher proportion of composite materials, which are used in S-31.
All of them have a higher push ratio, allowing them to take short lifts and drops on shorter decks. Figure 3: Dynamite-31 uses a lot of composite materials, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
In recent days, our national carrier 002 has successfully completed the sea test, which is expected to be officially delivered to our navy by the end of 2018 or early 2019. In recent years, our naval fleet has grown rapidly, with 5.55 million tons of naval equipment, and star ships, the national carrier 002, “breathing red” or carrier 003, which has already been built at the Jiangnan shipyard, have become the focus of public debate.
In recent days, a photo of the conference room was published in an official letter from China Heavy Industries, in the background of a picture of the tri-cargo carrier, one of which took off with the carrier leading two slide-off carriers, although it was subsequently deleted, but it revealed important information confirming the assumption that our carrier 003 would be ejected off.
Figure 4: Photos from the China-China Heavy Industry Conference Room triggered a warm discussion among our friends about a conventional-powered slide-off carrier and four conventional/nuclear-powered missile-launching carriers, which will require at least 160 dynasty-31 aircraft.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the profile of the research assistant.
Zhang's high-quality construction, civil-military integration, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.