To promote balanced production, with a significant increase in performance, to promote balanced production, with a significant increase in performance in the same ratio, 10,000 yen...and a great loss in performance.
The significant increase in revenue was mainly due to the company's drive towards balanced production, with product delivery nodes moving forward in 2018 compared to the same period in the previous year, with the company delivering 30 per cent of its total annual product in the first half of the year under the “1225” delivery target, as previously reported by the Chinese Air Service, Shen Fei had completed the first half of the year's mandate as planned.
On the profit side, we believe that when a company implements balanced production, the cost rates are very low compared to the previous year’s period, and should be compared to the year 2017. At the same time, the net interest rate on corporate overall sales in the first half of the year is that, as a result of sustained progress in balanced production, the company expects to deliver its main products in the third quarter and the previous year.
It is expected that there will be a significant improvement over the same period, that the accumulated net profit in the third quarter will be reversed to less than net profit in the first half of the year than in the same period in the previous year, and that the net operating cash flow in the first half of the year - 2,521 million yuan - is expected to match the profit throughout the year.
In the first half of the year, the amount of cash received by companies for the sale of goods and the provision of labour was $1.612 billion, less than $6.257 billion in operating income, while, in the second half of the year, the amount of $201.7 billion was the main reason for the net operating cash flow, which was less than net profit, and the operating balance.
Projects include accounts payable, notes payable, other accounts payable and accounts received in advance in connection with business activities. Overall, lower cash payments by clients in the first half of the year and an increase in inventory are the main reasons for operating net cash flows that are lower than profits.
• Profit forecasting and investment proposals, entering the performance release and delivery period
We believe that the company, as the country's sole marketed manufacturer of strikers, can benefit from the continued build-up of our advanced military aircraft, its high-growth operations and the implementation of equity incentives, will gradually enter the performance release and delivery period, and we predict that the company's net profit will be earned between 2018 and 2020.
Free cash liquidity models have their own limitations and valuation results are only a reference. Promoting balanced production with a significant rise in performance over the same period.
On the profit side, we believe that the cost rates are very low compared to the same period in the previous year when the company implemented balanced production, according to China Air Air Report, which reported that Shen Fei had completed the first half of the year as planned.
The net interest rate on corporate sales as a whole in the first half of the year was 1.63 per cent, or 3.62 per cent, compared to the same period in 2017, while, as a result of sustained progress in balanced production, the company expects that the delivery of its main products in the third quarter will improve significantly compared to the same period in the previous year, and that the accumulated net profit in the third quarter will be reversed and lost compared to the same period in the previous year.
Cash flows in the first half of the year are lower than net profits and are expected to match profits throughout the year The net operating cash flows in the first half of the year - 2,521 million yuan - represent a significant improvement over the same period of the previous year - 332 million yuan, but are significantly lower than the net profits in the current period.
Smaller than operating income of $6.257 billion and an increase of $1,307 million in inventory at the end of 2018h1 compared with the end of 2017, as well as a decrease of $2.11 billion in operational payables, are the main causes of net operating cash flows of less than net profits, which include accounts payable, bills payable, other accounts payable and advance receipts related to business activities
Physically, lower cash payments by clients in the first half of the year, as well as an increase in inventory, are the main factors in operating net cash flows that are less than profit, and we believe, first, that the decrease in advance payments and the increase in stock indicate that companies are actively promoting the production and delivery of products; second, that it is normal for military clients to make less payments in the first half of the year, and that corporate promotion of balanced production is the delivery of products.
We expect that the company’s annual cash flow will match current profits. We believe that the company, as the country’s sole marketed manufacturer of strikers, will benefit from the country’s advanced military flights.
The aircraft continues to be loaded, operations are growing and equity incentives are implemented, and the performance release and delivery and delivery of strikers are gradually below expectations: the development of new models is not as fast as expected: the free cash flow model itself is limited and the valuation results are used only as a reference.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board