In January-June 2018, the net profit of Shenzhen was 519.27% higher than in January-June 2018.
On August 31, China’s Shen Fei published her semi-annual report for 2018. During the reporting period, the company achieved business income of hundreds of millions of yuan, a significant improvement over the loss of 419 million dollars in the same period last year.
The company is one of the first major companies in the country to achieve the overall public defense industry, and one of the two major fighter producers in the country. With the help of the mid-2018 airline industry group, which promoted balanced production and balanced delivery, the company’s product delivery nodes were advanced, driving the company’s performance to significantly increase during the reporting period.
The excessive rate of growth is due to the lower base of the previous year, so that the growth rate in the third and fourth quarters of the company will fall significantly as it begins its operations in the second half of the year. However, the company is now full of productive tasks and close to full capacity, and its performance is expected to continue to grow at a high rate throughout the year.
The re-equipment of our air force and our naval aviation have been the focus of military modernization for nearly a decade and have achieved the highest/lowest price of 52 weeks.
Great achievements. But, due to a lot of historical arrears, our air force and naval aviation still have a large amount of old-style equipment in service, and the base design of the anti-septic 7 fighter aircraft that started in the 1960s still has a net city rate of about 1,000 pb.
The company’s products include the current air force and naval air force masters, such as D-11, D-15, D-16, which, driven by the need to upgrade the army’s equipment, are expected to develop its potential in the future, and if the project progresses well, it will be at the heart of the company’s new growth.
There is the potential to grow up as an international defense giant comparable to Lockheed Martin. The 5th floor of the city’s Gate B is an independent and objective report that I am qualified or well-qualified in the securities investment advisory practice awarded by the Chinese Securities Association.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
(a) In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.