9th of the series of reports by China Air Shen Fei: The military has grown, the civilian plane has risen to the wind, and the air has gone into Shen Fei.
Shen Fei has always been the dominant military industrial species that we strongly recommend, and in the previous series of reports we have developed from Shen Fei, from Flying and Loma, from production and pricing from f-35, from dung-31, from the development of drone technology and assembly technology and from the outsourcing of civilian aircraft.
As the last piece in this series, this paper will summarize the previous series of articles: military aircraft demand is rising, civilian aircraft are growing into the wind, new technologies are opening up, and new technologies are improving efficiency. The Air Force is preparing for a combination of actions that will drive demand for the XIX. The XI is a new multi-purpose dual-use approach that we have developed ourselves to adapt to the strategic transformation of the Air Force.
The Navy is moving to deep blue, driving aircraft requirements. China’s naval development strategy is shifting to offshore defense in combination with the Far Seaguard model, with the carrier as blue.
The Navy's logo, which is in its rapid development phase, began sea trials in 2018, with the national carrier 002, which is expected to be loaded in one year, will generate greater aircraft requirements.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East has grown into the wind. \triangleright
Shen Fei is very powerful in the area of civilian machinery. Shen Fei has been working closely with Boeing Airfarers in the area of civil aircraft outsourcing, has had extensive experience in manufacturing civilian aircraft and has become a first-tier supplier of large civilian aircraft, and has been active in the overall installation of feeder passenger aircraft.
By 2020, in accordance with the Guidance of the Office of the State Council for the Promotion of the General Aviation Industry, there were more than 5,000 aircraft for the development of a pool of generic aviation enterprises with competitive market capabilities, whose economy would exceed $1 trillion.
Shen Fei will be able to make rapid progress in the Windgate. In addition, in 2021, 815 orders of c919 will be delivered, and the company’s business will be under a new name. \triangleright
The development is expected to accelerate. The video on the Internet mentions that “with the launch of fc-31, the battle power of the Chinese carrier will increase qualitatively” and we judge that the current launch of 31 has advanced, and that the development is expected to accelerate.
As technology advances, future wars will become unmanageable, and drones will be widely used and expensive.
Less effective, favored by the armies of the world in recent years, has been at the forefront of unmanned war equipment. The Shen's Sword drone has completed its first flight, making our country the third country in the world to develop a large-scale unmanned attack autonomously.
\triangleright Pulse assembly technology will greatly improve production efficiency, reduce production costs, and enhance global competitiveness of companies. For a long time, aircraft and their large components have been fitted using position-based operations, inefficient production, poor quality control, our pulse assembly line technology has broken down, and the components are assembled in Shen Fly.
The line has also been pulsated, and in the future the model of the Shen Fly will be able to mount up speeds, with the construction of the Pulse Master Line expected to enter the fast track, and the company’s productivity will be significantly improved and its performance will increase faster. Military-industrial enterprises will be reformed, corporate governance improved, and corporate development will be boosted.
The equity incentive scheme, which is intended to implement equity incentives for senior managers, core managers, and technical cadres, with clear requirements for corporate performance and target performance ratings for corporate performance and incentives, is a combination of corporate interests, managers, and technical cadres, and a sound distribution mechanism for companies that will help to improve their management of business and promote growth in corporate business performance for companies.
“The sea is full of fish, and the sky is full of birds.” Since the twenty-first century, and especially after the 18th century, our sea and air forces have entered a new phase in building and manufacturing, driven by new technologies and management methods, and by new demands, confident that Shenfian can, with great strength, continuously innovate products, open markets, and give back to the nation and its shareholders with strong performance.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Zhang Cheuk Qi's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.