Balanced production for improved performance, looking forward to the long-term growth of the company 519.27 per cent; net return-to-mother profit of $99.7 million, which was lost on a year-on-year basis.
In the first half of \triangleright 2018, the company achieved a net return of 99.7 million yuan, a significant improvement in its performance compared to the previous year. The central reason is that the Ministry is pushing for balanced production, with three key planning points around the supply of raw materials, the production of spare parts, and the assembly test.
Continuous improvement in the supply chain management system has improved the balance of product delivery by quarter. We expect that the three-quarter delivery nodes will move forward and that the company’s performance in the three-quarters will continue to improve as compared to the same period in the previous year.
On August 26, 2016, the China-China Black Panthers stopped to plan a major asset reorganization. On January 12, 2018, the company was officially renamed "China-China Shen Fei" and marked Shen Fei.
The unit, compared to the depth of 300, was successfully integrated into the public company and became the only market platform for the a-share striker. The new accelerator assembly, and the pricing mechanism reform, increased profit margins.
\triangleright's Air Force and the United States Air Force have significant gaps and have been replaced by future trends. World Air Force shows that only 37% of the SLA fighters are in three generations, well below 70% of the U.S. Army.
The total unit of apparel is the most beneficial. The general profit rate is low for the total assembly plant, subject to the cost-added system. The target cost is limited to 5%, and the total unit profit is expected to reach 10%.
The company, which is the only public platform for domestic strikers, benefits from the progressive formation of future military aircraft, and we regard the company as a long-term 53x and 44x, with a “recommended” rating.
The author, who has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality and not being directed or influenced by any third party.