Good performance, multi-area breakthroughs in overseas markets -- performance rating of the country ' s 25q3 (600406.sh) November 11, 2025
The electricity grid is well-invested and secure. 25q1-3 domestic grids have invested $43.7 billion, compared to October, when Monsi-Kingjin-Jin-Jin-Jin-Sung, Tibetan-Southeast-Bay, and the firm's orders are expected to start the bidding process.
The 15th Plan proposal emphasizes the need to maintain a combination of energy, such as wind and water, integrated local consumption and delivery, a comprehensive upgrading of the complementary and safe resilience of power systems, the development of new storage capacities, fast smart grids and microgrids.
The benefits of technological innovation and industrial chain integration are clear, and they will benefit fully from high investment in the grid. Offshore markets have broken out in a number of areas, and contract amounts have grown at a high rate.
A breakthrough was made in a number of areas, with 2,025h1 overseas revenues of $1,987 million, compared to +139.18 per cent, Māori ratio.
The report is presented independently and objectively. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration was not in the past.
This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities need not be treated as a customer by recipients as recipients of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.