Impairment releases risk, nickel increases in positive profits, integration gains start-up, non-mortality net gain of 2,191 million yuan, an increase of 55 per cent in the same year. 22q2 yields $17.8 billion, an increase in the same year.
126 per cent, or 35 per cent, of the ring; net profit of 1,049 million yuan, a 29 per cent increase in the same year, a 29 per cent increase in the ring, a significant increase in nickel and trinity exports, and an effect of integration.
There has been a significant increase in the volume of raw materials and a steady stabilization of copper and cobalt products: (1) positive materials: about 383,000 tons (export operations exceed 50 per cent of China ' s total exports), 332 million tons of positive materials, same as +52 per cent, and about 26.4 million tons of high nickel ore materials, up from 80 per cent. (2)
Driver: The volume of shipments is approximately 369 million tonnes, compared to +26%, and the share of high nickel products is gradually increasing, with the client structure being optimized by Qiuzu. (3) Nickel: benefiting from China's Vietnam and the Waco project, yielding about 1.6 million tonnes, compared to +126%.
(v) Lithium cobaltate: Reverse growth has been achieved in the face of falling demand for consumer-type electronics and so on. Nickel and lithium electric materials have increased profitability and integration advantages have been highlighted. According to the company ' s semi-annual report, the net profit in the first half of the year was 1.35 billion yuan, and the net interest rate was 53.3 per cent, thanks to the production and release of the Wet Wetting Nickel project;
The net profit of Chengdu Bamo in the first half of the year was $330 million, and the net profit of the joint venture partner/Puhua in the first half of the year was $5.6-05 million, which was a significant increase in profitability. Meanwhile, the resource regeneration company’s performance increased significantly, thanks to large releases of batteries and a net profit of $410 million in the first half of the year, largely because of high metal prices, such as lithium cobalt and nickel.
\triangleright Performance Note: q2 performed as expected, expected material I. Cobalt and nickel prices first increased and then fell, leading to impairments in the company ' s inventory, combined stock impairments in the first half of the year
2. An event review of the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799.sh): nickel resources account for $218 million, a significant increase of 297 per cent over the same period. But we believe that the company is well on the ground for the current impairment, and
Next to the layout, lithium-electric integration taps can be released over time, with expected future copper-cobalt prices expected to be limited and future risk of impairment reduced; while the current impairment is only short-term industry performance perturbations and does not alter the company ' s long-term growth logic, the company ' s q2 performance will continue to grow by ring margin if the impairment is restored.
3. An event review of the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799.sh): enhanced collaboration with freshwater valleys, perfect combination of technology and resources, high-end R & D inputs, deep binding of global taps to secure future performance release.
22h1 Increased R & D investment at a cost of 840 million yuan, compared to + 200%, and continued high in the positive-and-extreme products 4. China Friends Cobalt Industry (603799.sh) event rating: incentives to end up. Meanwhile, the company has signed supply agreements or cooperative framework agreements with Tesla, the general public, Fortelle Motors.
Deep binding, recoded and 202 deep binding of the resource + lithium electrical material layout, and several long-term cooperation agreements with Yon-Hu-Technology, Dyung-Technology, Moor-Technology, and entering the supply chain of lg, catl, posco, etc., with guaranteed future capacity.
The Chinese-American Cobalt Industry (603799.sh) reported in 2021 that history is the best “card of achievement” and that integration advantages are active.
We expect a net profit of \triangleright to be 2,256 million yuan, or 54 per cent more, and a net gain of 2,191 million yuan, or less.
55%. 22q2 achieved 17.8 billion yuan, a 126% increase in the same year, a 35% increase in the ring; net return 2 analysis: productive capacity invested in Māori growth and price volatility in stock impaired. The core yield was mainly at the Māori end (+30.21 billion, benefiting mainly from pre-drivers, tri-dollar products and nickel).
Leaning), other/investment returns (+497 million, mainly from three-dollar material joint ventures) 2.2 Māori end dismantling: volume increases, cost increases Overall stability of Māori and gross profit increases. 2022h1 companies achieved Māori of $5.96 billion, compared to the same amount
A total of 496,000 tons of metal were delivered by the company's copper-based commissioning operations, a slight increase over the same period; 2) cobalt-based products were commissioned for processing, resulting in a total of 18.5 million tons of metal, a 3 per cent increase over the same period; 3) the company built its own + joint venture, a pre-drilling capacity, accelerated uphill, resulting in 36.9 million tons in kind, a 26 per cent increase over the same period; and 4) nickel products were commissioned for processing.
In terms of prices, metal prices have been reversed, but the average price is still high. In terms of cobalt prices, consumption in the first half of 2022 was weak, electronic demand was weak, and cobalt prices first increased and fell.
Up to mid-May, as supply recovery and consumer electronic demand weakened, cobalt prices began to fall, and by June, bottommb cobalt fell by 20.75%. However, as the country's reserves continued to rise, cobalt prices were expected to rise back. On the copper side, they were influenced by interest hikes by central banks, weak downstream industrial demand and accelerated declines in copper prices in June, but in the second quarter.
The average price of lme copper is $9523, which is still high. With regard to nickel prices, the cost of improved supply and demand patterns and the impact of the silo incident remains historically high.
This is the result of the Bamo consolidated statement. On a quarterly basis, the total cost for the 2022q2 period is $615 million, an increase of $85 million over the ring, of which sales, with high R & D inputs, the firm’s positive material products are well under way, and its nickel products are successfully delivered to clients.
(1) High nickel products: the company has developed and produced a large volume of 8-year, 9-year-old drivers, and reserves a large stock of high nickel and ncma pre-drive new products; 8 are high nickel positive end products that continue to scale up their production and develop a large stockpile of nickel high voltage mono-crystal material, 9 are super-high nickel positive material, leading to a high 9-year high nickel ncma grade of 1,000 tons per month.
Trinity material and delivery to world-renowned battery customers, currently high nickel ncma ncma material production at or above 3,000 tons per month, combined with 9 high nickel ncma positive material sales in the first half of 2022 (2) cobalt-acid lithium products: mastering and developing technology for mixing fourth generation high voltage with cobalt, mass production
4.48v High voltage Cobalt products, consolidation of high-end customer markets, storage of 4.5v and 4.5v+ products, and achievement of a technological lead in high voltage Cobalt products. Lithium with 4.48v high voltage cobalt acid and increasing market share, and lithium 4.5v Cobalt Acid has completed dozens of tonnes of customer certification to achieve a technical lead in lithium cobalt acid products.
2.4 The price of metals fluctuates significantly, the value of the deflated company drags the company’s performance. Depending on the company’s future performance, the company is well-prepared to counter the risk of subsequent upscaling of raw material costs. Starting with 2018q4, the company’s inventory volume fell seasonally into the “draw-down” phase, which is the main one.
The overall increase in cobalt prices in 2017 was due to both price declines and a decline in total stock size. Long single sales contracts concluded in some of the preceding periods had not yet been completed; in 2018, the price of cobalt had risen first and fell, and companies had made reserves of raw materials to avoid large price fluctuations, leading to high stocks of raw materials;
In 2019, the price of cobalt fell first, followed by a marked decline in raw material stocks; while the price of cobalt remained volatile in 2020, as a result of public health events affecting the import of some raw materials, the stock of raw materials was largely digested by 2020h1, and the trend of stock movements was smoother and maintained at a stable level, with the decline in stocks largely due to the value of raw materials in the company
The decline has led to a significant improvement in net cash flows for corporate operations; BAMO was incorporated into the company ' s merger in 2021 and its stock levels have continued to increase in 2021 in order to protect against the risk of uplifting raw materials. Metal prices rose sharply in 2021, companies ' raw materials costs continued to be pressurized, while the company ' s inventory has increased to facilitate a further upturn in future raw material prices.
The company needs a certain period from raw materials to finished products, and the price drop has led raw materials and unsolders to start storing the cobalt, and cobalt prices are expected to recover steadily, and the impairment is expected to recover. Credit impairments are well processed, and business risks are fully released.
In the first half of the year, the company calculated a credit impairment of $218 million, one reason being the increase in the size of the company ' s operations, the proportional increase in the amount raised, and the other company ' s full recovery of accounts receivable, the amount of which has increased. We believe that the company has fully accounted for the bad debt, with the risk in the first half of the year.
Fully released, significantly reducing the uncertainty of subsequent operations. Companies in upstream nickel resources and park services, joint ventures with lg and posco are mainly in the form of equity participation, and are shown in the company’s long-term equity investment earnings, contributing significant investment returns to the company, and as the nickel product is released,
The return on investment has continued to grow significantly with the release of ex-drive and positive capacity. (1) The main owner of the park service participation company is iwip, with a 24 per cent shareholding, located on the island of Hamahera, North Maluku, Indonesia, with a first half of the year of 2022, recognized investment return of $23.57 million under the Benevolence Act; (2) the main owner of the energy supply participation company is Wiston, with a share ratio.
The participating companies are New Viet Nam Technology, with 15.39% interest in the project by holding 30% of the new technology and penetrating 15.39% of the holdings, with 9.3 million tons of metal nickel + 42,000 tons of nickel and iron production capacity, and 150 million yuan in investment returns recognized under the equity law for the first half of 2022.
Molecular companies see that China’s net profits are significant. Of the major subsidiaries of the company, 2022h1, hundreds of millions of yuan have achieved a net profit of $1.35 billion, with net interest rates of up to 53.3%, fully benefiting from the rise in nickel prices on the wheel.
2.6 The nickel hedge risk is eliminated, the account surplus is significant. The nickel futures contract with the Shanghai Futures Exchange has been used to avoid the risk of a change in the price of nickel metals versus a change in the price of nickel-containing metals.
Or lme nickel futures contracts are hedged. After the Russian-Uu conflict, the company's derivative financial liabilities were 1,568 million yuan in one quarter, and by the second quarter, as nickel prices gradually returned, the company's derivative financial liabilities had been zero and formed $620 million in derivative financial assets, showing that the stockholding contracts were floating and nickel futures combined.
The issue of the compact warehouse has been completely resolved.3 The integrated moat has been further consolidated and will grow in the future with high enforcement capacity, and the company has the most complete integrated industrial chain layout of the lithium-electric positive materials industry, from mining materials to smelting.
At the end, from pre-drive to positive materials, combined with resource recycling plates, high- and low-down efficiency synergies are the firm’s core advantages. The lithium electric material industry presents typical features of “resource development outside China, R & D manufacturing in China, market customers in the world.” Technological innovation and cost advantages are key competitive elements in the industry, and companies have therefore been able to compete in recent years.
The company has continuously extended the layout of the integrated industrial chain from its leader in the cobalt industry, completing the space layout of its headquarters in the village of Kiryu, its resource security outside China, its manufacturing base in China, and its global market, creating an industrial chain of integration from resource development, colour refining, new energy materials development and manufacturing, central and downstream, and the development of cobalt nickel resources, green.
The company is expected to complete the cycle-to-growth transition, reduce the volatility of profit cycles, and have a better upstream resource profile of 3.1 compared to the same type of enterprise, with a deep moat.
The company has become the only upstream resource with a comprehensive layout, such as lithium cobalt and copper, extending the “triple pre-drill + straight pole” integrated lithium electric material tap. The splits show that the company has now formed a copper and cobalt resource plate, a nickel, a cobalt plate, a lithium resource plate, a three-dimensional drive block and a three-polar solid plate, and that integration has begun.
Cobalt and Cobalt Blocks: Deep Farming in the Democratic Republic of the Congo to guarantee a stable supply of copper and cobalt resources. The company ' s copper and cobalt business is concentrated in Cdm, Mikas, a Congolese Congolese subsidiary, whose main products are rough hydroxide and electric copper. The African resource plate has now been formed with its own mines as a guarantee, with local mining and mining companies in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The acquisition of supplementary business models, with the company owning 21,400 tons of rough hydroxide production capacity in FARDC, 66,000 tons of copper/copper production capacity in cdm and 30,000 tons in mikas, together with domestic copper drum smelting capacity, has created an annual capacity of about 110,000 tons of copper + 39,000 tons of cobalt, and the copper and cobalt “cash cow” business is owned by the company.
The build-up of capacity provides a moat river. Cobalt plate: wet smelting is profitable, and the Indonesian Cobalt Project builds the company’s core barrier. The company has evolved into an integrated nickel cobalt resource layout from upstream resources, garden services to smelting, with the main projects being garden uniforms.
(a) Business (Long Dabe Industrial Park), energy supply (Viston), nickel resources in the red earth (Long Da Bay nickel industry, scm nickel mine), nickel smelting in the wet method (Tahyan project 60,000 tons, Huaife project 120,000 tons, etc.), fire smelting (Nakko project 450,000 tons).
Park services: Participation in iwip, with 24 per cent shareholding, in Hamahera Island, North Maluku Province, Indonesia, with an investment gain of $2.357 million recognized under the equity law of 2022h1. Energy supply: participation in Wiston, 24 per cent shareholding, first half interest in 2022
Investment proceeds recognized under the Act amounting to $28.39 million. Red-earth nickel resources: participation in the company is a new Viet Nam technology, with 30 per cent of the company holding new overland technology, 15.39 per cent of the interest in penetrating the possession project, which has 9.3 million tons of metal nickel + 42,000 tons of nickel
Hln will buy 95.3% of Jpi and 100% of jim Dzongkhag, with a total transaction value of $747 million and a 51% stake in scm and nickel.
The mine is geographically superior and has a large resource size: (1) it is geographically superior: the former owner of the mine is powerful, the mine is located about 70 km west of the Morovally Industrial Park, close to the company's Huayan Wet Method project, and the mine is owned over 211,000 hectares. (2) the resource size is large: it owns lignite ore.
Source: 904 million dry tons, nickel (1.12 per cent) and cobalt (0.10 per cent); and mineral resources of corrupt rock amounting to 272 million dry tons, nickel (159 per cent) and cobalt (0.035 per cent). On this basis, we calculate that the mine together has 14.45 million tons of nickel and cobalt (1 million).
Nickel Smelting Project: Good progress will make a significant net profit to the company. The company is currently planning six smelting projects in Indonesia, with a total of 585,000 tonnes/year of nickel production planned in the future, which will provide a strong guarantee of pre-arrival pre-emission release: (1) the 60,000 tonnes wet-law project in China, 57%: 22 years.
(b) 45,000 tonnes Firework Project in April; (b) 45,000 tonnes Firework Project in Huaco (70%): pre-fired production in April 22nd; (c) 120,000 tonnes Wet Method Project in Hua Flying (51%): projected supply conditions for the first half of 23 years; (d) 120 000 tonnes Project in Huayant-Qingshan-Public (Announced March 22); and (e)
China-Friendly Water Valley Project 120,000 tonnes (advocacy April 22); (6) Development of a project to raise additional funds for the construction of a 120 000 tonnes of nickel-cobalt-producing nickel-wet method in Huasan (advocacy June 22 22nd).
At present, with high nickel prices, the company's nickel project is fast-tracked into production of lithium plates: acquisition of 100% interest in the arcadia lithium mine, simultaneous planning of 50,000 tons of lithium salt smelting capacity, and completion of the lithium resource puzzle. The company currently has two main components in the layout of the lithium resource plate: participation in the configuration of the company's avz company, the Congo.
The manono project, the acquisition of 100 per cent of Zimbabwe's prospective lithium mining company, owns the arcadia lithium mine, and we believe that the arcadia or helper company quickly completes the upstream resource layout puzzle: the arcadia lithium deposits: as of October 2021, the Foresight company announced that
The standard resource volume for the arcadia project jerc (2012) was 72.7 million tons, 1.06 per cent lithium oxide grade, 121 ppm tantalum pentahydroxide grade, 770,000 tons of lithium oxide metal (1.9 million tons of lithium equivalent carbonate) and 8,800 tons of tantalum pentahydroxide metal. Of this amount, 42.3 million tons and lithium oxide were stored.
1.19 per cent bit, tantalum pentax 121 ppm, lithium oxide 504,000 tons (1.24 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent) and tantalum pentaoxidation 5,126 tons. 50,000 tons of integrated lce capacity are planned for construction in the future: according to the company in June 2022
In addition, a total investment of $270 million in the arcadia lithium mine project, which was completed with the disposal of primary mines 15,000 tons per day, producing 230,000 tons per year of lithium glyph concentrate and 297,000 tons per year of lithium quartz concentrate, while producing capacity in the interior of the country for the production of 50,000 tons per year of lithium salt, mainly from the Guangxihua Friends lithium industry
The refinery project, which has a construction period of two years, deals with 389 million tons of lithium quartz annually, with a total investment of $2.11 billion. We believe that the project, based on the firm’s high performance and the forward mid-term pilot production line, is expected to achieve output quickly and, at a high lithium price, will help the company to grow rapidly.
Table 10: Estimates of arcadia ore reserves (October 2021) Table 11: Arcadia mineral resources estimate 0.2 per cent of li2o border grade Medium-smelting: yielding up and down efficiency gains. The company currently has a full range of new energy sources such as cobalt, nickel, lithium, etc.
Core material smelting capacity, mainly in deep processing of cobalt, nickel, copper, lithium, etc., concentrated in the company ' s factory in Huayuan and Kiyosu, with the main products being cobalt salt, including cobalt oxides and cobalt sulphate, copper production of tons of battery-grade nickel and an additional 80,000 tons of battery-grade nickel production capacity (the year of the regional fund-raising project)
The 30,000-ton battery-grade high-purity sulphuric acid nickel project entered its commissioning phase in March 2022, with a fast-tracking of the 50,000-ton high-nose, power-cell nickel project, which was tested during the first half of this year, with cobalt raw materials procured mainly from international mining companies, bulk merchandise traders and Congolese subsidiaries.
Supplying crude intermediate products or minerals. Coloured business plates play an important role in the integrated industrial structure, consolidating the company’s global market share of cobalt salt products while also providing raw materials for new energy panels downstream, guaranteeing a stable and low-cost supply of raw materials for new energy materials such as pre-drivers and positive materials.
3.2 Downstream trio size, lithium recovery forming a complete closed ring The rapid growth of the global demand for new energy terminals downstream, as well as positive benefits, is at the heart of the company’s shift from cycle to growth.
Four projects in Camp: a joint venture with lig chemistry (Hwakin, 51%/lg 49%, 40,000 tonnes) and posco (Hwa Yao Yu, 60%/Pu, planning for the first 30,000 tonnes to be completed) to build a total of 45,000 tonnes/year of pre-Kyoto exulsion capacity (completed).
In June 2021, the company purchased 38.6175% of BAM and officially completed its control of BAM.
(2) In 2021, the company set up a project to build a state project to produce 50,000 tons of annual high nickel pre-mixed drive materials, some of which entered the pilot phase in January of this year. (3) In March 2022, the release of $7.6 billion in public release of convertable bonds was completed for the construction of 50,000 tons of high nickel material per year in Guangxi and 100,000 tons of solid material per year.
The project for the integration of pre-trimester materials and the state project for the production of 50,000 tons of high-performance pre-trimesters are now fully operational and are being built in an orderly manner. Existing capacity is at an initial scale, forward capacity planning is considerable, and lithium electric materials are in the form of taps.
(b) Three-dollar positive material production capacity has increased to more than 110,000 tons (including BAM). (2) Future planning: The company plans forward to drive capacity (full or joint) or up to 1 million tons, and three-dollar positive-polar capacity (full or joint) or up to 500,000 tons, which is expected to become a global first-line lithium-electric positive material manufacturer.
The company is actively developing a lithium battery recycling operation. The company's subsidiary, Hua Yuzhou, and the resources regenerative, are included in the first and second batch of the company's list of companies that meet the requirements of the New Energy Automobile Integrated Use Industry.
Battery reclamation, a strategic model of cooperation in waste-for-material exchange with a number of well-known battery companies, has entered into a partnership with a number of national and international companies for the recycling of decommissioned batteries. In May 22, the company worked with the BMW Group on innovative approaches to the recovery and use of power cell material in closed loops; a joint venture with lig chemistry was established in Korea.
In July 22, the company entered into a cooperative intention with the lig new energy source on the recycling of used power batteries. As the business began, the company was developing a new energy lithium electricity industry ecology, from cobalt-niclide resources development, green smelting, ex-drives, and positive materials to resource recycling and recycling.
3.3 Successfully entering the global flagship customer supply chain, with future release time frame, deep tied to downstream customers and fully integrated into the global front-line supply chain. (1) Products have entered the front-line supply chain; households: part of the company ' s pre-triple drive product is used in the posco-lgc battery industry chain for mass meb flats.
The company’s high nickel positive material for lig new energy sources and catl has increased significantly, using it in the world’s branded automobile chain. Multiple high nickel super-high, nickel-high, middle nickel single crystal high voltage series of positive and new products have entered lig new energy sources, catl, ve, frut energy, etc.
Key clients and the automobile industry chain. (2) Supply agreements lock in productive capacity: companies have long-term supply contracts totalling about 90,000 tons with posco and its affiliated enterprises; and several three-dollar long-term strategic cooperation agreements have been signed with Yen-Hu, Ceng-chung, Fook-Technology, and three-year strategic pre-drive agreements targeting 64.15-92.65 million tons in 2022-2025.
Pre-discharge sales, and future growth with high certainty. (3) Deep binding with downstream locomotives: the company signed a memorandum of cooperation with Ford Motors and the fresh water valley in Indonesia to plan for the construction of a high-pressure acid soaking project to develop fresh water.
Special cars; a three-dollar pre-drive supply framework agreement with Tesla further strengthens the company’s competitiveness in the area of new energy lithium materials. The company’s circle of friends is expanding, high-quality resource elements are coming closer to the company, production is interconnected, advantages are complementary, and companies are deeply and more strongly embedded in the global new energy car industry chain.
4 Profit forecasts and investment proposals Core investment logic: The company's future performance contribution will be driven by the four main plates of “Cobalt from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, nickel from Indonesia, lithium from Zimbabwe, tri-dollar drivers and positive lithium materials and low-cost copper”, in which the company's future will be driven together
The core growth logic of profits revolves mainly around the integrated layout of the new energy materials for lithium electricity, with the core growth points mainly related to the risk of a sharp fall in product prices as a result of Indonesia’s nickel-cobalt project, Africa’s lithium mining project and the integration of lithium-electric materials, the company’s growth path 1.
There are more projects under construction, which can have a negative impact on the company’s profits if some projects are put into production or if the pace of production is delayed by internal or external factors. 3) There is less demand than expected. Companies have more projects under construction, their capacity is growing rapidly, and downstream markets are opening up.
To the extent that difficulties arise or demand increases less than expected, resulting in an underutilization of the company’s capacity and an increase in the one-ton depreciation amortization, thus increasing costs, adding up production less than expected and impacting corporate profitability, the methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.