The Bank was established in August 1988 in Fujian province.
Incidents: On 29 October, the Episode Bank released 3q19: RMB 54.91 billion in net return to the mother; Fukuzhou City was one of the first joint-stock commercial banks to be established with the approval of the State Council and the People ' s Bank of China.
The net profit in the first three quarters was 8.5% higher than the annual asset liability adjustment, mainly because the net profit was higher than 1h18 per cent, and the margin was lower. The net profit was higher than in the previous quarter, mainly because the net profit was higher than in the previous quarter, and was higher since the annual asset liability restructuring, compared horizontally with the comparable reported quarterly returns.
In the current liquidity easing pattern, the continuing downswing in the cost of inter-operability liabilities is the main contribution. The net difference is maintained mainly by credit card operations, financial agent operations. q3 credits continue to grow, mainly in loan and paper assets. 3q19 asset sizes have dropped slightly, and asset allocation has been reduced.
View q3 continues to squeeze investment and industry, with resources tilted towards credit, with loans increasing by 20.0% on a year-on-year basis, or associated with a proactive increase in high-yield personal credit lending in the context of insufficient demand for public credit and lower asset interest rates.
In absolute terms, poor + interest in lending rates are also relatively good. Full-calibre provision is adequate. The market is more exposed to the risk of investing in assets of a booming bank’s real estate project, and there is concern about exposure to it.
Investment proposals: The BB + Illustrative strategy is actively pursued, and its effectiveness is seen as positive. In the broader context of a combination of services in which indirect financing is dominated by indirect financing for public financial services and indirect + direct financing, IBRD actively pursues the BB + Illustrative Strategy with a strategic forward-looking and long-term perspective.
A high level of fielding, a strong strategic implementation, a sustained interest in corporate strategic advancement, a further strengthening of the client base, and a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
Bank of Episodes (601166): ppop continues to grow and asset quality is stable. Figure 1: Bank of Episodes maintains a higher rate of growth. Figure 2: Bank of Episodes maintain a smooth net interest margin.
Figure 3: Growth in bank lending by the same year, by 20 per cent
East Hing Stock Exchange reports: ppop continues to grow and asset quality is stable.
Research assistant brief on forward-looking investment analysis in the Research and Banking Unit.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies