October 30th, 2019.
Three-quarterly reports: good asset quality, faster net gains, three-quarter reports by the Episode Bank, $13.6 billion in revenue, 19.2 per cent increase in yoy, net gain of $54.9 billion, 8.5 per cent increase in yoy, corresponding to roe 11.7 per cent in single-quarter performance, net quarter 3q
Increases of 12.3 per cent in the company's non-interest income, with two-digit increases in fees and commissions
Portfolio of products Set to reduce the pull-down effect on net profit growth (2q with a lower net profit growth of 13.5 pct, faster fee increases and a slight recovery in interest differentials: at the end of income, the first three quarters of corporate fees
In the case of interest net income, it rose by 8.5% to 76.3 billion. In the case of interest, 3q-quarters net fees and commissions of 12.6 billion dollars per season, the net income of 3q-quarters increased by 15.9% to 36.1 billion, reflecting the contribution of non-interest income to performance under the company’s comptoir-banking model.
With 13.9% increase in yoy and a net interest income of $26.4 billion, and 6.8% increase in yoy and interest differentials, we measure that loans in deposit continue to expand and that the investment end has been compressed: in terms of the restructuring of the corporate asset and liability end, the boom bank has returned to its main deposit since this year. At the loan end, the ratio is 1q, 2q, and 3q ring.
Not to increase by 6.1 per cent, 5.0 per cent, 4.1 per cent, cumulatively by 16.0 per cent since this year, the percentage of assets in interest-bearing assets, which we calculate as 34.1 per cent of assets invested in interest-bearing assets, good asset quality, increased risk resilience: as at 302019 companies did not.
This report is written by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in all or part of the report for any purpose. The Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the data used to compile the report is reliable, but this report has not been independently validated.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy and integrity of the report, or any written assurance, or any responsibility or obligation to do so. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and associated companies may take any action on the basis of information or research prior to receiving the report. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report. The information and comments on the report may or will be changed without prior notice. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may or will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
A certificate described in the report; @special opinion or standing, or buying, selling or offering a certificate described in the report.