Resource advantages give companies lasting life and strong competitiveness - deep reporting in the Xinxi coal industry (601225.sh) Resource advantages give companies lasting life and strong competitiveness
15/04/2020: We believe that resource endowments are the most central factor in determining the combined strength of a mining company.
Long-term business continuity, good quality, high sales prices, and low mining costs are simply determined by the conditions. The three characteristics of the Xinxi coal industry, with its strong competitive, vast moats and long-term viability, represent the country’s advanced coal productivity, a leader in the integration of resources in the west, and a long-term flagship company of great value.
The company is rich in high-quality resources and has a strong capacity to produce. The company owns 14.1 billion tons of coal, with a capacity of 8.7 billion tons, and is ranked third among the listed companies. The service span is up to 69 years.
The company’s coal resources are characterized by low ash, low sulphur, low phosphorus, high heat, high-quality power, chemical and metallurgical coal, with a premium on the price of the sale.
The company’s cost of producing coal per ton in 2018 is only $130 per ton, which is significantly lower than that of other coal companies, and the scale effect of quality resources puts the company at the forefront of the industry’s cost curve, with a very high coal price and a very high profitability and a very low cash cost.
In 2018, the company rose (weighted) to 22.91%, which is significantly higher than the potential of comparable coal publics for endogenous high growth and integration of resources to drive the company’s sustainable development. The company’s capture of Xiaobo's mine 1 operation early in 19 will raise the company’s coal block performance.
Tens of thousands of tons of in-house capacity are about to come into production; at the same time, the Groupe de Coalisation is an important vehicle for integrating coal resources in Shaanxi province and has the advantage of three-quarterly reporting points in the Luangxi Coal Industry (601225.sh). On the basis of the “Common undertaking to avoid competition”, the Group Coal assets will gradually be placed in listed companies, giving companies other advantages.
Rating: Quantified performance, unmatched growth potential of the “cash cow” coal industry.
* Profit forecast and investment rating: benefiting from the steady release of additional high-quality productive capacity of the company, the company’s profitability and cash flow will improve in one or two quarters as production resumes and performance rings improves. Based on the company’s most recent disclosure of equity volume, no repurchase stock write-offs are considered.
Quarterly Review of the Sanxi Coal Industry (601225.sh)
The company's "buy-in" rating is maintained at the cindasecuritiesco. ltd.
Catalysts for share prices: the steady release of additional productive capacity, and the steady movement of macroeconomics toward good-led coal demand and price rises. Risk factors: the precipitous deterioration of demand, as a result of the severe spread of the global epidemic, has led to a significant fall in coal prices; the risk of safe living accidents; and the failure of companies to produce as much as expected.
The company's coal reserves are in absolute leadership in the industry for 69 years. By 2018, the company's coal reserves in the three mining areas of Chibei, Bingyeon, Shunbei, and the coal reserves listed together were 14.1 billion tons, yielding 8.7 billion tons, taking into account the storage reserve factor of 1.1 in line with the company's capacity of 114 million tons, and the company's coal resources could be mined for about 69 years.
Years are the most critical factor in the company’s long-term development and the main parameters related to the company’s cash flow, with more than 69 years of service being considered as 100 million tons of sustainable operations, coal retention and coal energy (1.668 billion tons) and medium coal (resource reserves of 23.34 billion tons and reserves of 13.795 billion tons), ranking third. Corporate coal production ranks second in the industry.
As a result of the release of new production capacity, coal production grew inversely, and in 2019, coal production from the coal fields increased by about 8 million tons in comparison with China’s Shunhua. The company’s market value of tons of coal (market value/storage) is low, and the value of corporate resources is underestimated.
The smaller the value of the indicator indicates that its intrinsic resource value is being underestimated by the market. On the basis of the collection on April 14, we calculated the market value of the Department’s market value/receivables at $8/ton, which is below the average in the coal sector of $11/ton and 14/ton of powered coal plates. Thus, the market value of companies is low in terms of the availability of coal resources.
The combined quality of the company's resources belongs to the best of the power coal companies in which 97 per cent of the recoverable reserves are concentrated in the well-quality, non-coated, pyrotechnic, weak, viscous and gas, characterized by low ash, low sulfur, low phosphorus, high heat, and oil-rich, high chemical activity, high volatilities and high-quality power, chemical and metallurgical coal.
In 2015 and 2016, the company removed 18.5 million tons of mine production per year from the mine site, which bore a heavy burden, reducing the production of coal with heat and thin coal. This was followed by an increase in the production capacity of the northern mine area, the Bingyeon mine area, which expanded its production from 4 million tons per year to 8 million tons per year, the red willow tons per year, and the Korean Gulf by 1 million tons per year.
Corporate coal has a clear caloric advantage over China’s major mining areas. Corporate coal has an advantage over China’s coal energy indicators, such as heat, sulphur, and grey.
The company's unique resource conditions have led to low mining costs,1 simple geological formations in mines, large single wells, low investment in construction and lower mining costs.1 The company's simple geological structure in mines under its flag, good coal-bed conditions, large single wells, low investment in mining, and relatively short time for mining to come into operation have led to a relatively short period of time.
In 2016-2018, the company spent 13.1, 12.9 and 19.5 ton on materials powered coal and 11.6, 11.5, 12.3 ton on coal depreciation were lower than in China, China, China, China, and China, China, China and China.2 Most of the company ' s reserves are for new and efficient mining wells, which have been removed from old and lost wells, resulting in a significant increase in per capita output and lower ton coal labour costs.
In 2018, the company paid a total of RMB 5.73 billion, with a total of 296,000 employees, per capita remuneration amounted to RMB 193,000 per person, and higher remuneration levels were good for the employees. In 2018, the company paid RMB 28.3 per ton of coal labour, slightly higher than China’s KW$ 21.2 per ton, and far less than China’s ton of coal labour.
Less burdened, relatively small numbers of employees, absolutely low labour costs within the industry, and relatively significant labour cost advantages.
In 2015-2017, the company’s ton cost of coal was lower than in comparable China’s Shinhua, Chinese Coal Energy and Luangzhou Coal industries, with a significant cost advantage. In 2018, the company’s ton cost of coal production was 129.98 yuan per ton, slightly higher than China’s ton of 113.4 yuan per ton, a marked increase of 38.04 yuan per ton over the same period, mainly in terms of equipment maintenance, well alley engineering and labour costs. These factors have had a short-term impact and are expected to reduce the company’s production costs in the future.
Coal resource dominance has led the company to profitability and risk resistance1 and corporate profitability has been in the forefront since 2016. The company ' s Māori rate for coal plates has increased significantly since 2016.
At the same level, and significantly higher than the medium coal energy, the Māori rate declined to 64.1 per cent in 2018 as a result of increased production costs, and remained at a significant level. From the company ' s overall roe level, the Xiaoxi coal industry has been above 20 per cent since 2016 and is significantly above the comparable average for companies and industries.
Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre
The Sinda Securities Research and Development Center, 2 has been tested for strong resistance to cyclical fluctuations, and the company has a high Māori rate, which makes it highly resistant to cyclical fluctuations, for which we have tested stress.
(1) With regard to coal prices, reference is made to the price of coal in 2015, the original price of which was 184.1 yuan/tonne, the price of which was sold at 227.0 yuan/tonne, and the company price of coal combined, 189.3 yuan/tonne; (2) with regard to coal costs, reference is made to the cost in 2015, assuming that the original cost of coal is 96.6 yuan/tonne, the cost of washing coal is 20.0 yuan/tonne, and the company ' s combined cost of coal is 147.7 yuan/tton: (3) with regard to coal production, reference is made to the 2020 assumption that the original production of coal is 124 million tons and the sale of merchandise 185 million tons.
(4) Assuming that the capital expenditure of the company has not increased significantly; (5) assuming that the company is safe from accidents such as mine accidents; and under the above assumptions, we measure the company's operating income of $38,503 million, resulting in a net return of $1,863 million to the mother, and net cash flow from the business activity of $6,526 million
As a result of good cost control, unique resource quality, and mining conditions, even if coal prices return to 2015 levels, companies can still make a profit and cash flows are healthy. Indeed, as a result of the implementation of the Association’s mechanisms, the opening of China’s market, even if the market price of coal falls back to 2015 levels, corporate coal sales prices will not be able to fall back to 2015 levels.
The company is in the process of releasing low-cost, high-quality resources, and there is still potential for future growth,1 the company is in the process of releasing low-cost, low-quality resources, and the company’s high-quality production capacity in the Xinbei mining area is constantly being released, further enhancing the company’s competitiveness. In the first half of 2019, the company was able to build up the number 1 and the number 2 mine.
From the original total of 16 million tonnes/year to 28 million tonnes/year. The geological reserves of the mine are 4.9 billion tonnes, recoverable 2.8 billion tonnes, the coal layer is simple and shallow, the mining technology is simple, stable coal, suitable for mechanical mining, and the mining costs are low. Coal has low ash, low sulfur ( < 0.2%), rich oil (12%), medium-high heat (q> 6000), and heat stability is characterized by good power, gasification, and liquefied coal.
The company is currently in a period of release of high-quality resources.2 The company’s controlling shareholders are rich in coal resources and have resource access advantages of 2.1, and the company’s resource reserves and capacity are large.
In February 2019, according to the Energy Agency, the capacity of Cao's beaches and small estates increased from 8 million tons to 15 million tons, respectively.
By the beginning of 2020, the Tsao Beach Mine and Coal Selection Project and the Mon Village Coal Project had been piloted. 2.2, Qingxi Province is an important vehicle for integrating coal resources and has the advantage of resource access.
To fully utilize the power of Xiangxi coal resources, to integrate the coal resources throughout the province, to restructure the coal industry, and to build up the main vehicle of strategic intent for coal mining and the transformation of coal into the main energy industry.” The Xinxi government has been able to provide regional policy support and facilities for resource acquisition, industrial consolidation, project approval, and credit support.
The Consortium, as the sole developer of the Southern District of the Ordos Basin, has been surveyed to have a storage capacity of 30-40 billion tons of coal resources in the Southern District of the Holy Capital, and will further increase its resource reserves and production capacity as future exploration and development of the Southern District of the Holy Capital. 2.3, based on the “Common undertaking to avoid competition”, the Group's coal assets will gradually be incorporated into listed companies.
In 2011, the Coalification Group issued a commitment to avoid competition among peers: “In addition to the operations retained at the time of reorganization, the Coalification Group and its subsidiaries will not engage in direct or indirect competition with the company's main business and will give companies the option to acquire their reserved business and new business from the Coalification Group.” In the future, Coal assets of the Coalification Group will gradually be placed in listed companies and, in the long term, there will be room for growth in the company's output.
We believe that the current market, while recognizing the resource excellence and profitability of the Xinxi coal industry, still underestimates the core competitiveness and competitive barriers to its resource endowment from the valuation point of view, further underestimating its potential as the leader of the West for resource consolidation and endogenous development, especially in the context of the robust functioning of the industry and the rising dominance of head firms, which are seriously undervalued from both a static and a dynamic perspective, both domestic and international.
The company’s profitability and cash flow will be further improved by benefiting from the steady release of additional high-quality productive capacity. Based on the company’s latest disclosure of equity, the firm’s “buy-in” rating is maintained at 6.4 times as much as it does not consider buying back shares. (1) The higher-than-expected deterioration of demand, as a result of the severe spread of the global epidemic, has caused coal prices to fall sharply;
(ii) Risk of safe production accidents; (iii) the company is building coal mines to produce less than expected;
He was the Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Programme, revised coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016 for research in the coal sector. He was responsible for research on large energy panels from 2019 to the present. Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering at the General Coal Science Research Institute, Master of Business and Industry Management at the Chinese People's University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal sector.
Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering College, China Mining University, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 to conduct research in the coal industry. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sunda securities and provides support and reference for investment decision-making in this category, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.