Researchchand Developmentcenter, Kimsan Office: C-end-of-the-life rate continues to rise.
b Wide-spaced — Golden Mountain Office (6881.h) In-depth report pangqianqian@cindasc.com
Kimsan office: C-end continuous penetration, b-end wide office space is a leading manufacturer in the field of domestic office software, core product wpsoffice desk, face-to-face penetration is increasing and, as of June 2022, the country's wpsoffice is on-line.
In October of this year, the number of independent equipment equipped with the Wps mobile end in the country reached 261 million, which is well above the size of the business. The company’s income and net return profits grew steadily, with a compound increase in 2019-2022.
The net profit of the mother is $1,118 million, an increase of 7.33% over the same period. The company’s Māori rate has been stable, with net profits of nearly five years, at over 140%; the contract debt has been growing steadily, supporting future performance.
Buying corporate products, we expect the company to gradually expand the end-of-service authorization of individual products into subscriptions to the Golden Mountain Digital Office Platform (portfolio products), which is expected to increase clients ' fees by providing more value-added services, which means that future customers will be able to pay more.
There may be much room for raising the fee. We estimate that the party organs and financial institutions are expected to reach 6.2 billion a year. The high penetration rate in the company’s firm is expected to keep it rising steadily in the process of subsidence, and there is wide scope for personal operating income.
Individual users pay 12% for penetration, and arpu (the unit price) is 68 yuan/year. We expect $2.05 billion in subscriptions, and there is still much room for improvement. At the same time, future companies create new products that promise increasing user willingness to pay.
Small and medium-sized enterprise (SMEs) markets with low penetration rates. In Microsoft's income structure, end-of-end users outnumber 80%, and the main clients are predominantly micro-enterprises, and we estimate their annual contribution of about $80 billion in subscription income: the corporate corporate business income is less than 50%, with SMEs contributing less than 50%.
Very limited, we expect that there will still be much room for penetration in small and medium-sized enterprises, with a potential intake space of 154-21.4 billion years. The company’s high-quality product services and improved laws are expected to be advanced.
Business transformation. In the ai study, the company made a breakthrough in its office applications in the areas of cv (computer visual), nlp (natural language, Sinda securities, speech processing).
The combination of cyniciesco., ltd, the 9th Palace Building (chatgpt) in the west corner of Beijing has led to a significant increase in productivity and has become a co-opt office.
Markers for application; in the future, if companies can access the type of chhatgpt model (domestic rhetoric), they are expected to improve the efficiency of user office production or will further enhance client willingness to pay and profit projections: give a “buy-in” rating: we believe that the company is the leader of the domestic office software.
Vendors, catalyzing in letter creation and the number of individual users of the company, fee penetration rates, low unit prices Risk factors: 1. Downstream demand risk: the number of individual subscriptions is bottlenecked and the growth is less than expected; budget for digital construction falls in the event of poor environmental impact on the enterprise's clientele, the city
The demand will be further affected. 2. Policy risk: The advance of the innovation policy has not progressed as expected, the information budgets of the party organs and the conglomerates are inadequate, and the number of related orders of the company has been affected and slipped. 3. Space measurements of the start-up business, c-end and b-end business are based on a certain premise.
Assuming that factors such as the absence of assumptions, market developments and expectations have led to the measurement of the results, KIMshan Office is a leading manufacturer in the field of office software in the country and its core products are wpsoffice, Kimsan file, and the Kimsan Digital Office platform.
In October 2022, the number of independent equipment equipped with Wps mobile ends reached 261 million, well above Microsoft Word (9.39 million) and Excel (4.47 million) mobile ends and 1.94 million tweak files. In 2022, revenues related to the digital office platform (cloud and collaborative products) increased by 57% over the year.
The company’s future growth in revenue is largely due to both end-b and end-c users. 1.b end-user: accompanied by a rapid increase in substitution penetration of hardware and basic software at the bottom of the government-owned system.
The need for office software upgrades for nationally produced hardware and software systems will be further released, and the company ' s high penetration rate in the company and the product wpsoffice (forlinux version) developed for the nationally produced operating system are expected to continue to benefit it in the national production process; on the other hand, for SME clients, the potential for payments to penetrate has greater scope and will be able to do so in the future.
The revenue generated is also considerable. Credential users (party organs, company, business): Most of the current customers, such as the company, are buying corporate products in the form of an annual grant, and we expect that the company will gradually expand the end-of-service authorization of individual products into gold.
The subscriptions to the word office platform (portfolio products), while the Kimsan Digital Office platform is expected to increase the fee bill dues by providing more value-added services, means that there may be much room for raising the fee for future customers. According to our calculations, the high penetration rate in the company is expected to continue to benefit from the downfall process.
SME users: In Microsoft ' s income structure, end-users account for more than 80 per cent, and major clients are predominantly micro- and micro-enterprises, and we measure their annual contribution of about 80 billion dollars in subscriptions; while corporate corporate business income accounts for less than 50 per cent, of which small and medium-sized enterprises contribute very little, and we expect that corporate business still has much room for penetration and potential revenue in SMEs.
Space is 154-21.4 billion years. The company’s high-quality product services and improved laws are expected to increase SMEs’ willingness to pay. 2.c End users: the number of individual customers of companies and the rate of penetration of payments have steadily increased since the company was listed; by 2022, the rate of penetration of individual users of companies was 12% (pc end penetration), anrppu (payment).
In 2021, the company introduced a strategy of “many screens, clouds, content, ai, collaboration,” which will continue to drive business transformation.
In the case of one, the company’s office applications in the areas of cv (computer visual), nlp (natural language processing) have made a breakthrough. The microsoftoffice combined with llm (chatgpt) has achieved a significant increase in productivity and has become a sticker for the application of the ai integrated office software; in the future, if the company can access a type of chhatgpt model (native language) it will be able to access it.
It is expected that the efficiency of user office production will be improved or that client willingness to pay and the unit price of products will be further enhanced.
Summing up: The company’s main products are wpsoffice, Kimsan file, Kimsan office digital platform, of which wps office is a core product, the wpsoffice file is an extension of the wpsoffice cloudy ecosystem, the digital office platform is a wps business, institutional subscriptions and authorizations, and Internet extension operations.
The cash flow and income gains are expected to be more stable after the two-subscription transition. Income composition: the company adjusted its income calibre to individual subscriptions, institutional subscriptions, corporate authorizations, corporate subscriptions in 2021, as against 17.81 per cent.
The long-term development strategy for household use considers that companies are continuously reorienting their Internet advertising business, which has been steadily shrinking since 16 years.
The adjustment is expected to smooth the cash flow and revenue growth of the company from the License authorization to the subscription system. Reference is made to the comparison of income growth before and after Microsoft roll-out office 365. On 28 June 2011, office 365 was released, and Microsoft moved from the previous authorized business model to the authorization and subscription model; prior to this, it was influenced by the sales model of License and related products.
After several years of transition following the introduction of subscription products, the income growth of Microsoft Office has been smooth (the income growth fluctuations between 2011 and 2015 are the gradual shift of products to subscriptions, while the prices of subscriptions are cheaper than those of authorized products, and the income growth fluctuations during the transfer are more reasonable).
Figure 3: Corporate income from the 2022 major battalion: Product strategy: The development path for corporate products was step-by-step, and in 2011, wpsoffice was on line to bring back a city at the moving end and the number of users counter-optimised to Microsoft office; in 2014, Microsoft was re-established and rolled out
“Cloud priority, move priority”, with emphasis on the layout of office 365 cloud-end ecology, and the Wps keeping pace, with the introduction of the “wps+ Cloud Office” strategy in 2015 and the introduction of cloud-side services on the wpsoffice; after three years of cloud-side ecological development, the company's technology matured, with the release of the gold mountain file in 2018, integrating cloud and local office operations; and with gold, the integration of cloud and local office
The growth in the number of users of mountain files and the successive roll-out of a series of collaborative tools, the transformation of the Kimsan office from single-page document processing to multi-person-oriented teamwork tools, while the digital construction proposed in the 14th Plan requires a transformation of the company's digital office, the focus of the company's development gradually shifting from a focus on individual office needs to an enabling enterprise digital operation.
Public transformation, company roll-out of the Golden Mountain Digital Office platform, integrated with the wpsoffice function, for different technical strengths 1.1.1wpsoffice: mobile end counter-microsoft, pc end sustained energy stubble: wpsoffice office software is the company ' s core product, mainly by providing increased access to c-end and b-end clients
Value services generate revenue, provide both functional and content-based value-added services for end-users, and value-added services such as office cloud services, office solutions, etc. for end-users.
The product base function consists of four main modules, namely wps text, wps table, wps presentation, pdf reader. The office mobile version (android version, ios version) has multiple-end coverage.
Class products, corporate office cloud services, and office solutions; personal office value-added services provide two value-added services, functional and built-in, for individual users, including pdf edits, fine ppt templates, etc. Through a unified account system, clients can borrow mau from desktop and mobile endoffice (number of active users per month).
A higher base range has been entered, with a slower rate of growth since 2022 q1; in 2022, desktop Wps office mau reached 242 million, a 10.5 per cent increase compared to the same year, and mobile mau reached 328 million, a 2.18 per cent increase compared to the same year.
Figure 7: The company ' s main product, Mau (billions) wpsoffice, still has a gap in desktop end penetration, with mobile end usage prevailing. According to Irei data, coverage is 81.5 per cent and 68.7 per cent, respectively, while at the mobile end, according to Irei data, wps compares to other operations.
Public document app, with a clear advantage, as of October 2022, the number of independent devices equipped with the Wps mobile end in the country amounted to 261 million, far higher than Microsoft's mobile end Word (9.39 million) and Excel (4.47 million) and the communications file 1.1.2 Gold Hills file: "Cloud+Office Integration" deep-cut protected river
Summing up: In 2015, the office released the “wps+Cloud Office” strategy, adding cloud templates, cloud storage, cloud office, document co-ordination to the traditional wpsoffice, while introducing office service subscriptions to provide office value-added services to individuals and businesses. In 2018, the office integrated wpsoffice part of the cloud function and added online co-location
Public function, with the launch of the Golden Mountain file, wps achieved the " Cloud+End Office Integration " , building office capacity in the Golden Mountain file is an online document service that supports real-time collaboration among many people. The Golden Mountain file supports online document management, viewing, editing, collaboration, and so on, based on a variety of ways, including html5 technology qq applets.
Capable. Kimsan documents facilitate office work across desktop and mobile ends by reducing the time cost of document styles. At the same time, the office-based in-house nuclear engine service, which relies on self-research at the office in Kinsan, achieves perfect compatibility and seamless integration with the wpsoffice client family.
For an office document, the user can choose to collaborate efficiently online with a gold mountain file, or choose to edit it in depth with a wps office client, with flexibility to switch between two different preferences. The product supports separate settings for viewing or editing permissions of different collaborating members, document data security is controlled, autosaves, real-time synchronization is available to users.
The diversity of the cloud office experiences, together with wpsoffice, has built the gold mountain office capacity product matrix. 1.1.3 The gold mountain digital office platform: integrated product ecology, digital transformation of enabling enterprises, and as the number of users of the gold mountain files grows, and a series of collaborative tools are being launched, it marks the completion of the gold mountain office.
The company is also gradually shifting its strategic focus, thinking about how to help individuals work, while focusing on how to help organize the upgrading and transformation of digital offices. The Kim Mountain Digital Office platform empowers businesses digitally through the integration of wpsoffice and Kimsan files.
In 2021, the company released the Kimsan Office Digital Platform, which, through the integration of wpsoffice and the Kimsan Document function and the re-development of the api conversion, formed the document centre and the collaboration centre and achieved three enabling ways, namely, full platform, modular combinations, capability embedding, and provided office digitization for enterprises with varying technological capabilities.
Services create four modes of delivery based on a public cloud, mixed cloud, privatization, and a full-scale IT environment. As an interactive hub for office-to-digital transformation, they can support large and mega-organizations, including governments, state enterprises, corporations, and private-scale corporations, by creating exclusive digital office platforms, and by providing one-stop office cloud services to small and medium-sized enterprises and organizations.
In 2022, the company ' s digital office platform (cloud and collaborative products) saw a 57 per cent increase in revenue from the same year, with 3990 new government clients added throughout the year, leading to high growth in domestic institutional subscriptions and service operations.
In addition, corporate performance has grown steadily as a result of the steady growth in institutional and individual subscription income, which has effectively smoothed the impact of domestic institutional mandates and the restructuring of Internet advertising. In addition, the Māori rate of corporate products has remained stable and continues to be invested in research and development, with expenditure as a proportion of operating income leading the industry; and there are ample cash flows and stable growth in contract liabilities and performance in the future.
1.2.1 Regularized penetration upgrades, smoothing down of letter-making authority orders Companies ' revenues consist mainly of subscriptions, institutional authorizations and Internet advertising; in 2021, companies adjusted their business calibres to divide subscriptions into institutional subscriptions and individual subscriptions.
Together with the arrival of the letter-starter order, corporate corporate revenue from authorized and subscription operations increased significantly, at a combined rate of 19 per cent and 59 per cent, respectively, in 2019-2022. At the same time, corporate net profits from revenue collection and repatriation grew at a high rate of 35 per cent and 41 per cent, respectively, for the last three years. In 2022, corporate performance continued to grow, with $3.88 billion in operating income, compared to that of the previous year.
Policy changes in the area of innovation and client demand, early deployment of sunk markets and business start-up operations across the country, sustained growth in corporate product procurement by corporate clients due to demand for regularization, partially offset by a contraction in firm orders in 2022, institutional authorization of operations, and a gradual shift in future plans to corporate subscriptions (from license authorization to subscriptions)
Read, in the form of an annual authorization (type subscription model) has been introduced in selected regional pilots; for Internet advertising, consistent with the principle of optimized user experience, continued proactive efforts to reduce the number and frequency of advertising slots, and future or continued voluntary contractions of 1.2.2 Māori, with R&D spending at the top of the industry
The overall Māori ratio of companies has remained stable; there is now a rapid growth trend in R&D inputs, with a steady share of operating income, and R&D input is largely the first gradient compared to other leading companies in the software sector; and the number of R&D personnel in the company in 2022 remained largely at the same level as last year, at a total of 2922.
Corporate operating cash flows have been growing steadily in recent years, with a ratio of over 140 per cent to net profits for nearly three years; contract debt has been growing steadily, reaching 1.73 billion in 2022, with an increase of 44.56 per cent over the same period, which supports future performance.
In the future, the company’s rich office value-added services are expected to make paid users more sticky and increase its willingness to subscribe over a long period of time, which is expected to lead to a steady increase in contractual liabilities.
Office software, also known as the office suite, is a software application that operates on computers and operating systems to generate information (e.g. documents, electronic sheets, presentations, charts, graphics, etc.) and provides users with the functions of the resulting document compilation, writing and layout, statistical analysis and presentation of data, slide design and presentation, and is a vertical part of the co-ordinated office product.
In February-May 2020, according to the Ire consultation, the efficiency office has increased the rate of activity of the app-monthly independent equipment by more than 250%. In addition, companies produce more than 250%.
In addition, according to the country’s requirements, the letter-making layout will gradually penetrate key sectors from the party’s political organs to the industry as a whole, and in the party-writing, it will be pre-empted by electronic correspondence, which will be replaced by oa, which will provide a good basis for the nationalization of office software.
According to the research of the Haibi Institute, the market size of China’s IT applications (including office software) was 59,444 million yuan in 2022, with a combined growth rate of 35.1 per cent in the last five years. It ranked second in five types of IT products (it infrastructure, basic software, platform software, application software, IT security products).
The developed product wpsoffice (forlinux version) of the national production-adapted operating system is expected to lead to a qualitative upgrading of the 2.1 software industry in the process of nationalization, leading to a low demand for co-location: while China ' s software industry is growing, the epidemic further catalyzes the need for co-location and promotes co-location.
China’s digital economy has gained momentum, new industries have grown, and the digital transformation of traditional industries has accelerated, allowing the software industry to regenerate. As a result of the economies of scale, China’s software industry has increased in quantity and in revenue faster.
According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, in 2021, the total profits of the software industry were $118.75 billion, an increase of 7.6 per cent in 2021 and an increase of two years.
In 2021, software products earned $244.3 billion, an increase of 12.3 per cent over the previous year, an increase of 2.2 percentage points over the same period, representing a 25.7 per cent share of industry income.
According to the Institute of Foresight, the size of basic office software users in China reached 655 million in 2018; according to Irey ' s consulting data, in February-May 2020, the efficiency office’s app monthly independent equipment activity increased at the same rate that the company’s wpsoffice was in the lead in the co-location market, with the wpsoffice independently applied in 2023.
Monthly activity (number of independent equipment per month) exceeded 240 million, leading other document synergies platforms and occupying an absolute leading position. 2.2 Intelligent domestic office software is rapidly developing, and the company’s potential credit space is about 4.6-6.2 billion yuan/Siuqi: Haibi expects the size of the Chinese IT application market (including office software) in 2023.
80 billion yuan, with excellent compatibility of company products (wpsofficeforlinux version adapted to the national production operating system), a mature level of office safety technology, and a high level of penetration in the country’s enterprises, the company is expected to continue to benefit as the demand for credit flows down to the county and industry levels.
It is expected to generate about 4.6-6.2 billion dollars a year of revenue for companies, a core market of core products and a non-core market of non-core products (core market = IT technology + basic software; non-core market = platform software + application + IT safety products).
The size of the core market is expected to reach 33 billion yuan in 2023, or 27 per cent, and the size of the non-core market is expected to reach 91.45 billion yuan. Figure 26: The size of the credit-making industry.
The size of the application is expected to reach $80.3 billion, with a combined growth rate of 35.1 per cent for 2021-2025, and is ranked second in the five categories of innovative products (it infrastructure, basic software, platform software, application software, IT security products).
Up to 59.3 per cent, in response to the safety and security needs of clients, the company-owned version of wpsofficelinux has been fully supported by the national production platform (e.g., core cores, fly-towers, mega-chips, chipworks, etc.) and the national production operating system, and has completed system fit-out and response in a number of major “nuclear high-tech” engineering projects during the “12th and 13th” period.
By extension, the company continuously upgrades its office security technology to provide users with a one-stop, multi-platform, web-based, office cloud service application solution. With regard to wpsoffice end-of-end products, the company ' s original version of the product has continued to evolve. As of the end of 2022, the company was working with 1,345 clients in the area of letter-making, with a 100% acceptance rate
In 2019, of the country ' s 96 companies, 82, or 85.41%, were served by companies; in the financial sector, in particular, commercial banks in the five major countries of the country were all corporate customers, and in the 12 national share-holding commercial banks, companies had 11, or 91.67%, of the clients served. Most of the company ' s current clients were in the form of site authorization.
Buying corporate products, we anticipate that companies will gradually expand the end-of-the-product authorization business into a fair-service subscription to the Golden Mount digital platform, which is expected to result in higher payments from customers through the provision of more value-added services, to the effect that there will be much room for raising the fees of future customers. In the publicly owned cloud services market, companies use the numbers to do so.
In 2022, the number of publicly owned Yunsaas subscriptions increased by 51%, the rate of renewal by over 70%, the rate of renewal by over 100%, and the revenue associated with the public cloud sector by over 100%.
As the company gradually shifts its corporate mandate to institutional subscriptions, i.e., from a one-time model to an annual subscription payment model, coupled with the demand for a gradual downgrading of district party offices and industry-wide progress, it is expected that the company will achieve significant and stable revenue in the future.
The building is expected to generate approximately 2.8-38 billion per year of income, and as the message moves forward to telecommunications, electricity, education, etc., we anticipate that, according to the definition of the public administration and social organization sector, it will comprise six broad categories of units: organs of the Communist Party of China, national institutions, civil and democratic associations, social security organizations, mass groups, social groups and other member organizations.
At present, there are about 1957,000 people in the business of this sector, which is dominated by the annual site authorization, and it is expected that the company will gradually expand its end-of-end authorization operations for individual products into subscriptions to the Kimsan Digital Office platform.
By providing more value-added services, the Kimsan Digital Office platform is expected to raise clients’ fees, which means that there will be a significant increase in the amount of money that will be paid by future foreign companies. At the country’s request, the information setup will gradually penetrate the party’s political apparatus into a heavy industry, and in the case of the party’s communications, it will be pre-empted by electronic correspondence, and oa will be replaced by a national substitution for office software.
It's a good basis, and it's expected that the same requirements will be maintained in the future as the industries move forward. By our calculations, party organs and financial institutions will generate about 2.8 to 3.8 billion years of revenue, and with the call for the future, we will follow the "2+8+n" pace (from the party authorities to the priority sectors) and then move to the entire industry.
(a) Measurement of the short-, medium- and long-term three-part space: the financial sector is also a priority for the future transformation of the IT revolution in terms of the size of the party administration at 1957 million. According to a study by the National Statistical Office, the financial sector employed 8.5 million people by the end of 2020, assuming 90 per cent penetration of the pc end of the two industries and a unit price of 110-150 yuan/year (product authorized prices)
For $548, assuming a product renewal cycle of five years, it would be about $110 per year, taking into account the subsequent company year. In industries other than finance, we calculate conservatively at 30% pc penetration rate for larger industries, such as education and health, while in other industries we calculate at 50% penetration rate, these other parameters remain unchanged;
Since the company was listed, there has been a steady upward trend in the number of individual customers of the company and the penetration rate of the payments: by 2022, 12 per cent (pc end penetration) of individual users of the company and 68 yuan/year (average guest bill prices) of the user pays user, an increase of 18 per cent from the same year; with the company ' s continuous enrichment of product modules, it is expected that the user experience will be improved.
A step-by-step increase in user willingness to pay, with latearpu and fee penetration rates expected to continue to rise. People’s subscription revenue of $2.05 billion is still far from the maximum space measured, and the future income space is expected to continue to rise at a later stage, as company prices and the number of users increase.
If we refer to the pay penetration rate of mainstream audio video apps in the country, the video penetration rate is more than 20 per cent and the music penetration rate is more than 10 per cent; wpsoffice, as a production tool, will theoretically have a pay penetration rate higher than the entertainment software; we expect individual company users to have a penetration rate of 25-30 per cent.
Pc end users spend an average of more than three hours a day, which is the most willing group to pay in the future, a proportion of which is also in line with our theoretical assumptions. Figure 31: Number of individual company payers (left) and unit prices (right)
Figure 32: wpsoffice fee penetration rate (pc end) 2.4 draws on Microsoft: SMEs open up 10 billion long-term spaces with more than 80 per cent of end-users in a soft revenue structure, with major clients predominantly micro-enterprises, contributing around annually
The amount of subscription revenue is 80 billion; while the institutional income of companies is less than 50 per cent, there is still much room for penetration in small and medium-sized enterprises, with potential revenue space estimated at 154-21.4 billion/year, and there is still a large gap in the income gap at the end of small and medium-sized (private) enterprises.
By reference to Microsoft’s income structure, there is still much room for improvement in the share of corporate business end-of-business revenue. The largest share of corporate business income (excluding Internet advertising) is contributed by end-of-C users: 2022h1 companies contribute 56.71% of total personal business income, i.e. institutional business is only 43.29%.
For the larger, its annual report, which is disclosed in 2022, shows that the office commercial version (b end users) contributes approximately $37.3 billion, the office consumer version (c end users) approximately $5.7 billion, and the business version as a whole accounts for about 87 per cent. In addition, the commercial version is the largest in the number of subscribers from office 365.
In April 2022, the number of office 365 live users reached 320 million and the number of office 365 consumer subscribers was 58.4 million. It was estimated that the number of office 365 consumer users was about 18 per cent of the total number of monthly lives, or about 81 per cent of the commercial monthly users.
In addition, the majority of subscriptions to the office 365 business editions are made up of small logos. According to research conducted by Enlyft, 67% of subscribers to Microsoft office 365 have fewer than 50 employees and only 9% have more than 1,000 employees; 87% of subscribers to an enterprise earn less than $10 million a year.
The 365 subscriber structure shows that most enterprises are small-scale, based on the United States sba (small) companies. We have a simple calculation of the income from the contribution of Microsoft Office 365 company subscribers to MSMEs: in April 2022, there were 320 million live users in office 365 months, of which 58.4 million were personal (consumable) users.
According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, by the end of 2021, there were 48 million small and medium-sized enterprises in China, which accounted for 79.4 per cent of the total number of employed persons in enterprises.
The following enterprises account for 55 per cent of the total, with enterprises earning less than 50 million a year accounting for about 87 per cent. An analysis of the future income space that small and medium-sized enterprises with a workforce of less than 300 people, we estimate a overlap, as both account for more than 90 per cent of the total number of enterprises) with a significant increase in the income from the estimated income ceiling.
However, the capacity and willingness of SMEs to pay are currently relatively weak, and it is expected that the willingness of SMEs to pay will continue to grow against the backdrop of improved policies in the future and the growing productivity of the Department of Public Administration, which is expected to be pessimistic.
28.7 per cent pc penetration rate; 68.7 per cent domestic pc penetration rate as recently disclosed by wpsoffice, or approximately 69 of 100 pc machines, will be installed.
At 68.7 per cent, at an average annual price of 110-150 yuan/year (wpsoffice authorized, five-year cycle) it is difficult to take account of the abuse and can only gradually increase user willingness to pay through continuous product innovation; in addition, in recent years, the State has issued a policy requiring companies to use the active software and is expected to develop a positive business user base.
Figure 42: Distribution of the number of employees of the China Small Insignia Company, Figure 43: Distribution of annual revenues of the China Small Insignia Company (millions of yuan) Table 2: Income space for small and medium-sized enterprises
Table 3: Policies related to the use of active software, based on the 2.2-2.4 measurements, we have summarized the company's future revenue in relation to the three segments of customers: c-end customers, credit clients, SMEs; the current capacity and willingness of SMEs to pay is relatively weak and is not expected to do so.
In the context of improved policies and the growing productivity of companies, the willingness of SMEs to pay is expected to continue to be raised, and we estimate that the net profits of firms under the three income scenarios are expected to reach $6.6 billion, $7.9 billion, $9.2 billion.
In contrast, it is concluded that wpsoffice has a clear price advantage over Microsoft office, whether at the b-end or the c-end; furthermore, the b-end subscriptions allow clients to package their subscriptions according to a modular combination, with greater flexibility in pricing, while the c-end also explores the location of the application of this model and anticipates more options for pricing future c-end products.
At the end of the page, there is a clear price advantage at the end of b.C. The company’s main business is divided into individual office service subscriptions, institutional authorizations and subscriptions, and Internet advertising.
Service subscriptions generate revenue mainly through the provision of content-based, functionally differentiated value-added services to end-users; institutional authorization and subscription operations generate revenue through the provision of office software and value-added services to companies that are authorized in the original version; and Internet advertising is the use of major product clients to advertise to free users, charging fees based on information flows.
End and end b and end c products have clear price advantages compared to Microsoft Office and are more flexible in pricing, and clients can pay for them through modular subscriptions. 3.1.1 Personal office service subscriptions
Summing up: Wpsoffice provides content-based, functionally different value-added services to fee-paying users under the personal office service subscription mode.
The wps member service focuses on a functional service based on wpsoffice office software and allows access to pdf document processing (including integration, split, editing, etc.), photo processing (including editing, translation, recognition of text, etc.), cloud space expansion and advertising removal; rice shell members focus on a wpsoffice-based operation
The public software content service provides a range of fine documents and ppt templates from wps, as well as an ai-intellectual functions. Super-members, in addition to enjoying all the privileges of wps members and rice-shell members at the same time, also have larger cloud file storage spaces and high-level applications that are not limited in number.
Its competitor Microsoft sells products on a subscription and authorization basis for individuals and enterprises, corresponding to office products of office 365 and office 2021. Overall, office 365 is more expensive than office 2021, but provides a more product-rich product function and functional renewal service, and supports multi-equipment authorization to switch.
The office platform needs support. The office 2021 is a one-time buyout, which can only support a single device authorization, followed by an additional purchase upgrade if a version of the update is available. Compared to the office 2021, with the exception of the personal version of office 365, his version of office 365 is allowed to be used by more than one user (within six).
Queries, office2021 family and student editions correspond to an annual price of $150/year. office365 family and personal editions are products for individual users with annual subscription prices of $498/year and $398/year, respectively. Personal product comparison results: overall, wpsoffice prices are lower.
Even in the face of the higher-priced wps super-member (179/year), Microsoft's office products have little advantage. Moreover, for individual users, companies are exploring a pay-as-you-go model for modular subscriptions, and this model will be followed in the future.
3.1.2 Agency authorizations and subscription summaries: for business users, wps business model and Microsoft similarity, authorization and subscriptions, corresponding product fractions
Do not use wpsoffice2019 and Kimsan office digital platforms; product prices are lower than Microsoft and price-fixing is flexible. For authorized operations, there are mainly two types of procurement, one being a quantity authorization model for volume purchases and the other a lease authorization model (site authorization) for type subscriptions: soft for customers in designated areas within the contract period
A range of services, such as authorization, updating, maintenance; accompanying products are wpsoffice2019 professional and professional enhancement editions (generally preferential, the number of accounts actually used by clients is greater than the number of fee-paying accounts).
A larger number of clients can sign multi-year contracts at a time or year-by-year. The business is accompanied by a wpsoffice 2019 professional and professional enhancement version at a cost of $548 and $960, respectively, of which the professional enhancement version enriches the secondary development capacity and provides a vba secondary development interface.
Some wps members will be provided with functions, such as split-ups of documents, etc. Microsoft Office's business authorization version is an office 2021 small business version, sold at 1998 dollars, with more mail (outlook), database (access) and layout (publihser) support than a personal version.
Compared to the two authorized products, Microsoft can be found to be far above wps in prices, calculated as the five-year equipment iterative cycle, with an average of 400 yuan per year for the office 2021 small business version, and 110 yuan per year for the wpsoffice 2019 professional version and 192 dollars per year for professional enhancement.
For institutional subscriptions, the corresponding product is the Kimsan office digital platform, which, in addition to using wps, has a larger cloud storage space and document security protection service.
There are a number of basic functions, but there are limits to the number of members to be used. On the experience version, there are more options available, value-added services provided by wps members, more members to use, larger document storage space and unlimited document security protection.
Microsoft's office 365 for business users has four versions available for subscription, providing a variety of additional functions, including layout design (publisher), consultation sharing (sharepoint), video clipping (clipcamp), video newsletters (skype), collaborative office (teams). For b-subscriptors, wps are generally less expensive.
Wps' commercial base price is 199 yuan/person/year, less than the 392 yuan/person/year of the office 365 business base; while in a more advanced version, wps' business standard version 599 yuan/person/year, offcie 365 commercial advanced $1908/person/year.
Results of comparison of enterprise products: For soft office products of the logo, the prices are significantly higher than the wps (licensed 110-192; subscription 199-599); and, for users of the Kimsan office digital platform, the wps allow customers to perform a module-by-module mix.
3.2wpsoffice versus Microsoft office function: differential strategies and high compatibility to ensure competitiveness we compare Microsoft and wpsoffice functionality differences from local, cloudy, and system compatibility;
At the local level, wps have made more functional extensions to address potential office needs, including pdf editing, photo editing, document glorification, etc.; at the cloud end, Wps ' cloud services are more stable for domestic users; and at the system compatibility, wps can achieve compatibility with multiple systems, including the mainstream operating system of national production.
On the local side, wps 's pdf document editor and photo editor, as well as the fine templates of the volume provided, are their own features. wps provide wps members and super-members with editing, merging, converting, etc. of pdf documents, and also have photo restoration, recognition, conversion, etc.; for rice shell members and super-members, wps provide big ppt and
Word-beautiful templates, while supporting ai's glorification of documents. In addition, wps will provide additional features that reduce the burden of office, such as language compatibility in the writing of macro files.
For example, the cloud function of Microsoft Office is not stable, and Microsoft will install onedrive servers in Asia in Singapore and Hong Kong, which will affect the speed at which Microsoft Offices in mainland China use onedrive to upload and download files; users can address this by subscription to the domestic version of Office 365 (domestic)
Release 365 is operated by Century Connect, which also means that for most office users who use computer pre-installed, additional subscriptions to office 365 are required to stabilize access to cloud services. The wps ' golden mountain files fully support the free and fluid use of cloud document functionality by domestic users, coupled with the high compatibility of the gold mountain and wpsoffice files.
Sex, which allows users to switch seamlessly at the cloud and local ends. In terms of system compatibility, wps perform better than Microsoft, not only with linux, but also with the current operating system that is the mainstream of national production, which will give them an advantage at the domestic tog end.
Overall, the range of product services provided by office 365 is also lacking in wps, such as database processing, video editing, etc., and Microsoft has a wealth of product ecology over wps. But wps also competed differently on the domestic market with their own features, such as pdf document processing, photo editing, etc.
Seeing Microsoft Office is almost unchanged. Table 9: Comparison of wpsoffice and microsoftoffice products with 4.1 historical redisk: swings and takes over office software heights
The company's predecessor, Kimsan Software, was established in 1988 to operate around the core product wps. During the Dos era, public issues were troubled and gradually lost their advantage; until 2011 the Golden Hills software business split up, each formed a subsidiary and decided to move into the mobile Internet, the company took back a city in competition with the Moor: the company developed a huge wps cloud after 2015.
Ecology and the launch in 2018 of the Bounty Office core product, the Golden Mountain file; in 2020, the epidemic generated a large number of online and co-location needs, and the number of active clients of the company ' s main products grew rapidly, with Microsoft ahead, followed by piracy (1989-1996): in 1989, the Royal Government developed wps1.0; in 1990,
Wps occupied more than 90% of the market share in Chinese word-processing software. And as Microsoft began to move into the domestic market, it was introduced, but its promotion was hampered by the failure to achieve Word’s “what you see, what you get.”
Watching for faith, fighting for war, playing for business anti-breeding office development (1996-2011): In 1996, Soft Hill launched a single machine computer game and tool software that seeks to explore a path in the development of diversity; in 2002, the public,
The division decided to spend all the cash on the books ($35 million) and push wps to rewps to fit Microsoft products; three years, (in 2008, entertainment software business accounted for 67% of the total benefits). During this period, the company responded to the succession development of wps in the game business and tool software industry, following up with the office. In 2007, Soul Man Ray left the company.
The return of the army in 2011 led to the gradual definition of strategic directions for the future: the focus on wps, online games and the three core operations of the Golden Mountain Poisons, the withdrawal of all unrelated operations, and the dismantling of three lines of business, each with its own companies, its offices, its offices, its own offices, and its own networks.
Moving to the Internet, embracing the cloud era (2011-2018): In June 2011, wps moved up the line, growing at around 300% in the first few years, and became one of the focus points for future development. Wps personal editions accumulated a large number of c-end users, and companies have been exploring business models to convert large amounts of c-end traffic from traditional advertising.
Since 2014, when mobile payments became popular, companies have identified the final business model, and since then, they have reduced the rate of advertising growth and determined the business model for value-added services for paid members. From 2015 to 2016, companies have moved into cloud services, and the commercialization of value-added services has been moved along with the migration from end to cloud.
At this point, wps have formed a stable three-wheel-drive income pattern, namely, product authorization, Internet launch of the Golden Mountain file, official entry into the cloudy cooperative office era (2018-to-date): 2018, the Golden Mountain file was born, and the product was dedicated to solving multiple files, allowing seamless switching with the wpsoffice.b During the 2020 outbreak,b
There is a surge in demand for office on the end and end-c lines, and the company’s business is growing at a high rate. Rewinding down: through a review of the company’s history, we can see that the company has never abandoned its commitment to this track of office software, even during a period of problems of Microsoft and piracy, still actively seeking to change, moving away from the path and re-establishing it.
Develop wpsoffice and explore the development of multiple roads to sustain the development of a nursing office. In addition, the company's executives are very good at digging up the incremental market at the moment of decision-making, and in 2011 they announced their march into the mobile Internet, using the Internet “East Wind” to bend Microsoft over the size of the mobile end user; and in 2015 they presented the “wps+Cloud Office” cloud cover in 2018.
We have reason to believe that the company will continue to tap the incremental market without a development perspective, while maintaining its core business. The gold mountain office is divided by the gold mountain software, which holds 52.69% of the shares, and can rely on its indirect ownership of shareholders.
The company’s top executives are mostly from the Golden Mountain family, and its chairman, Zoutao, took office in 1998 in Kim.
In order to encourage continuous staff innovation, the company has established, in addition to the relevant incentive policies and management practices.
In order to better motivate key technical members of the public sector, the company has implemented equity incentive schemes for its employees, through successive awards of equity incentives through limited partnership platforms in Chiwenvi, and through the Chivennvi. On 5 July 2021, the board approved the award of equity incentives for its employees.
The quasi-extension of the equity incentive scheme until 30 March 2027, a long-term and stable equity incentive scheme that promotes a sense of ownership and a more positive attitude towards the job, is 4.3.1 “Multiscreen, cloud, content, ai and collaboration” support intelligent office.
Office software is moving in the direction of mobility, cloudization, and intelligence. Together with the fact that the epidemic has driven teleworking over the years, it has strengthened cloud services, cloud files, smart document claims and practical applications. In 2021, Kimsan-kun launched a strategy for "many screens, clouds, content, ai, collaboration" to continuously drive business transformation.
User habits have grown up, and the number of uploading cloud-side documents has been rising, reaching 175.2 billion in 2022. In the case of the ai study, the company’s office applications in the areas of cv (computer visualization), nlp (natural language processing) have made a breakthrough.
In 2022, the office used the ability of a person to help users calibrate a total of 334 billion words throughout the year.
The number of photos processed reached 14.6 billion and the number of intelligent beautification users active each month stood at 2.37 million. Now, wps also have an intellectual-aided writing function that automatically generates text paragraphs based on the outline, which helps users write. These technical capabilities are exported from a single one-stop shop. In the future, companies actively explore closings.
The next generation of interactive experiences of aigc, llm (large language model) technologies, combined with the scenes of document translation, hearing, English proofreading, voice and audio transliteration, intelligent assistive writing and layout, table data intelligence analysis, ppt generation and beautification, provide easy, high-quality intelligence service experiences for users.
The combination of the office and the llm (chatgpt) has led to a significant increase in production efficiency and has become a benchmark for the application of the i-office integration software; in the future, it is expected that the company will increase the efficiency of public production and will further increase the client's willingness to pay and the unit price of the product if it can access the type of chhagpt model (in-country rhetoric).
On 16 March 2023, Moose held a launch and launched Microsof365copilot, which achieved a significant increase in productivity by combining large llm with Microsoft office tools. Office applications like copilot and Word, Excel, ppt, etc. are combined, and users need only talk in copilot when they use Word, Excel, etc.
box. For example, in Excel, the copilot can quickly complete the data analysis process and present the relevant graphs according to the user's instructions, which is expected to significantly improve the user's efficiency.
Figure 53: Parti function of wpsoffice Figure 55: Copilot generates ppt based on user instructions Figure 56: Copilot operates excel according to user instructions
The White Paper on Digital Economic Development in Western China states that between 2018 and 2021, there were 8,300 pole companies around the world.
The gap continues to widen, with the top 10% of firms fully embracing digitalization five times faster than the next 25%. This means that the ahead of digital transformation has gained a strong pre-emptive advantage, accelerating the digitalization process, and has become an inevitable option for large-scale organizations to achieve cross-cutting development.
And with the growth in the number of users of the gold mountain files and the successive roll-out of a series of collaborative tools, the gold mountain office has been transformed from a single machine document processing tool to a multi-person collaborative tool. The company has also gradually shifted its strategic focus, focusing on how to help the organization upgrade and transform its digital office while thinking about how to help individuals work.
Through the integration of wpsoffice and Kimsan files, the Yamayama Digital Office provides digital capacity for business offices. A series of new products have been released by the Kimsan Office: a new generation of collaborative office platforms based on language sessions, integration of the various collaborative services of the Phnom Penh Office - Kim Shan Collaboration: dedicated to multi-person collaboration
An enhanced version of the site design software — light-dimensional tables: a new generation of knowledge management tools — a gold mountain knowledge base, etc. As a result, the office has developed a comprehensive organizational capacity matrix covering the full life cycle of the digital office, enabling large organizations to fast-track the digitization of tools and processes within the organization and to achieve uniform security controls.
According to Wang Dong, Vice-President of the Office of Kimsan, there are three major pains in the digital transformation of large organizations (information vulnerability, self-construction costs, openness of existing products), and the "one office capability matrix, two mid-stages, three enabling scenarios, four modes of delivery" of the Digital Office platform of Kimshan easily solves these three pains, and companies will follow the digitalization of the organization in the future.
Corporate income: Companies pay close attention to policy changes and client needs in the area of credit creation, pre-positioning down markets and business start-up operations in various locations, and corporate clients are continuously increasing their purchases of corporate products as a result of the demand for formalization, offsetting the contraction of letter-making orders
And as the future of the county-level political organs in the region is sunk and is fully advanced in the industry, as well as the positive penetration rate, Internet advertising: according to the company's strategy, in order to optimize the user's experience, Internet advertising will continue to be reduced in the future, and according to the 2.2-2.4 calculations, we will be involved in the company's future with c-end customers, credit starters, small and medium-sized enterprises.
The income of the three segments of the client is aggregated; the capacity and willingness of SMEs to pay are currently relatively weak, and it is expected that the willingness of SMEs to pay will continue to be raised against the backdrop of improved policies and rising production capacity of firms, and we estimate that the net profits of firms under the three income scenarios are expected to reach $6.6 billion, $7.9 billion and $9.2 billion.
Adobe is the world’s leading provider of digital media and online marketing programmes, and the benchmark for software companies to transform the saas model. Its main products are creativeclud (including graphics such as adobeexpress, photoshop, lulustrator, etc.), documentcloud(pdf file management), and experienceclud (integrating various marketing applications).
Data analysis, strategic planning, customer experience management, etc. for enterprises. According to observations and the data from Sense, the core product of Adobe is in the leading position in the market, both creativecloud and documentcloud.
Similar to adobe, future company valuations can refer to the valuation performance of adobe (downstream demand risk at 40-50 p_ttm in the last five years: the number of individual subscriptions has been bottlenecked and growing less than expected; market demand will be further affected if firms ' customers are exposed to poor environmental performance and budgets for digital construction fall;
2. Policy risk: The growth of the IT policy has not progressed as expected, party organs and corporations have not had enough information-based budgets and companies have been affected by the decline in the number of related orders. 3. Space measurements for the IT business, end-c and end-b operations are based on a certain premise that the assumptions are not valid.
In July 2021, Cheng Xiang, Computer Research Assistant, Master of Business Administration, Wuhan University, and a Bachelor of Management, joined the Sinda Securities Research Institute to carry out research in the computer sector.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed a service agreement with the CVM, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
The information contained in this report does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in it. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.