Mid 2024: Report of a double-wheel drive: "Commodity + civilian goods", 02/09/2024, Research Assistant Kozheng-tae
▪ Continuously optimized management efficiency and sustained profitability. Business performance increased in the first half of 2024. The return ratio decreased by 17.99 per cent, mainly as a result of a significant reduction in investment returns. The Division continued to be active in the preparation of goods to guarantee the fulfilment of its mission throughout the year. The company needed further upgrading.
In the first half of the 2024s, the profitability of companies’ subsidiaries remained largely stable, with the South, among them.
The company’s profits have fallen by 72.11% over the same year, and its profitability has declined rapidly; Leyang’s total profit growth has increased by 317.56% over the same year, or marks the turning point for Leyang’s performance.
Autonomous technological innovation, key technological breakthroughs and core technology applications are strongly supported, stimulating autonomous innovation by all employees, enabling the development and extension of core technologies. Companies and sub-firms applied for 213 patents in the first half of the year; 154 patents were granted, 152 of which were patented.
The company is the only company in the country that can develop a fully spectral military aviation engine, with exclusive access to the domestic military development market. The company is actively involved in the development of civil aviation engines and will benefit from the national production of civil aviation engines.
Launch Dynamics (600893), 2023 Annual Report, with a strong technology R & D capability, the creation of a professional production line cluster and continuous improvement of R & D assessment: sustained steady growth in performance, with many downstream outlets
Companies also have advanced supply chain management capabilities and smart manufacturing capabilities, with a long-term development perspective, capable of organizing and producing aviation engine products efficiently. In addition, companies are actively promoting new products.
Productivity development, continuous optimization of the industrial layout, improvement of the technological innovation system, upgrading of manufacturing capacity, high-quality, high-performance, low-energy aviation engines for national defence and economic development.
Remark: Profitability is sustainable, downstream markets  Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company's performance meets expectations, we maintain the previous schedule, given the high level of water consumption in aviation engines and the company's core position in the industry, and based on the pace at which the equipment is released
Three major financial forecasts of the driving forces of navigation: Toshio Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.