The rate of increase in the harvest is 10 years and the rate of increase in dawn is close to five.
The company ' s main products and services are the production and export of spare parts for military civil aviation engines, the production and export of civil aviation engines, the maintenance of gas turbines for civilian use, and the maintenance of civil aviation engines. In 2020, the company continued its high-quality development with a revenue of $28,633 million (+13.57 per cent).
The rate of increase is the highest in the last decade, mainly in terms of income from aviation engines and derivatives. On the operational side, the company’s main business was divided into three categories: aviation engines and derivatives, foreign trade export sub-contracting, non-aeronautical and other operations.
Current operating income of $26,163 million (+18.79 per cent), representing 91.38 per cent of total revenue, was mainly due to an increase in product delivery and repair operations, with a Māori rate of 14.81 per cent (1.99 pcts), mainly due to restructuring of corporate products and low manufacturing maturity of sub-products; foreign trade export subcontracting operations generated operating income of $1,509 million (-).
One billion yuan (+88.32%) is due mainly to higher revenues from the sale of materials by industrial and trade subsidiaries, which account for 2.07% of revenues, and an increase in sales of 12.03% (-11.78 pcts), mainly part of the low Māori product. From a regional perspective, subsidiaries of companies perform better and improve robustly.
The company ' s main product is the Ws-10 series of aviation engines, which are widely equipped with a large number of high-performance military aircraft in the country, reporting (+28.86 per cent): the South company ' s main product is vortex 8, turbo 6 and piston engines and zero billion (-15.68 per cent), of which the air engine and derivatives are collected at $6,986 million (+23.69 per cent);
Leyang was able to raise 2,267 million yuan (+7.31 per cent) at the highest rate in the last five years, with a total profit of 90 million yuan (+533,447 per cent) and a larger increase at the highest level in the last five years, of which 2,148 million yuan (+575 per cent) was generated by aviation engines and derivatives.
In respect of the costs of the Capital Building, SMS Ltd., sales costs of $303 million (-7.35 per cent) were mainly due to a reduction in the cost of repair of some of the products back to the plant on a year-to-year basis; administrative costs of $1,676 million (-the impact of the decline in modelling and changes in international exchange rates); and research and development costs of $447 million (+6.38 per cent), mainly due to an increase in research and development topics.
Preparation of $287 million, resulting from some product renewals, planned adjustments and design changes, as well as an additional $83.6594 million for impairments in construction work, for those parts of the construction project that cannot be used.The only enterprise in the country that can develop vortexes, vortexes, vortexes, vortexes, pistons, etc., is a complete spectrum of military aviation engines: the company has one, two, three generations of air power.
The total capacity of motors and gas turbines to test and test for four or five generations of machines has the production line for the production of the first large-scale vortex motors. The public sector is oriented towards two major markets, civil and military, with air engine and derivatives covering the entire industrial chain of development, production, testing, marketing, and maintenance guarantees, and foreign trade; 371 patents, of which 363 are authorized; and 594 million yuan in R & D, with 2.08% of the revenue, covering 265 key technical studies.
During the 14th Five-Year Plan, the Party’s 19th Congress proposed a new “three-step” development strategy for defence and army-building for the new era, aiming to achieve a basic modernization of the defence and army by 2035, and to complete the People’s Army as the world’s leading army by mid-century. The White Paper on National Defence emphasized the renewal of weapons equipment, and the Political Bureau meeting in July 2020 proposed a “14-Year” direction for the development of cross-border weapons, including a new generation of aviation equipment.
New developments in defence and army-building place higher demands on the development of aviation engines. With demand-driven and technological innovation driven by two-wheel drive, it is expected that the company’s operations will reach a critical node during the “14th Five-Fifteen” period, driven by priority-type development needs, leading to growth in scale and technological upgrading.
The \triangleright engine R & D manufacturing enterprise is the only domestic supplier of three generations of main warplane-type engines, and the demand for related products is growing. Under the direction of the “full-scale world-class army” and the “14th-five” large-scale installation, the country will accelerate the replacement of aviation power equipment, which will keep the demand for military air engines on the rise.
With the implementation and advancement of the “two sets of machines”, business-related developments in companies are opening up major opportunities.