Conlong (3759.hk/300759.ch): 2022: Guidance: Next step in business expansion focus infrastructure and new technologies 4q21 income and adjusted net profits increased by 38/37% (previously, performance reports have been issued).
The Division will focus on business line infrastructure (self-built + extended M & As) and the construction of new technology platforms. The “buy-in” rating will be maintained, but taking into account the short-term sector expansion performance in 2021, with annual income growth ranging from 45 per cent to 7.44 billion yuan, overseas.
If income increased by 52 per cent at the same exchange rate last year, the Māori rate rose by 1.4 percentage points and revenues from laboratory services increased by 41.1 per cent to 4.57 billion, Māori rates increased by 0.7 pcts from the same year to a total of 565 drug discovery projects for companies throughout the year, which were submitted for ind/nda77.
The cmc (small molecule cdmo) has increased its income by 42.9% to 1.75 billion. Overseas clients contribute 20% of their income to projects in the iii and commercial stages.
Big molecules and cell and gene therapy revenues increased significantly by 467 to 150 million, 98% of which came from overseas clients. Abl, acquired by company 2q21, has begun to take on external orders, management has reiterated its “buy-in” rating; and taking into account the short-term impact of new acquisitions on profit margins and
Figure 1: Profit projections and financial indicators Scavengering attention to the International Study of Pura Qing Financial Statements Analysis and Forecasting - Conlong translation (3759.hk)
Source: Bloomberg, Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, Future Extension Focus: Infrastructure, New Technologies
With regard to the expansion of the main lines of operation infrastructure and the development of laboratory services, phase 2 of the Ningbo first park will be fully operational in the near future, and phase 1 of the third park, which is over 140,000 square metres, has begun and is expected to be launched in 1h24.
In addition, the company will continue to expand the size of its laboratories in Beijing and Xian, and will proceed with the creation of new laboratories in cities that are relatively easy to recruit, for example, in Qingdao, Chongqing and Chuhai.
In the case of cmc/small molecule cdmo, the first phase of Shae Xin was able to start production in 2022, while the remaining 400 cubic metres are expected to start production in mid-2022; the total postnatal capacity of the company will be around 1,000 cubic metres.
For big molecules/cgt, the Ningbo II project, which serves as the company’s base for pharmaceutical distribution and production services (almost 70,000 square metres), is expected to start taking over 1h23 from the big molecules’ gmp production services.
The company will continue to invest more in new technologies. In the cmc (small molecule cdmo) area, the company has set up: 1) bio-enzyme catalytic technology, which now has nearly 2,000 biocatalyze enzymes.
In the future, further improvements will be made in the capabilities and efficiency of the Ningbo team; 2) fluid chemistry technology, 2021; completion of nearly 100 topics above the level of kg; and 3) high-throughput chemical reaction screening platform, which together screens more than 220,000 response conditions, optimizing nearly 5,000 responses.
In this area, companies will deploy sophisticated technologies overseas, starting with the UK abl, further expanding their capacity and team, and then introduce key technologies (e.g., dna repair circuits) into the Chinese market through interaction between the Chinese and British teams.
In 2021, the company introduced more than 800 new clients and further reduced the concentration of large clients: the top 20 clients increased their income by 19.2 per cent in the same year, with a 7.3 per cent decrease in concentration; the top 20 global ranking of the top 20 shows the release of new capacity and the increased contribution of late-stage projects; but taking into account the clinical strategy of domestic clients
The Māori rate was lower than expected in 2021, and the renminbi’s exchange rate against the United States dollar continued to be high. Given that real levels were slightly higher than expected in 2021, companies were still expanding in the short term.
4. Other non-operational costs/losses (mostly loss on exchange, loss on disposal of assets, etc.) are revised downwards and are expected to grow only marginally each year, with a decreasing share of income.
Prospective and pessimistic scenarios for Prishtinian International and Prishtinian International.
Pessimistic scenario: Corporate growth is not as good as expected Optimistic scenario: corporate growth is better than expected • equity investment project values remain stable.
• Investment returns followed the overall equity market valuation with a significant increase. Pessimistic scenario: corporate growth is not as high as expected.
The return on investment follows the overall equity market valuation, which has increased considerably. The value of equity investment projects has remained stable.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the securities and futures regulations (Chapter 571) in the first category (securities transactions) and the fourth category (discussing securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.