A China Building Tracking Study, 25th of September 2018, with steady growth in business performance, indicators maintained robustness.
In terms of business performance, the company received 58,892 million yuan in 18 years, an increase of 12.12 per cent over the previous year, an increase of 0.29 percentage points over the first half of the year, resulting in a net profit of $19,138 million to the mother, an increase of 6.10 per cent over the previous year. From this, the turnover rate of accounts receivable was 4.09 times, up from the first half of the year, and returns were faster.
The biggest builder, maintaining robust levels of indicators, coupled with steady progress in the third phase of the restricted stock scheme, will continue to release business dynamism, and future performance is expected to continue to increase steadily. The order increase has reached the point of recovery, and the company is expected to move ahead in its performance compliance period.
As of August 1818, the company construction industry had signed a new bill of $143.5 billion, an increase of 3.90 per cent over the previous two months, with a significant recovery in the cumulative increase over the previous two months, of which $106,5.8 billion had been built, an increase of 8.9 per cent over the previous month.
Upgraded three or four quarters of the firm’s capital flow continues to improve and the underlying logic continues to improve. Sustained improvements in business structures, real estate and infrastructure are expected to contribute continuously to higher profits.
The price of raw materials has risen, the financial chain in the real estate sector has been strained, and the rates of corporate capital and land mass Maori have continued to rise, rising by 1.04 and 4.76 percentage points, respectively, compared to the end of last year. With further policy support and fiscal easing, the ratio of high Maori property to capital is expected to rise steadily, and profits are expected to accelerate in three or four quarters.
The company is a trillion-grade construction company, with robust targets and strong orders, and expected sustained performance in the areas of business layout, infrastructure, real estate, and design consulting. The expected net return profits from 2018 to 2020 fell sharply, and the ppp project fell short of expectations.
1. Construction in China (601668): The performance reported by China is in line with expectations and the business viability continues to be released 2. Construction in China (601668).
By August 2018, the company had accumulated a total of $143.5 billion in new construction orders, an increase of 3.90 per cent over the previous year, of which $10.05 billion in construction orders, an increase of 8.9 per cent over the same period, $39.95 billion in capital construction orders, a decrease of 7.40 per cent over the same period; and real estate contracts for sales.
The cumulative increase in the number of new construction orders signed in January-August has recovered significantly, by 2.3 percentage points, compared to the June figures, of which the housing stock has recovered more sharply, by 3.1 percentage points compared to the June figures, and by 0.7 percentage points compared to the capital stock. Given the order structure, the company insists on optimizing its business structure, with a long-standing rise in capital versus real estate.
The financing environment was tight in the first half of the year, with the impact of the build-up-ppp clearing project and the temporary slowdown in the start-up of the capital-signing project. New orders were signed in June-August, with rapid releases, a cumulative upward trend after June, a rebound in the share of capital/property blocks, and the public-private expansion strategy will continue.
As the largest construction enterprise in the country, the company maintains its own size and its future performance is more secure.
Pre-house and capital-in-progress orders II. Business structures continue to be optimized and property/capital construction is expected to contribute continuously to higher profits
Despite the first half of the year’s pressure on the building block, the price of raw materials, the tight financial chain of the real estate sector, and the company’s Māori ratio of the building block and the property block continued to rise, rising by 1.04 and 4.76 percentage points, respectively, compared to the end of last year. Fiscal easing was further advanced, with a sustained rise in the ratio of high Māori property, capital stock, and profits in the third and fourth quarters.
Key financial indicators of the company Significant decline in capital investment, with the ppp project falling short of expectations.
In July 2011, Wang Jiao, a senior engineer, a first-level builder and a consultant (investment) was graduated from the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing), an undergraduate specializing in chemical engineering and crafts, and a graduate in mineral processing (coalification). For almost eight years, China has been working on the Chinese metallurgical industry, with the chief editor of the steel and steel industry, gb/t18916.31, with a multi-proprietary title (invent patent 1), and has served as a technical director, head of department, project manager, and has been involved in the implementation of a project of engineering all the way overseas, with a relatively rich presence.
In May 2017, the author joined the civil securities industry to study the direction of steel, construction, and building materials. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced by any third party.