Chinese construction (601668.sh) buy-in (first rating)
What do we think of China's construction valuation? 1)pe Division Valuation Method: we give the company a 6/10-fold value of real estate/building blockpe, respectively, with a target market value of $28.91 billion. 2) Share rate Valuation Method: we assume that the company's share rate payment rate in 2018 is equal to the value of the last three years
The net profit discount valuation method is 29.6 billion yuan. 3) The net profit discount valuation: a company can guarantee a net profit in hand for the next seven years The net profit over the next seven years is discounted at a 6% discount rate for the firm ' s strong certainty over the next 14 years, with a reasonable market value expected to be 315.5 billion yuan.
The company is China's largest complex of building and real estate enterprises, and the three main branches of housing, infrastructure and real estate are well developed. In nine years on the market, the rate of equity payments has increased steadily. 2) The company has introduced equity incentives for the first company in the industry, the third issue of which was published in July 2018.
The draft equity incentive, which requires a minimum of 13.5% for roe, and a three-year compound increase in net profits of < 9.5%, fully motivated by staff motivation, stimulates the company’s dynamism. Three major business achievements have led to a steady increase in growth.
For the company's traditional advantage, which represents the highest level of housing construction in China, the rate of urbanization in 2017 was 58.52 per cent, which is far from the “75 per cent” point abroad, and the urbanization process + the upgrading of housing demand + the demolition of old houses will continue to provide the driving force for the construction of houses, which, according to estimates, will accompany the rate of urbanization in 2025
Upgrades bring about nearly 500 million square metres of demand for new housing, nearly 670 million square metres of demand for improved housing, close demand for demolition, and steady growth in the company’s housing construction operations. (2) Real estate operations (a 53% performance) are the seventh largest source of corporate profits, and are the leading real estate business.
In the next three years, there will be a 35 per cent increase in size. 3) The capital sector is a dynamic point for the expansion of the company's business, an important enabler of growth, while the company, as a leading firm, will benefit deeply from the construction of the city's complex/Yunyan area, the “one way” and the ppp policy, and its future performance is expected to pick up steadily.
Wong Joon-hyun, upgrading of property regulation, macroeconomic downsides and policy changes, and less than expected risk of overseas operations. First, companies’ operations have increased steadily, and changes have been made to complete future deliverables.
In the last four years, the three branches of the company's “house construction, infrastructure, real estate” have been well developed and stable.
In 2017, housing construction/infrastructure construction and investment/real estate development and investment collection
Construction markets at the end of the building. Its members, the China-I Bureau, the China-II Bureau, etc., carry out a large number of landmark works in the areas of public buildings, office, defence and military.
Infrastructure areas such as out-of-town orbital transport, highways, city halls, ports and waterways have achieved a great deal of national and local priorities. On the other hand, companies have taken advantage of capital advantages and have been involved in the construction of projects in a variety of modes, including bt, bot, and ppp.
Real estate development and investment: 1) The company ' s real estate business has three major brands: Central Haiti, China Ocean, China and China. It is mainly involved in investment, development and operation of real estate. 2) Central Haiti ' s production is the seventh largest industry in the real estate sector and is a veritable leader in the real estate sector.
With a steady increase in net return, the rate of corporate interest payments has gradually risen to a level of 20%. 2. Flexible mechanisms stimulate dynamism, and staff share incentives performance.
▪ Flexible mechanisms to flatten management and promote good corporate development. 1) China Construction Group Limited is a company with a billion shares, accounting for 56.26 per cent of the total shares that the company has issued. 2) The company is one of the first construction groups to operate marketed, with a large number of subsidiaries operating through flexible mechanisms and flat- levelling models.
More delegation of authority for labour-intensive, more mature operations, faster market response and better quality of services. Pooling of capital-intensive, less mature operations, pooling of capital to target markets, seeking rapid breakthroughs.
In November 2017, China State Holdings changed from a publicly owned to a State-owned sole-owned company to China Construction Group Limited, with the State Treasury acting on behalf of the State Council as a funder. The State Enterprise changed its ownership and regulated the company.
In June 2013, the company introduced its first stock, and in July 2013, the company introduced its third equity incentive, under which the conditions of ownership required no less than 13.5%.
A three-year compound gain of not less than 9.5 per cent, fully motivated by staff motivation, stimulates the dynamism of the company. 3. Profitability is excellent, exceeding industry averages by roe, and corporate profitability is on average highlighted in asset turnover.
Two, three major business achievements are leading in the construction of buildings, and the construction of houses is a success story.
The dominant business, which represents the highest level of housing construction in China, has an absolute advantage and a difficult position in the upper- and middle-level markets. (2) Despite the gradual reduction in the importance of housing construction as a result of the restructuring of the company ' s business, housing construction is still the company ' s main business, with orders growing at a rate of upswing + city occupancy gradually increasing the consolidation of the company ' s housing construction business.
3) Future urbanization processes, housing demand upgrading, old house demolitions will continue to provide a driving force for home-building operations, and steady growth will continue in the long term in the context of higher corporate-market rates.
The pace of growth at the end of 2015 was fatigued, but it was still below the rate of other business orders, with 2017 house construction orders representing 60.2 per cent of the total new orders, a slight decline compared to 2016, and 2.5 pct lower than in 2016. Strategic business adjustments resulted in a decline in the share of housing construction.
6251.348.96 billion yuan, with a slower recovery than in 2016, Māori fell by 10 pct over the same period. High building quality from 1.2 “low” Māori vs, in order to move back into the entrenchment of hegemony Māori is the lowest in comparison with other business of the company and is higher in comparison with industry. 1) According to the company.
Annually, 2017, the Māori rate for housing operations was only 5.6 per cent, the lowest in all operations, and the Māori rate was lower by 4.91 ptt. 2) Vertically, Māori for corporate housing was slow to reach 2015 and was at a lower position. 3) The Māori rate for corporate housing for the same type of company is still high.
China’s housing builders and leaders + the creators of high-precision projects. 1) The company has obtained a number of world-class scientific and technological results, such as the China Construction Kilometre Building Study, and has led the production industry and the country and the country.
Industry standards 72, which provide high-quality projects and improved services to cities at the national and global levels, are well known in the housing industry as the best in quality and the best in technology. 2) Business covers all areas of urban construction and each of its components, with a large number of landmark works, the Shanghai Globe.
High-level buildings, such as the financial center and the new site, come from Chinese construction.
The company has a very competitive edge in the area of super-high-rise housing construction. In 2016, it was awarded over 300 metres of super-high-rise projects, including the Green Valley Central Project, which took over in the first half of 2017.
The Vuhan Yongqing Commercial Complex Project a1 tower, Wuhan Green Valley Central, etc., is up to 400 meters high-level projects. 2) By implementing a differentiated strategy, each subsidiary of the company concentrates on a different segment of the market, forming its own areas of advantage by creating high quality, differentiation, etc.
High-quality export + differential strategies have worked well, and the city’s share has steadily increased.
The market is not as good as it gets. However, companies always export high-quality business, and the city’s share in the fiercely competitive market continues to rise steadily. 1.3 Looking to the future: three major demands are growing steadily, and the building ceiling of the company’s house remains intact.
The “60%” phase of urbanization policy has yet to be achieved, and there is still room for housing development. The National Plan for the Development of the Population (2016-2030) sets the target for 2020 for the total population at 1.42 billion, with a 60% rate of urbanization for the resident population and 850 million for the urban population.
In 2017, the rate of urbanization was 58.52%, with 810 million inhabitants living in towns and cities, still some distance from the 2020 target.
World Bank statistics show that the rate of urbanization in Japan reached 75.7% in 1975, followed in 1976 by a precipitous drop in urbanization. In China, the rate of urbanization in 2017 was 58.52%, with an average annual increase of 2.27%, equivalent to 58.4% in 1955 and an annual increase of 1.81%.
In conjunction with the average annual rate of increase between the base year and the boundary level in China, it can be inferred that the average annual compound rate of increase in the level of urbanization is 1.64 per cent, and that 75 per cent of urbanization has reached the level of the divide.
For the base year, the rate of urbanization in the future and the total population is estimated at 1.64 per cent of the above-mentioned annual average, with a total population of 1.27 billion in 2000, a population of 1.39 billion in 2017 and an average annual population growth rate of 0.53 per cent, with a downward increase of 0.4 per cent, taking into account the decrease in the birth rate in the future.
In 2025, the population amounted to 1.44 billion, with 960 million people living in towns and 919 million in new towns and cities. 3) According to data from the Ministry of Housing and Construction, the per capita area of residence in our towns and cities was 36.6 square metres in 2016. According to the paper by Zhang Yangun, an expert from the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, " Per capita residence in 24 large and medium cities "
Estimates of housing space and housing price relative to foam, sampled by the Bureau of Statistics overestimated the real residential area per capita in large, densely populated cities, and the study showed that the estimated housing area per capita for 2005/2012 was about 63-68% of the disclosed value.
In 2016, 70% of the total figure was 25.6 m2 per capita, which we used as the first standard of living for the new urban population. In 2025, about 670 million m2 was needed for improved housing.
The demand is even higher, and the expansion of residential space will become a rigid demand, leading to a substantial improvement of housing. According to data from the National Statistical Office, the per capita housing area in our towns increased in 2012-2016, measuring the need for improved housing for the urban resident population in 2025.
In 2010, according to the sixth census, our housing stock was about 20 billion square metres, of which the share of pre-1990 dwellings was about 30 million square metres.
22%, over 50% of pre-2000 dwellings, and a significant proportion will face demolition and replacement in the future. The annual depreciation rate for housing based on 70 years of residential life is about 1.5%, and we estimate housing constructed before 2010 at 1.5%, assuming that future urban housing will remain demolished.
In the next 10 years, the construction of new buildings is still on the rise. 1) According to data on new construction of houses from 2012 to 2017, housing accounts for about 71 per cent of the total new construction of houses and 1,787 million square metres of the total construction of houses in 2017. 2) Based on previous estimates, I
By 2025, 71 per cent of the total housing needs were estimated to be approximately 1.46 billion square metres of new construction, 2,053 million square metres of new construction, with an annual compound growth rate of about 1.75 per cent, while the demand for housing construction was still on the rise.
2. Real estate: the marginal changes in the policy of beneficial enrichment by the strong, the two pillars that guarantee the stability of the real estate business, the strength of the real estate business, and the two pillars that guarantee the stability of the real estate business. 1) The profitability of the plate, the three major brands that build the Chinese Real Estate Real Estate Kingdom, is very high.
About 200 billion in sales, the seventh largest real estate company in the real estate sector. 2) The increase in concentration in the real estate sector has accelerated, and second-line cities have been targeted to ease acquisition opportunities.
Future sales performance is expected to improve. 3) The land reserve plus subsidiary’s top-level blood exchange guarantee operations have improved steadily. We believe that the company’s current land reserves can meet the steady expansion of the property plate, the build-up of the middle-Haitian chairman’s strategy, and the rapid pace of development of the property business.
2.1 Gross profits from real estate operations are outstanding and performance continues to improve to its current potential Māori accounts for the top of the core business, with a steady increase in the business share. 1) The level of profitability is high, 16% of the industry accounts for nearly half the Māori contribution. The company ' s revenue from real estate operations in 2017 was about $17.92 billion.
The gross profit from real estate operations is about $52.1 billion, with a 17 per cent revenue ratio and a 47.1 per cent contribution from Maori, which is at the end of the three core lines of business, while the contribution from Maori is at the top of the three lines of business, with a high level of 2015, which is an important support for corporate profitability.
1.0 pct, expected to continue to optimize the company’s future business structure, increase its support for real estate, and continue to increase its share of real estate operations.
The growth of the Division ' s real estate operations has continued unabated, with a trend of straight growth in contract sales and contract sales and continued positive performance.
On November 15, 2016, China-Haitian, China-Yongyang, China-Sea Property announced the resignation of President Hao Jianmin, who was elected Chairman of the Board of Directors of the company, ceo.
President and CEO of the company. After Yan's inauguration, adjustments were made in terms of business strategy, scope of operations, and mode of operation, with a view to achieving steady progress and breakthroughs.
Adjustment 1: Business strategy adjustment Progress: search for land expansion, ground style breakthrough Steady: continue to emphasize operational efficiency and maintain profit margins
Adjustment 2: scope of operations adjustment: increase in holdings of property steady: maintenance of housing development core status
Adjustment 3: Management model adjustment: change from vertical integration to flat-level management Business strategy: Qualitative increment and more radical style. 1) Steady: continued emphasis on operational efficiency.
A comparison of Haitian production with the profits of the top five producers in 2017, with a clear advantage for Central Haitian production in 2015/2016/2017, shows a determination to preserve the quality of Haitian production by stating that the size must be subordinated to the benefits of the country when it came to power.)
In 2016, China and China, apart from the land acquired by M&A, bought 18 plots of land, a smaller amount, only one in Hong Kong, and the rest in the second-line city.
In 2017, the company acquired 76 plots, 9 on the first line of cities, 60 on the second line of cities, 7 on the third line of cities, a significant increase in the amount, and a clear first-line plan. The land acquisition style was more radical, with a change to the previous robust cost-control model, which allowed the company to purchase land in Shanghai.
For example, in 2017, the company acquired four plots in Shanghai, three of which had the top three, with an average premium of 64.2 per cent, with the highest rate among local producers.
Keeping residential development at the heart of the company's business. At the mid-term performance conference in 2017, the Yan nation stated that 90% of the company's resources will continue to be invested in residential development business.
By the end of 2017, Haiti had 38 A-class writing buildings, 12 shopping malls, and 11 star hotels with a total of 3.66 million square metres of commercial property.
2% are engaged in new business such as old-age property, education industry, long-term rental apartments, with a target of HK$5 billion set for 2020, and the Chang State itself is in charge of the Ministry of Innovative Business Development. Management model: change to vertical integration to flat- level management.
For a vertical integrated management system, headquarters is responsible for obtaining land, financing, engineering, marketing, and, to a certain extent, regional autonomy and overall efficiency.
The marketing company, the Strategic Control Department, for the operation of the Department of Management and the piloting of the Project Manager System, has developed a digital platform to improve the overall efficiency of the company ' s operations. 2.3 The land reserves are sufficient to guarantee a smoother and faster development of future real estate operations.
Land reserves are highly marketable, and despite the State ' s overall strengthening of real estate controls in 2016 and 2017, companies have remained active, with an overall increase in land reserves and new land acquisitions.
In addition to new acquisitions, the company actively obtained land through other means, and in 2016 Haitians, affiliated to the company, obtained about 24 million land reserves through the acquisition of credit properties. In 2017, China built a land reserve of 8.94 million square metres, ranking 6th on the list of land reserves for listed housing companies.
Land reserves guarantee performance, enabling contract sales have increased. In 2016, under real estate market regulation, real estate contracts grew by only 7.5% compared to the previous year, companies expanded their land reserves, led to a year-on-year increase in contract sales and a year-on-year increase in contract sales in 2017.
With only 15,87 million square metres, there is much scope for future corporate contract sales. There is sufficient land reserves and steady growth over the next few years. The company currently has a land reserve of 8,947,000 square metres, and a contract area of 15,87 million square metres in 2017, which is currently available.
(a) The corporate infrastructure sector is a leading infrastructure finance developer in China, based on investment in construction and projects, technology, talent and management.
The company will be able to boost its capital performance in the future, as capital-based operations stabilize macro-risk increases, while deep-beneficiaries of urban/Yunyan construction, a “one-way” policy and the continuation of the ppp project.
3.1 Business expansion points, newly signed contracts/revenue festivals, structural transformations and capital improvements, which have led to a new high number of new contracts. 1) Corporate capital contracts have continued to grow in recent years, and their share in total contracts has increased year by year, indicating infrastructure development
Construction and investment is one of the major directions of the company ' s business expansion in recent years. 2) The company ' s annual 2016 report states that it is actively engaged in a transformation of its industrial structure, with a strong shift towards capital and a significant increase in new start-up projects.
This is significantly higher than in earlier years, and reflects the fact that companies are putting into practice the objective of industrial restructuring. 3) According to the company ' s annual report, new capital contracts in 2017 amounted to $73.6 billion, representing 33 per cent of the total, with both the absolute value and the share of contracts in recent years.
The increase in the number of new subscriptions has been accompanied by a year-on-year upward trend in the public sector ' s capital operations. The first breakthrough in capital operating revenue in 2014 reached $173.9 billion in 2016.
Compared to the 3.4 pct decline, or the rapid growth in the company ' s newly signed infrastructure operations during the same period, the significant increase in the number of new start-up projects has resulted in an increase in the cost of prior-period inputs.
Domestic investment in infrastructure has been growing at a high rate, which has facilitated the expansion of corporate operations. Since 2015, the country has steadily increased the completion of investment in solid assets, with investment in infrastructure around the country maintaining a high level of investment in infrastructure, which has allowed companies to expand their domestic operations.
There are clear signs that the country is taking advantage of the steady growth of its infrastructure, with infrastructure companies hedged against macro-risks. 1) In 2017, domestic gdp grew by 6.9 per cent at a much higher rate than expected, with improved consumption, investment and exports of the troika, recalling that capital formation has weakened the growth of gdp in recent years, but in 2009 - 2009
There are clear signs of steady growth in investment when export pulls in 2011 were negative. (2) On March 22, Trump signed a memorandum of understanding imposing a size tax of up to $50 billion on goods imported from China and restricting Chinese investment in the United States; on July 11, Trump announced its export to China to the United States.
200 billion dollars in additional tariffs on commodities, covering 6031 tariff targets, trade wars have escalated again, and macro-risks have widened further. 3) Looking back, there are clear signs of steady capital growth in our country.
if, the annual pull value of total capital formation to gdp is cf, the annual pull value of capital investment to gdp is ci, ci=cf* (triangleii/\triangleif).
4) The Political Bureau meeting held on April 23, 2018 suggested that “the idea of combining accelerated restructuring with sustained expansion of domestic demand to keep macroeconomics running smoothly” was first mentioned in the last two years. 5) Li Keqiang hosted the State Council's Standing Meeting on July 23rd.
Deployment of a better fiscal and financial policy role in support of the expansion of domestic demand-resilient structures for real economic development, “energizing society and promoting effective investment for stable growth”, and improvement in macrologic margins, which are seen as a positive development in the context of infrastructure.
Figure 32: In recent years, capital has become less dynamic for gdp growth, but there are clear signs of investment pull when export contributions are negative  The pull for gdp growth: net exports of goods and services
Push on gdp growth: gross capital formation  Push on gdp growth  Final consumption expenditure  Push on gdp growth: narrow capital construction
The spring winds of the construction of the urban complex have brought benefits from the depth of the building. 1) The national 13th Five-Year Plan has established 19 urban clusters, and in 2017 it proposed the construction of three world-class urban clusters: Kyuzin Wings, Long Triangles, and Pearl Triangles. 2) The Jingjin Framework for Coordinated Development Planning.
The development of urban clusters, such as the Project Plan and the Guidance for Deepening Regional Cooperation in the Python Triangle, are called for in the guidance document to speed up the development of regional infrastructure and improve the transhipment network.
Townization development is sufficient to guarantee 10% of the cagr in the capital. 4) In 2016, China’s Construction International Group Ltd. signed the $290 million Hong Kong Crossing-Infrastructure Project No. 2 (Southern) in Hong Kong, Hong Kong.
In recent years, the company, as the leader of the country’s construction industry, has seen an increase in the volume of newly signed roads, which is expected to benefit from the depth of the country’s urbanization boom.
In accordance with the spirit of the conference and the new district plan, it is expected that infrastructure inputs, including roads, railways, and polyclinics, will increase in 2018.
The planned development area is 100/200/2000 square kilometres. In May 2017, the Commission issued the “13th Five-Year Plan for the Construction of Municipal Infrastructures in Cities,” which calls for city roads to be connected to 8 km/km in density, and the rate of construction of new integrated road halls in new urban areas.
30%. According to the Yuan New Zone Development Plan, long-term roads can range up to 16,000 km and up to 4,800 km of the complex. 3) According to the estimated investment indicators for city hall construction (piloted), published by the Ministry of Urban Transport, Housing, municipal roads are estimated to cost about 700 million
In 2016, China ' s construction complex market was more than 40 per cent, with the corridor sector alone; and in 2017, the company won the title of the corridor.
3.3 Overseas: offshore orders perform well, benefiting from a strong demand along the "one-way" route, aggressive overseas strategy, high orders performance. 1) Companies actively deploy "greater overseas"
The strategy is to continue to strengthen the coordinated management of overseas operations and to establish an overseas market and project information reporting system. As of 2017, there were 1,287 offshore projects with a total value of $70.88 billion in business collections and a global spread of offshore projects. 3) The number of new contracts outside the company is increasing every year.
In 2017 there was a significant increase of 65.7 per cent in the same amount of new contracts outside the country, and the opening of offshore operations is well under way at the top of the “one-way” design, which continues to catalyze the company's growth in overseas operations. 1) In 2017, the XIX General placed the “one-way” in the party's charter, and the policy level was raised again. 2) The company attaches great importance to the firm's performance.
The real country's “one-way” development strategy, with a strong push for marketing, has entered 45 of the 65 priority countries along the “one-way” route, with new contracts in 2017 amounting to $54.7 billion. This represents a 125 per cent increase over the same period.) According to the ADB report, “one-way” runs along the sub-region.
The continental region, with US$ 26 trillion in capital needs for 2016-2030, as a well-known construction company in China, will benefit fully from the advantages of the “one-way” domestic policy drive, the 3.4-capital ppp field along the +, and the vanguard's ability to control it.
In 2017, the company signed nine major new ppp contracts, amounting to 57.9 billion yuan. By the end of 2017, the company was able to make a significant contribution to the development of infrastructure operations.
A cumulative total of 316 ppp items, with a total planned equity investment of about $49.96 billion, are expected to drive construction contracts of about $46.29 billion.
Development will be under pressure. According to our statistics, the vast majority of the ppp projects that have been cleared out are those in the reserve list (in the identification, preparatory stage), while the management bank projects (in the preparation, procurement, implementation phase) have been minimally affected.
The ppp library has 12394 projects, amounting to 16,93 trillion, 172 fewer than at the end of May, a reduction of $35.5 billion. The number and amount of deposits in the month of June have recovered, the size of the retreat has gradually declined, and the industry’s original sources continue. 3) The ppp standardization will raise the acceptance threshold.
Low-quality firms will be discouraged, leading to a higher concentration of leading firms, which, while reducing the “market size” of the ppp in aggregate, will significantly reduce the long-term risk of social capital and contribute to the long-term stability of leading firms.
In 2017, a new contract was signed for the construction of the company’s house, amounting to about $1.5 trillion, an increase of 13.6 per cent over the previous year, an increase of 5.4 pct over the same year, and a gradual warming of the order. Despite the structural restructuring of the company’s business, a slight decline in the housing construction ratio, it has advanced in the process of urbanization and housing.
Long-term development space is better under multiple drivers, such as upgrading housing demand, demolition of old homes, etc. In 2017, the construction of the building was a key driver for steady growth, and performance under multiple catalysts is expected to rise. Since 2016, the company has been actively engaged in industrial restructuring and has made a strong shift towards capital construction.
During the capital business window period, the city complex was built with a boom, a peak in the construction of the Yu-An-New Zone, a strong three-fold catalyst for demand along the overseas route, and the capital business has grown rapidly, with both the absolute and the share of new contracts in recent years. Taking into account the macro-risks associated with the current China-United States trade war, the country is using the infrastructure to stabilize itself.
The annual company land reserve of 8.94 million square metres is ranked 6th on the list of land reserves of listed housing companies. The reserve is sufficient to ensure steady growth over the next few years. In addition, the President of Haiti, a subsidiary of the real estate business, has changed his strategy to inject fresh blood into the real estate business, and the overall efficiency of the operation is expected to continue.
Building, capital, real estate troikas drive the company’s performance to re-innovate. Combined with the three main operations, the expansion of the capital business, the increase in sales costs, financial costs, losses in impairment of assets, and further diversification of the company’s business.
China’s overseas development (0688.hk) and China’s construction are the main sources of real estate operations. According to China’s China China Ocean Overseas Development Report 2017, the net profit return to the mother is $34.1 billion (converted at historical exchange rates), while China’s annual construction report 2017 discloses only $27.1 billion in net profit from China’s overseas development, with a large margin.
Mostly commercial properties developed overseas in China are measured by fair value, while Chinese buildings are measured by cost. We choose China’s net profits from overseas development as disclosed in the Chinese Annual Building Report. 2) China’s shareholding is now 56% of China’s share in the development of the China Sea, and China’s share in the development of China’s buildings in 2016/2017.
The net profit contribution was about 46 per cent; assuming a 25 per cent income tax rate on the middle estate, it was estimated that the middle estate contributed about 5 per cent to the net profit on the construction in the middle country; and assuming that the company ' s share of the net profit over the next three years was maintained at 53 per cent, the real estate contribution was attributed to the mother ' s net profit.
By 2018, six times the size of the property plate: we expect the property plate to return to its mother's net profit in 2018, which is 19.4 billion yuan. Considering the company's position in the real estate industry, the three properties listed above have been selected for China's average of 5.6 times the average per capita in 2018, according to pe estimates.
The value method gives the company a six-fold value of the 2018 pe property plate, corresponding to a market value of $11,6.7 billion. $17.2 billion. For the valuation of the company ' s building block, a comparison is made between the seven construction units listed above and the seven remaining buildings, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
China’s interest rate in construction is high, attracting capital inflows is expected to be valued. For the eight largest companies, China’s share in construction is relatively high, ranging from 2 to 3 per cent, and the company’s share rate has exceeded 4 per cent since July.
The company’s value in the traditional cash-flow model is equal to the future cash-flow discount, and we believe that the firm’s net cash-flow inflows are net profits during the full life cycle of the construction project.
Conservative circumstances that guarantee net profits over the next seven years, assuming a zero-speed increase in company orders in 2018-2020, and three years of additional orders guarantee net profits over the next seven years, and our characterization of firm ' s strong net profits over the next 14 years is discounted, with a reasonable market value expected to be $315.5 billion (space 32 per cent).
Taking, assuming year n pending order = year n new order signed - year n collection, we assume that the company ' s hand order represents the cumulative value of the order awaiting completion for each year since it was marketed, the company ' s house/capital construction in hand amounts to 4.6.16 trillion yuan, and the company ' s real estate sales unit cost of 14,000 yuan per square metre in 2017.
Land reserves amounting to $894.7 billion, under the most conservative assumption that the house price will not increase, the company will contribute $1.28 trillion to the future of the land, and the three business lines of the company housing/capital/property will carry forward revenues from the seven-year business years. We assume that the company will take on construction orders, capital orders, capital orders, etc. for the period 2018-2020.
This means that the company will be guaranteed the next seven years if the order of the company increases by zero over the next three years.
Further upgrades, sales below expectations, and impact on real estate and corporate overall performance below expectations.  The downside of macroeconomics and the risk of policy change: the current trade war between Central America and the United States increases uncertainty about the macro-environment, which would be public if financial regulations were tightened later, the monetary environment tightened, and pressure on property block financing increased.
The Department’s performance has been adversely affected by the fact that overseas operations are not as risky as expected: companies are actively expanding their operations along the road, and the current situation in Central America is tense, influenced by political, economic, cultural and large-country relations, and overseas operations are either lost or lost.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment