According to China's head, the transition has been upgraded to China's building (601668), which is reported in 2018.
The net profit is now $19.138 billion for the mother, an increase of 6.1 per cent for the year; the net profit from the deduction of the non-mortality is $18.858 billion, an increase of 6.5 per cent for the non-mortality ratio.
In 2015, based on its judgement on the external housing base market and its claims for self-reform, the company set a target of 5:3:2 housing base operations. The 30% capital growth rate remained essentially the same as in the previous year, with 21% of operations rising by 3 pcs compared to the previous year.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East has risen steadily and is expected to reach 10% by 2020. The company collected $38.9 billion, or 6.6%, in the reporting period.
2. The overall level of profitability has declined steadily, with cash flow in cash terms having increased by more or less operating cash flows operating robustly, and the overall profit level has decreased by a reduction in investment returns and a rise in tax rates. The Māori ratio for the reporting period was 10.70 per cent, with a larger increase in the pay-as-you-go ratio compared to Piti than in the cash-as-you-go ratio. There was a significant increase in cash inflows for financing purposes. The pay-as-you-go ratio for the reporting period was significantly higher.
The net gold current of 88.4 billion was significantly higher than the 2.9 billion in the same period last year, as a result of increased investment absorption, borrowing and bond issuance in the current period.
8.1%, judged to be the result of a series of negative effects of deleveraging deepening, with new construction contracts amounting to $8,708.8 billion and an increase of 5.8%, driving higher-end income growth than expected. According to the National Urbanized Development Plan, the urban population will be close to 1 billion in 2030, with a total demand for 80-90 billion square metres of housing, and the market space will remain large and competitive.
(b) Capital operations: successful construction of the ppp layout, which is expected to benefit from a return to the warmth of the market.
By the end of the reporting period, the total amount of construction contracts financed by the company ' s investment in construction had accumulated approximately $565 billion, of which the base facility-type contract was approximately $432.3 billion;
New orders dropped significantly in the first half of the year by only 3.3 per cent, and fell sharply from 13.9 per cent in 2017, owing to de-leveraging, ppp clearing, ahead-of-work progress in some areas and the impact of supply-side reforms. New orders signed by 2018h1 fell by 8.1 per cent compared to the previous two years.
However, the amount remains high, with a 2.8-fold increase in capital revenue for the due period. Since the political bureau meeting at 7.31 confirmed the shift in marginal easing policies, railway investment has returned, the approval and approval of the Commission has accelerated, the issuance of special debt has accelerated, work has resumed in the western provinces, the market has returned to full swing, and capital investment is expected to rise by 54 per cent in July.
By the end of 2017, some 40 corridor projects (37 ppps) had been acquired, with a total mileage of more than 1,000 kilometres.
The new regulations put pressure on a large number of ppp companies to invest in the capital of the project.
Increased financing, coupled with a ppp clearing bank, poses a challenge to enterprise project financing, and the company, as the leader of the ppp, has largely been paid out once for the Ppp project. The stock project does not constitute a new capital pressure.
5. Overseas operations: active expansion of overseas markets through the eastward winds, with a peak of performance in 2018-19, marked the top of seven building blocks, with significant strategic impact. New overseas orders in 2016/2017 accounted for the current overseas income ratio. Good contract-driven income continued to grow, with overseas income rising by 6.6 per cent on the same day over the reporting period, with 10 per cent of the 2020 target remaining.
The profit level of overseas operations remained high. The Māori rate for offshore operations was 13.8%, higher than the Māori rate of 10.3% for domestic operations during the reporting period, with an increase of 4.9 pcs. The reasons for the decision were three points: (1) that companies operated more overseas projects in the ppp/epc model, with relatively high profit levels; and (2) that they returned to the high-potential Māori market along the line, guided by policies along the way, with South-East Asia envious of 26.4% of the company ' s offshore projects in 2017.
17.3 pcs, corresponding to 18% plus 6.1 pcs in North Africa; (3) large projects and high-differentiation (super-high-level) driven, including $10 billion in Indonesia, with good performance returns. Future business prospects are expected to expand as the overseas business share rises, corporate lines are higher and larger, and income increases are faster, including installation, steel, municipalities, cross-links, bridges, etc.
7. Phase 3 of the SPI scheme is expected to be implemented and will continue to release performance dynamism.
The draft equity plan will be based on a test of equity incentives for directors, senior managers and the core technical and managerial cadres that have a direct impact on the overall performance and continued development of the company, in order to further improve the corporate corporate governance structure, improve the corporate incentive mechanism, and ensure the achievement of corporate development strategies and business objectives.
Over 660 million shares, with total shares awarded as a proportion of total corporate equity not exceeding 1.6 per cent. Corporate performance has remained robust during the reporting period, progress in restructuring operations has been largely in line with expectations, the overall level of profitability has declined steadily, the pay-as-you-go ratio has increased significantly, and the flow of operating cash has increased.
We believe that the company's fundamentals continue to be positive: the housing construction business continues to grow at a high level, driven by high-end marketing strategies that drive higher-than-expected income growth; the capital business contributes to a sustained high-income growth at the hands of projects; the new signing of a list shifts the benefits to the capital market in the second half of the year and is expected to grow gradually in q3. Some of the professional panels are gaining momentum and are expected to expand their contribution to the company's performance; and the third SIP is expected to be implemented and will continue to be released.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
In 2016, he invested in the Tianyang Real Estate industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.