Mid-Cryp International (981.hk/688981.ch): 2th quarter Māori performance supermarket expectations • maintenance of the mid-Cryp International “buy-in” rating: Middle-Cryp International maintained high expectations in 2nd quarter
Downstream demand is relatively strong, with industrial and automobile demand growing faster. We believe that China’s Crystal Circle is still the most important beneficiary of China’s industrial upgrading phase.
One. At present, the Central Harbour International Unit is still up at 14.0x in 2025, with two-quarter Maori overmarket expectations, and three-quarter depreciation pressure is expected to rise: in the second quarter of this year, the median core income was $2.21 billion, an increase of 16 per cent compared to the previous year, with a 2 per cent decline in the ring compared to the direction area.
• Investment risk: changes in global trade policy affect end demand and supply chain fluctuations.
RMB million in total market value Recovering demand (smart phones, new energy vehicles, industry, etc.) is slower and company fundamentals are on average at the end of March (RMB million)
The upswing is slower, affecting a rebound in valuations. The semiconductor crystal round workers are more productive and the company’s productivity is slower. Industry competition is higher, price pressures are higher, and profit performance is being delayed.
Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, Sfobinternational
Figure 9: Central Core International Ports Unitev/ebitda: current 14.0xvs. History average 10.4xvs. History average above standard deviation 15.1x Figure 11: Central Core International Unitev/ebitda: current 13.7xvs.
A historical average of 13.2 xvs. A standard deviation above the historical average of 17.5 x spdbi is optimistic and pessimistic scenario scenario (Middle Core International Ports Unit) Pessimistic scenario: corporate revenue growth is not as high as expected
• Adequate mobility and price stability in semiconductor cycles: • Inadequate mobility and lower prices in semiconductor cycles; and • continued full capacity utilization to support stability in Maori rates;
• Reduced capacity utilization and pressure on Māori: The demand for downstream domestic production, such as industry, automobiles, consumption, etc., is strong: The demand for downstream production, such as industry, automobiles, consumption, etc., is weak;
• Capital expenditure grew steadily, depreciated, operated, and research and development costs were manageable. • Capital expenditure grew faster, depreciation, operation, and research and development costs increased significantly.
Promising and pessimistic scenario scenario (mid-core internationala) Pessimistic scenario: corporate revenue growth is not as high as expected
(b) Inadequate mobility and lower prices during the semiconductor cycle;
• Lower capacity utilization and pressure on Māori;
• Capital expenditure grew steadily, depreciated, operated, and research and development costs were manageable. • Capital expenditure grew faster, depreciation, operation, and research and development costs increased significantly.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
The collection of all information is considered to be unauthorized. No one may use any information in this report for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as a reference to the purchase or sale of information.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as a professional opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not base any decision or action on investment, withdrawal, or other financial aspects solely on the information contained in this report. In addition to the historical data presentation, the report may contain forward-looking statements that involve a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sang’s international securities.