The process-upgrading capacity expands, and the crystal circle leads further, the center core international (688981.sh) depth reports, the process-upgrading capacity expands and the crystal-round leads expands.
Mid-Cryp International (688981.sh) is the world's leading crystal-crystal factory leader. China-Cryp International is the most advanced and large-scale technology in mainland China.
Large crystal-crystal-based leading firms, after three stages of initial creation, strategic adjustment, and technological catch-up, have grown into the three largest integrated circuit manufacturing firms in the global market. Companies have built deep patent walls with technological breakthroughs at advanced nodes like 14 nm finfet and n+1.
In 2024, despite the pressure of US equipment restrictions and increased competition in the industry, 57,796 million dollars were collected, +27.7% of the year, affected by depreciation, net profits are equal to the national production replacement trend of car-electronics, and it is hoped that in the future it will strengthen its leadership in industrial recovery and energy release.
: a recovery in the semiconductor sector and a clear trend towards a replacement of the crystal circle for industrial production. Global semiconductor movement recovery was evident, with market size reaching $346 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 18.9% compared to the previous year.
Prince Road and terminal applications are demand-driven. The crystal-round industrial chain core, with a “super-strong” board, power-driven market, and a 6% share of the world’s middle core. Industry capital and technology are in third place.
Technical barriers are extremely high, equipment investment accounts for 70-80% of the total cost of a crystal circle plant, and customer certification cycle is long, conversion □ wangzilu_yj@chinastock.com.cn costs are high.
In 2025, the size of the local market is expected to reach $102.6 billion, with China-Cholel International, as a leading domestic surrogate, playing a key role in mature, extended production and home-grown supply chains. Companies continue to upgrade core competitiveness through a two-track approach of “procedure upgrading and capacity expansion.”
On the one hand, China-Crystal International developed a deep-farming process to achieve 8 inches of production capacity of 450,000 and 12 inches per month of production capacity of 250,000 and continued to consolidate market advantages in areas such as automobile electronics and access to goods; on the other hand, active research and development of advanced production of 14 nmfinfet to support capacity-building in 2024.
Capital spending amounted to $7.33 billion, focusing on 12 inches of mill expansion in Shanghai, Beijing, Shenzhen, and Tianjin, and some of the new production lines will be in operation from 2025. Despite the short-term pressures of expansion, corporate efficiency and profitability are expected to improve as productive capacity is released and improved.
Catalog I, the world's leading crystal-round factory leader, (i) has been able to refine and create a global crystal-round factory leader.
Smic is one of the world’s leading integrated circuit crystallizers and a leading manufacturer of integrated circuits in mainland China. The company’s history is roughly divided into three periods in terms of company history: the start-up period (2000-2004); the company was registered in the Cayman Islands on 3 April 2000 by Dr. Zhang Yujing.
In the early stages of development, Dr. Zhang, with his personal industry influence, brought to the company an initial technical team, key equipment, and early technology, the company’s earliest focus on the pure crystal dry-round model.
Rapid construction of 8 inches and 12 inches of crystal mills in Shanghai, Beijing, Tianjin, etc., and company listing in Hong Kong in 2004 at the joint exchange of loco and the New York Stock Exchange, with annual profits for the first time in the same year. Strategic adjustment period (2005-2012): company entering 2005 with challenges from industry giants and an internal management test
It involved multiple rounds of litigation over patents and business secrets and power generation, which eventually led to a settlement between the parties in 2009, but the company had to pay $200 million in damages and give 8% of the shares to the station, which resulted in the departure of the founder, Zhang Yujing. These lawsuits and compensations cost the company a lot of money and distracted management.
In October 2017, Liang Mengsong joined China Harbour International, which greatly accelerated its advanced process of technological development. On the technology path, the company adopted a "jump-up" strategy.
From 28nm to 14nm. In 2019, the CKI successfully produced the 14 nmfinfet process, making it one of the few crystal-crystal plants in the world that have mastered it. In July 2020, CKI went to the market, raising some $23.4 billion, mainly for 12 inches of crystal-crystal and advanced process research and development.
Research, development, and access to equipment have been severely constrained, with companies building new 12-inch crystalline production lines in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Tianjin, etc. To date, the share of China-Cholestery International in the global crystal circle market has risen to 6%, surpassing Ge-Cro and the U.S. Electronics for the first time, third in the world.
As of June 2025, China Hari International had made a great deal of progress in patenting, and companies had accumulated 14,215 patents, of which 12,342 were inventions, in addition to 94 integrated (ii) with no real control, and the executive team had many years of industrial experience.
The company has no real control over people, the equity structure, and a combination of national strategic support and market-based diversified holdings. The center-hut international equity is relatively concentrated, with the Tang Holdings (Hong Kong) Investments Ltd. holding 14.09% of the shares, the long-term strategy of state-owned capital shareholders holding shares, and the provision of sustained high-intensity R & D and capacity expansion for companies in capital-intensive, technology-intensive semiconductor industries.
Stable support reflects the country’s determination to promote the autonomous control of the integrated circuit industry.
49% of the shares. When the deal is completed, the share of the center core to the north of the center core will be raised from 51% to 100%, and the profits of the middle core north will be all in the future.
Director Dr. Liu Tsingfeng has over 30 years of experience in managing large industrial groups. Joint Chief Executive Officer Dr. Zhao Hae has over 30 years of experience in semiconductor operations and technology research and development, and he has successfully led China Harbour for many years.
Another co-Executive Director, Dr. Liang Meng Song, is the semiconductor industry ' s technology fighter, with more than 35 years of experience, more than 450 patents and more than 350 technical papers, and his participation has greatly accelerated the company ' s research and development breakthrough in the field of advanced programming.
Management and capital market financing experience. This core team of technocrats, managerial elites and finance experts, not only has excellent operational and innovative capabilities, is better able to respond effectively to geopolitical challenges, and promotes a key role for China’s semiconductor industry in the autonomous and manageable process of China.
(iii) Good financial performance, combined with a recovery in industry and a replacement of national production Good financial performance, robust income growth, short-term profit pressure. In the long run, firm growth in corporate revenue has been achieved.
Eight hundred and twenty-one thousand, mainly due to the recovery of the global semiconductor sector and the trend of national production substitution, have raised the share of China’s revenues to 84.6%, driven by demand in areas such as the consumption of electronics and smart phones. But corporate profits have declined from a high of $14,654 million in 2022 to higher levels, with industry’s mature production processes becoming competitive and price-war pressures emerging.
On the other hand, China’s mainland and Hong Kong’s regional operations account for the largest share of business activity. China’s earnings have shown 9.3% in recent years, mainly because of higher depreciation costs and downward pressure on product prices due to the company’s accelerated expansion of production capacity.
Increased, but price factors continue to have a significant impact on profitability. The semiconductor sector has recovered, and there has been a clear trend towards substitution of national production in the crystal circle. (i) The semiconductor sector has recovered, and the crystal round has seen a reverse growth in industrial activity.
Global semiconductor sector recovery is clear. The global semiconductor industry showed a clear recovery in 2025, ending a cyclical downturn in the first two years. According to the World Semiconductor Trade Statistics Organization (wsts), the global semiconductor market reached $346 billion in January-June 2025, an increase of 18.9% compared to the first quarter of the year, of which the market was about $167 billion.
The value added of the electronic information manufacturing industry, larger than ours, grew by 11.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, higher than the rate of growth in industry and high-technology manufacturing during the same period: 23,95 billion pieces of integrated circuit production, 8.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and 16,7.8 billion export integrated circuits, with a year-on-year increase.
Photocalculators, etching machines, ion infusors, middle-stream crystal circle manufacturing, covering cleaning, light etching, etching, ion injection, etc., and downstream, extending to containment tests and end-use applications such as consumer electronics, auto electrons, industrial controls, etc. The global crystal circle industry has a “super-high” pattern, with power on the station dominated the market with more than 60% of it, with three stars, center core, etc.
China Harbour International is China’s largest and most technologically advanced integrated circuit-crystal-crystal generation, with a global market share of about 6% and the third largest in the world. Its process technology covers between 0.35 microns and 14 nanometers, has significant productivity advantages in mature processes (e.g. 28nm) and actively expands 12-inch crystal circle.
Disaggregated markets such as car electronics, industrial controls, etc. support home-grown demand, but advanced processes (e.g., 7nm and below) still face external technology in figure 10: semiconductor industry chain maps, manufacturing plate bottom ups, surrogate industry is in the midst of a new growth cycle.
The price of the center core International Crystal Circle (equivalent to 8 inches) has continued to fall from 23 q2 to 24 q2 with a cumulative drop of 23 per cent and a subsequent rebound; the China Rainbow Company prices have fallen since 23 q1 with a cumulative decline of 35 per cent; the industry has moved out of the adjustment period; the center core International is expected to grow faster than the industry average by 25 years, and China Rainbow is expected to recover.asp
(ii) The crystal circle industry has a high entry threshold, with a relative concentration of industries Rapid technological upgrading, large investment, long R & D cycle, capital, talent and technology intensive.
The demand for fixed-asset investments is high, and equipment acquisition costs are high. As the variety of substitute products continues to grow, process nodes develop, and crystal-round firms need long-term R & D inputs to achieve technological breakthroughs.
In terms of construction costs, the cost of equipment in a crystal-crystal plant amounts to 70-80%. Light engraved machines account for about 30% of equipment expenditure, or 20% of the total cost of a new crystal-crystal plant, while corrosion equipment accounts for about 20-25%, and membrane equipment accounts for about 15-17%, which together account for about 53-63%, and invests in the main equipment in the forward process.
With a 30% increase in the cost of a crystal-crystal factory, bcg expects to have a total 10-year ownership cost of $35 billion to $43 billion in 2026, 33% to 66% higher than today’s cost. Given the ranking of the producers of various crystal-crystal-generation plants in the second quarter of this year, the volume of the crystal-crystal round is due to the low availability of smart phones.
The fall in the season was partly offset by a robust aihpc demand and a tight tariff hedge for television, which allowed its harvest to remain the world’s largest in terms of 67.6% of the city, despite a 5% to $25.517 billion drop in the ring. The industry’s leader in power generation was further consolidated, with an increase of 18.5%, to $30.24 billion in the season, in terms of producer performance.
In the United States dollar, the city’s share is 70.2% at an all-time high. This is mainly due to the fact that its major mobile phone customers have entered the new machine readiness phase to start releasing their cargo, along with the aigpu, pen/pc new platform. Samsung collects $3.16 billion (9.2% quarterly growth) and the city’s 7.3% second largest. Smic, although the harvest has dropped to $2.21 billion (season decline), has dropped to $2.21 billion.
1.7%, but it remains the third place in the world, with some of the pressure coming from the delay of the crystal circle and the average sales price (asp), while the partnership between chip designers and the crystal circle factory is indeed very strong, the long certification cycle and high conversion costs have become significant market barriers. For example, chip manufacturers have entered the vehicle sector and moved into the supply chain of the level 1 (tier1) car power plant.
There is often a need to meet a number of standards for certification, first of all, the reliability standards of aec-q100(ic), aec-q101 (disconnected components), aec-q200 (passive parts) introduced by the North American automobile industry. These standards are specific to the reliability and stability of electronic components of cars.
Combining the Iso/ts 16949 standard, which is a zero-defection supply chain quality management standard. Many certifications require multiple certification qualifications to complete the certification process.
(iii) China’s continental crystal circle, which started late, was replaced by national production, which, in the overall market space, will generate $165 billion in net semiconductor replacements in 2025, an increase of 17 per cent over the same period. According to the counterpointrearch data, global net semiconductor crystal round industry revenues will grow in 2025 on a year-on-year basis.
17%, more than $165 billion, up from $105 billion in 2021 and 12% compound annual growth rate between 2021 and 2025. Advanced 3nm and 5/4nm nodes play a key role in driving semiconductor income growth. While welcoming, they are expected to generate more than $40 billion, driven by positive node migration.
The entry node will contribute more than half of the total income of a pure crystal circle plant in 2025. This surge highlights the industry’s interest in cutting-edge technology to support the technological migration of high-end/flag-ai smartphones, the emergence of npu-driven aipc solutions, and the growing demand for aaisic, gpu and high-performance (hpc) solutions.
Figure 16: Space and growth in the global crystal round industrial market, China’s continental crystal round industrial sector, which started late, but with the support of national policies, and with the development of the domestic economy and the growth of science and technology and the expansion of the market for end-use applications, the domestic chip design firm’s demand for crystal round industrial services is increasing.
According to the China Institute of Business and Industry, China’s continental crystal round labour market was about 85.2 billion yuan in 2023, an increase of 10.51% over the previous year. In 2024, China’s continental crystal round market would reach 93.3 billion yuan, and 102.6 billion yuan in 2025.
The rapid growth in the market sales of ChinaChu International and the China Rainbow Group has led to an increase in the share of mainland China in the global crystal circle manufacturing market, which in 2021 accounted for 8.5 per cent of the total market in China and 8.7 per cent in 2023, owing to China’s lack of market share in high-end manufacturing, China is expected to outpace Taiwan by 2030.
With the rapid expansion of indigenous capacity, the rise of mainland China in 2024, where 21 per cent of global capacity was reported, underscores the shift in industrial discourse in fragmented and strategic chip-making patterns, with mainland China expected to surpass Taiwan in 2030 as the world ' s largest semiconductor crystal-crystal generation centre, which is expected to account for 30 per cent of total global installed capacity.
The mainland is ranked second on 21% of global surrogate capacity, after Taiwan, China (23%). South Korea ranks third on 19%, followed by Japan (13%), the United States (10%) and Europe (8%).
I don't know what to do.
In the context of sanctions and tariffs, there is a scarcity of China-Cholel International as the most advanced plant. According to the United States Department of Commerce (bis) official website, the latest export restrictions introduced the concept of “performance density” to refine chip export regulations with double standards.
As of September 2025, the number of Chinese institutions, enterprises and individuals subject to the relevant restrictions had risen to over 1,000. Of these, artificial intelligence, extrapolation and quantum computing have become “heavily affected areas” for sanctions, with the number of entities registered in the country's ai field and in the downstream sector reaching more than 460, or more than 40 per cent.
At the same time, with the rapid growth of the i-industry, there are fewer and fewer advanced production capacities and players. According to yole data, the number of players working on advanced production has fallen from 26 to 3 since the 21st century. In just 20 years, the number of advanced process players has decreased by almost 90%. As a few of the country ' s proxies with advanced production processes, Cyce International is scarce in the context of the replacement of national production.
In terms of 300 mm crystal equivalents, China’s quarterly production capacity is expected to exceed 40 million units, maintaining the highest global growth rate. Against a background of uncertainty about global trade, China’s semiconductor industry is increasingly demanding self-controllable, and enterprises are actively promoting core technological breakthroughs to reduce external dependence.
Figure 22: The layout of the crystal circle plant in mainland China III. Process upgrades and expansions parallel to (i) continuous pursuit of process processes and enhancement of their competitiveness
The Chinese semiconductor industry has made a remarkable breakthrough in its pursuit and practical strategy from catching up to running. The company has produced 28 nm in 2015 and 14 nmfinfet in 2019. In the face of external technological constraints, China has adopted a “double catch-up” strategy: one is sustained.
Expanding mature process capacity, with a monthly capacity of 99.13 million 8-inch equivalent crystallizations, has consolidated the advantages of 28 nm and above in areas such as motor power generation, material networking, and, on the other hand, actively pursuing advanced process autonomy research and development in an effort to reduce international deficits. Corporate revenue grew by 23.1 per cent in the first half of the year, showing strong momentum.
Building on the company's experience in producing a number of technology platforms, such as logical circuits, power/simulation, high volatilization drives, embedded non-volatile storage, research and development centres are constantly strengthening process research and development innovations and platform building, guided by customer demand. By 2024, several key technology platforms had successfully completed their development and moved to bulk production phase, with major packages.
Includes 28 nanometre ultra low leaking power platforms, 55 nanohigh voltage displaying second-generation process platforms, 65 nanoradio frequency insulation silicon (rf-soi) process platforms and 90 nanobcd process platforms. (ii) Capital expenditure continues to increase and capacity expands.
Capital spending has increased, increasing plant maturity. In recent years, China-Key has maintained high capital spending, reaching $7.33 billion in 2024, with the same level planned for 2025. The main objective is to rapidly expand mature production capacity to capture national production opportunities and address potential external supply chain risks, despite short-term depreciation pressures.
China Point International provides 8 inches and 12 inches of crystal round manufacturing and technology services to global clients, with its headquarters in Shanghai, and its many 8 inches and 12 inches of crystalry mills in Shanghai, Beijing, Tianjin, Shenzhen. The company’s crystal mills are concentrated in China.
The mainland region. In 2024, it had a total production capacity of 450,000 and a 12-inch yield of 250,000. At present, it has three 8-inch crystal mills and four 12-inch crystal mills in Shanghai, Beijing, Tianjin, and Shenzhen, each with a 12-inch crystal mill in progress.
Figure 25: Location of the central core ICD plant
Given that the company produces more than 8 million pieces a year, 12 inches of capacity continue to expand (an annual average of about 50,000), while measures such as optimization, improvement of product structure and mitigation efficiency, and profitability will increase steadily. We predict companies 1, integrated circuit crystallization: based on global semiconductor recovery and future capital spending, we predict 2025-
The company is a leading manufacturer in semiconductor manufacturing, while the crystal circle is a capital- and technology-intensive industry, with the center core maintaining high capital spending to expand production capacity and R & D technology, which carries enormous depreciation pressure, severe short-term squeezes, net profit performance, so that the pe valuation is lost, and pb is more reflective of its real asset value and the results of long-term investment.
In the year 2025-2027, given the lower expenditure on equipment inputs, the lower depreciation pressure and the absence of scarcity, and the fact that China-Cholel is a proxy for a very small number of advanced production processes in the country, which are required to drive advanced production processes in the country.
At the same time, the company is the absolute and manageable backbone of the semiconductor on mainland China, and its strategic value is more scarce than that of other purely commercial sub-plants. Compared to the power build-up of the international giants, China-King is technologically a catch-up, but its growth and unique position in the Chinese market underpins its higher valuation.
elasticity, given that power generation in the United States is 9.47 pb (up to 2025/9/26) and that companies, as countries that are investing heavily in capital (iii) absolute valuations, we use the two-stage fcfc method for absolute valuations and for sensitivity analysis of the two parameters of sustainable growth rates and discount rates.
With a reasonable value range of $158.16-163.84 per company share, the market value of the company ' s sharea share is, in our view, the company, as the country ' s most technologically advanced and large-scale crystal-rounding enterprise, has demonstrated a significant technological and capacity advantage, based on its capacity to produce in terms of volume and continuous expansion of advanced processes such as 14 nmfinfet.
As a technology-intensive industry, crystal-crystal workers will need to continue to invest huge amounts of money.
At the same time, there is a shortage of and competition for technical skills in the industry, which will have a direct impact on progress in process development and long-term competitiveness.
The decline to 18.59% is due mainly to the high depreciation amortization costs associated with large capital expenditures and the intense “price wars” in mature areas. Moreover, the decline in the turnover of receivables has made cash flow management more difficult.
Sub-prime equipment, raw materials and software support are subject to licensing restrictions and potential disruption risks. This exposes China-King International to continued pressure to maintain global supply chain stability, expand overseas markets and respond to international compliance requirements, and any friction escalation may adversely affect its R & D and production activities.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Prince Road: Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom, and Bachelor of Arts in Economics, University of Shandong. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2020, mainly in the science and technology industry.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact with the sales department or customer manager of the Galaxy securities agency, complete an investor-appropriate matching and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All the elements contained in this report are provided to the customer for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to the customer, and are not intended to be a sale, offer securities or other financial worker.
Fair, but it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.