China's Jing Dynasty Industrial Leader, the core pillar of the national chip, Chen Hae-jin
• China’s Crystal Circle Generation Industrial Leader, the core pillar of the national production chip. China Harbour International is the leading integrated circuit crystal circle in mainland China, with 8/12 inches of manufacturing power and technical overlaps, and a company’s crystal circle covers between 0.35 micrometres and 14 nm and below, with companies in Shanghai and Shanghai throughout 2024.
In Beijing, Tianjin and Shenzhen, the production base of several 8 inches and 12 inches together produced more than 8 million crystal rings (8 inches). In mid-2024, Kerosel International's share of the global market rose to 6 per cent, ranked third in the world and first in the country. In 2024, the company collected 57.796 billion yuan.
In 2024, the global semiconductor industry returned to its current state, driven by the warming of demand, i.e., the surge in state refills, with a global semiconductor sales of 2025m5 of $58.98 billion, an increase of 27 per cent over the same period, and Chinese semiconductor sales of $17.08 billion.
With a 21% increase, the crystal circle industry is closely linked to the semiconductor industry and is expected to benefit from the new cycle of increased capital spending on the current round. The 24q4 global crystal round industry has a high concentration of more than 90% cr5, creating oligopolistic patterns, with 24q4 power-market coverage.
In recent years, China’s continental crystal-crystal mills, such as China Harbour International, have accelerated technological breakthroughs and output expansion, capital spending has continued to increase, and autonomous and controlled space is expected to open further.
▪ The company continues to have high investment and capital spending of about $54.347 billion in 2025. The center core international process is close to 7 nm level and is widely applied in the fields of ai, object networking. The company focuses on maturity development and promotes the production of platforms such as 28 nm, 55 nm, etc. to meet the needs of diverse scenarios.
With 3 8 inches and 7 12 inches, with a capacity utilization rate of 85.6% in 2024, the company will continue to maintain an expansion rate of 50,000 12 inches per year. In terms of capital spending, it will reach 2024, strengthening the capacity of the one-stop integrated circuit solution.
A total of 2.9/2.7/2.6. Given that the company is the country ' s first crystal-crystal generation plant and has taken the lead in achieving production at nodes below 28 nm and increasing production of advanced process capacity below 14 nm, the company is in the lead and scarce in advanced processes up to 7 nm.
In the future, the industry’s top-level effects will become more apparent in the interest of increasing demand for high-end chips, the company’s ability to produce in advanced processes and process development. For the first time, the world’s leading crystal-crystal industries will be given the right to produce advanced levels.
China Harbour International Integrated Circuit Manufacturing (Shanghai) Ltd. was established in the Cayman Islands on 3 April 2000 and was listed on the board in 2020. China Harbour International is one of the world’s leading integrated circuit crystal-crys generation firms, and is a leader in the manufacturing of integrated circuits in mainland China.
On April 3, 2000, China Harbour International began construction in Shanghai, and became the first integrated electric power node to provide 0.18 m2 of technology in mainland China.
In 2001, the company completed the construction of an 8-inch production base in Shanghai. In 2002, China-Key International now had a full technical certification and volume of 0.18 micrometres. In 2003, China-Cry acquired the Tianjin Motorola Crystal Mill and became a central core-based firm, with a complete technical certification and volume of 0.35-0.13 inches.
For the first time, a profit was made and was marketed at Hong Kong’s joint office in New York. Since 2004, the company’s Beijing 12-inch production base has gradually become operational, marking the company’s 8-inch and 12-inch integrated circuit crystal-crys generation.
In 2015, China-Key International became the first firm in mainland China to produce 28 nanometers, moving into a period of rapid development after the strategic accumulation period. In 2019, China-Key-International Year, its market share in the world rose to 6%.
The group is also working on building a platform-based eco-service model that provides a one-stop service with ip support, photo masking, etc., and promotes upstream and downstream synergies in the integrated circuit industry chain with partners in the industrial chain.
1.1. Equity structure: the maximum shareholding ratio does not exceed 15 per cent, executives have extensive experience in the relevant fields The company does not have a real controlling person and the largest shareholder shareholding ratio does not exceed 15 per cent.
The majority of shareholders are Da Tang Holdings (Hong Kong) Investments Ltd., holding 13.99 per cent of the shares, while Da Tang Holdings is owned by Shinko-China, which, together with 0.91 per cent of the shares held directly by Shinko-China, holds a total of 14.9 per cent of the shares of the company.
Figure 2: Corporate equity structure (up to 25h1) hkscc ees
Shanghai Set Siltech as a circuit
semico-nductor
Financial performance of the new centre: The semiconductor sector is recovering, and business income is expected to recover gradually; performance is expected to improve gradually as a result of the semiconductor industry cycle.
Jaeger. A slight decline in business earnings in 2023, resulting in a 45.250 billion yuan in revenue, a 8.6 per cent decrease in the same year; net repatriation, followed by a two-year global chip shortage and overheating industry, the semiconductor sector has experienced deep revisions and competition in market demand caused by high stocks, low macroeconomics, and growing geopolitics, which are still ongoing in the industry.
In the first u of the "double-u" case, the market stock as a whole slowed down in the second half of last year, and hot spots were seen in the high-end product area, but there was still no major turnaround in the areas of middle-core-related mobile phones and consumer electronics. Beyond this, the group was in high input periods, with higher depreciation than in 2022.
Financial performance. Business income of $57.796 billion was realized in 2024, an increase of 27.72 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the increase in sales of the current crystal round and changes in product structure. The volume of sales crystal round (8 inches of crystal equivalent) fell short of the production capacity of the previous year ' s 586.7 inch node, prices were good and new expansions were fully utilized and generated revenue, which boosted output.
China’s mainland and Hong Kong will continue to grow at the top of their main business. According to the collection structure, the integrated circuit crystal round manufacture surrogates account for a significant proportion of the company’s total revenue, which is almost 90%, and will continue to grow.
Subregionally, mainland China and Hong Kong accounted for the highest and growing share of the principal business income, reaching 84.6 per cent in 2024. The trend in semiconductors’ territorialization has been clear over the years. The semiconductor sector’s localization has been driven mainly by the scalability of local market demand and the resilience of local economic development.
At this stage, as one of the largest semiconductor consumer markets in the world, the country’s integrated circuit industry is still somewhat dependent on imports, and the size of the existing integrated circuit industry in the country, the size of the crystal-round industrial capacity, and the technological capability of the process are still not matched with actual market demand. As a new round of science, technology and innovation drives the country’s industrial chain, there is much room for growth.
In the recovery, companies have also accelerated the pace of expansion of their production capacity, with domestic customers making a rapid upturn in their new products, driving up their capacity utilization. Figure 7: Net corporate interest rates, Māori rates (%). Companies have maintained high R & D inputs in recent years. Companies have complete and efficient innovation mechanisms and improved R & D flows.
The process management system and the professional research and development team promote the development of application platforms, further strengthen the technological base, and build technological barriers. Over the years, corporate R & D inputs have remained stable. In terms of R & D inputs, companies have invested 153.2 billion yuan in R & D over the last three years, of which 5,447 million yuan in 2024.
The high stock levels in the semiconductor sector continued in 2024, with company stocks amounting to $21,267 million, an increase of 9.8 per cent over the same period. The growth in the stock of companies was mainly in the form of production reserves, the stock of design companies was largely restored to healthy water levels in 2024, the companies benefited from the development of the ai industry and from national consumption stimulus policies, and incomes increased to varying degrees in downstream applications.
In 2025, in addition to continuing high growth in the area of artificial intelligence, demand will grow evenly or mildly in other areas, as well as the willingness of corporate customers to replenish their stocks, consumption, interconnection, mobile phones, etc., and emergency cases, driven by the dividends of national consumption policy. At the same time, external environmental uncertainty has increased, peer competition has intensified, and firms will continue to boost production.
Energy-building and free cash flows are in a negative state. The company is currently in a critical period of capacity-building and increasing market ownership, which requires significant capital spending, both in terms of capacity-building and R & D activities.
The current free cash flow, the difference between operating cash flows and capital expenditure, is negative. In 2025q1, cash purchased goods, received payments for services, tax returns declined, and demand for sales of goods, provision of services, 2. semiconductors rebounded, with a clear trend towards substitution of national production from crystal-manufacturing.
2.1. The semiconductor industry is recovering, the crystal circle is regressive, the manufacturing industry is the platform and core of the integrated circuit industry as a whole, and the semiconductor industry is highly concentrated.
After more than 30 years of development and technological evolution, the crystal circle market has become an indispensable central part of the integrated circuit industry chain. The crystalwork industry provides manufacturing services to chip-design companies, while producing crystals.
The circle becomes a semiconductor chip that can eventually be sold through a containment test. The crystal circle manufacture is also an upstream equipment, material, eda/ip demand side and test side. As the semiconductor technical barriers rise, the crystal circle model gradually replaces the Idm model, which is designed from vertical integration to design and create a professional division of labour.
The industrial concentration of the integrated circuit manufacturing industry as a whole is high, with several enterprises, such as power generation, three stars, grid cores, combined electricity, middle core international, and China Rainbow, already occupying the vast majority of the market, owing to the large amount of input from the integrated circuit manufacturing industry, the long life cycle of the production uphills, and the high demand for technology.
Figure 13: The semiconductor industry chain map The semiconductor industry is gradually recovering, and the sales of the global and Chinese semiconductors increased by the same amount in May. Since then, multiple data have shown that the global semiconductor has increased with the end of cyclical markets and the growth of demand for semiconductors.
Since 2024, end-shops and supply chain firms have been actively pushing for inventory degradation, adding ani-driven industrial innovation and chip demand, and turning on mobile phones and pcs.
According to the American Semiconductor Industry Association (sia), global semiconductor sales in 2024 amounted to $61. Global semiconductor sales of 2025m5 amounted to $58.98 billion, an increase of 27% over the same year, and Chinese semiconductor sales amounted to $17.8 billion, an increase of 21% over the same year.
In the semiconductor cycle, with the rapid growth of human and industrial intelligence, arithmetic and high-performance storage chips have become key nodes in the industrial chain, driving the rapid growth of the integrated circuit industry. Sia predicts that the global semiconductor market will be larger than $1 trillion in 2030, and the largest.
The big market will be computing and data storage, which will include high-endai servers. Moreover, the ai chip is one of the core components of the ai server, and the rapid development of the ai technology and its growing applications have led to good prospects for a data centre market. The data centre market is expected to grow steadily with the release of Chatgpt in 2022.
One element: network infrastructure, servers, and storage. sia expects that between 2023 and 2029, the servers and storage will double, respectively. As a result, servers, including high-endai servers, will have the largest share of the global market and the data centre market will expand.
The annual Global Crystal Production Forecasts report indicates that semiconductor capacity is expected to accelerate further, with an annual growth rate of 6.6 per cent in 2025, reaching 33.6 million crystals per month. This expansion of capacity benefits mainly from the front-end logic technology in high-efficiency (hpc) applications and the continued increase in the permeability of the generator ai in peripheral equipment.
(llm) Growing demand for computing, the semiconductor industry is now stepping up its efforts to build up advanced computing capabilities. In 2025, the mill was actively expanding its advanced process capacity (7 nanometers and below) at an annual rate of 16 per cent, increasing its capacity by 300,000 units per month, or 2.2 million units. In 2025, the semiconductor industry will open 18 new crystals, including 3 8 inches and 15 inches.
A 12-inch crystal circle plant, most of which is expected to be operational from 2026 to 2027. The crystal circle manufacturing process is technologically upgraded, with mature and advanced process-taking structures maintaining long-term stability.
Advanced processes are required, but in the areas of networking, smart homes, automobiles, telecommunications, medical care, smart traffic, air travel, etc., the production of mature process chips is largely dependent on mature processors. According to Trendforce, the proportion of production capacity in the global crystal round market matures (28 nm and above) and advanced process (16 nm and below) is approximated between 2023 and 2027.
It is maintained at 7:3. Driven by market demand, mature crystal-round plants can rely on capacity adjustment and expansion, particularly in East Asia, where demand is growing fastest. After more than a year of stock regulation, the semiconductor industry has been able to boost applications around the world as a result of an ongoing offensive by the ai.
Industry has come back, and despite the fact that advanced process competition remains intense, it can be observed that mature crystal-crystal-round workers have performed poorly. 2.2. The trend towards industrial regionalization has intensified, with the promotion of localization and synergy of global crystal-crys generation workers as a whole presenting a “super-high” pattern of competition, with advanced process being an important factor in competition.
Super, which is a high-power plant, which includes three-star electronics, combined electricity, etc., 2404, with 67% of the market, is ranked first in the global chip industry, with 11% of the second three-star industry, while the rest of the companies are marketed by only a handful of top-level firms with 5 nm and below, with top-level firms in the 14nm process.
As the 7nm process evolves, geopolitical factors drive the importance of advanced processes. From the energy-producing nodes, the larger process nodes are concentrated in 180nm-28nm, the more advanced process capacity of 5nm rises from year to year, and the more advanced process capacity of the market is vast.
The technical blockade and siege of weak links such as semiconductor equipment, semiconductor materials, advanced manufacturing, etc. in China’s semiconductor industry have attempted to isolate China’s integrated circuit industry from the global supply chain system. As advanced semiconductor equipment technologies are now dominated by countries such as the US and Europe and Japan, research and development and mastery of advanced manufacturing or key factors in China’s collapse.
Since 2023, the world’s major economics have been working hard on semiconductor industrial policies. Compared to the previously efficient industrial layout, the independence, diversification, and security of supply chains are gradually becoming a priority for national semiconductor industrial development strategies.
Since 2022, countries and regions such as the United States, the European Union, Japan, and the Republic of Korea have published their own chip programs, focusing on their imbalances in semiconductor design and surrogate containment, production and consumption, equipment, and manufacturing.
The plan is to encourage indigenous chip research and development and production through large-scale incentives and industry support funds, while increasing demand self-sufficiency while seeking industrial and technological advantages relative to major competitors. As a result, global semiconductor output patterns are changing.
The region’s share of the global semiconductor sub-employee market has spread out among the major companies, with investment plans in the European and American regions, and is no longer concentrated in the Asian region. The power generation has been transferred from Taiwan to parts of the U.S., for example.
By 2024, the plant had built two plants in the United States, the first of which would start producing 4nm core chips in the first half of 2025, and the second, in 2028, would produce 2nm core chips. In April 2024, the plant and the United States Department of Commerce together produced two nm core chips.
It was also announced that a third plant would be built in the United States. The third plant was expected to be inaugurated in 2029 or 2030, producing 2 nm or more advanced chips. As for Japan, the first plant built in Japan with electricity was completed at the end of 2023, and the installation and commissioning of equipment is now under way, with production of 22/28 nm and production of 22/28 nm expected to begin by the end of 2024.
On August 30, 2024, Taiwan Minister of Economy Guo Xihui announced that a third plant was planned to be built in Japan to produce a 3nm microchip. On the one hand, the transfer of production capacity from the plant could accelerate the globalization of semiconductors.
In addition to promoting cooperation and competition between different regions, other countries and regions may become protectionist towards their semiconductor industries, exacerbating geopolitical games in the global semiconductor market.
According to Semi, 20 new crystal-crystal mills were built in mainland China in 2021-2023, ranked first in the world, and these new crystal-crystal plants were dominated by 12 inches of crystal-crystal production. Based on current production planning, the global market for 300 mm crystal-crystal mills is expected to be in China by 2026.
The share of the field will reach 25%, surpassing South Korea, making it the world’s number one. Crystal production capacity has continued to increase, with more than 40 million crystals per quarter estimated at 300 mm eq. China continues to have the highest growth rate of production in all regions.
The safety and independence of the industry is expected to reduce its dependence on external supply by mastering more core technologies. The annual growth trend in the year-long operations of the Cyclops International and China Rainbow Semiconductors, which are leading companies working on the continental crystal circle, has been clear in the past few years, indicating a strong demand for local markets and a positive overall trend in the domestic crystal round industry.
From the point of view of growth and the distribution of capacity, China is accelerating the process of localization in the field of crystal round industries.
CKI: 8" Deco Code: 8" "Dewy: 8" and 12"
"Hales: 12" "Wasnagon: 12" and "ship: 8"
♪ Shanghai, Texas instrument: 8' Shanghai advanced: 8"
Hmph: 8" Shanghai Tower: 8" & 12 "Hmph: 12"
Midheart International: 8" U.S.: 12" S.S.I.: 8" S.S.I.: 12" S.S.I.: 12"
The company's development history can be broadly divided into technological accumulation.
During the accumulation period, the center core has succeeded in achieving production levels ranging from 0.25 μm to 90 nm, providing a solid basis for subsequent development. After a smooth transition into the long term, the company has settled all lawsuits with the station power, opening a more robust technological path, producing 65 nm, 45 nm and 28 nm process products.
The n+1 advanced process chip has been completed and tested, with the n+1 process increasing by 20% in performance, a 57% reduction in power consumption, a 63% reduction in logical area, and a 50% reduction in soc area, compared to 14nm. With the leading technology in integrated circuit manufacturing on mainland China, the process platform and application landscapes are diversified to meet market demand.
The company’s finfet technology is widely applied to smart terminals such as smartphones, tablets, capboxes, and has shown great potential in emerging fields such as artificial intelligence, object networking, autopilot, etc. As the downstream application landscape continues to expand, its advanced process techniques will be addressed to achieve more complex functions and optimize chip performance, power, integration, etc.
According to the company’s 24-year report, its research and development centre is driven by customer demand, making full use of the company’s capacity to produce in multiple technology platforms, such as logical circuits, power/simulations, high volatilization drives, embedded non-volatilization deposits, and continuously upgrading the development and innovation of maturity processes and enhancement of technology platforms.
In 2024, the 28nm Ultra Low Leaking Platform project, the 55 nanopressure display second-generation process platform development project, the 65 nanofrequency insulation silicon process platform ongoing research and development project, and the 90 nanobcd process platform continued research and development project were completed for bulk production.
3.2. Use of the industry’s headlines and development advantages The city’s dominance has been increasing year by year, and branding has become more influential. The crystal circle industry’s headline effects have been significant, with the share of the world’s top ten crystal round plants in total markets up to 96% according to the targetforce, 24o4, and the value of production increasing at the same time.
From 26% to $38.480 billion. In 2024, the company was ranked third among the global crystal circle industrial enterprises, ranked first among the mainland Chinese enterprises, benefiting from increased sales of consumer electronics and the need for i servers and high performance calculations for growth, corporate cos image sensors (cis), power managementic (pmic), object networking chips and displays.
Businesses such as ic (ddic) have grown rapidly, with the company ' s global market share of 2404 being 5 per cent, the same share as that of Grovend and United States of America, after power accumulation and tristar electronics. q12024share per cent
Tsmc tsmc tsmc
Tsmc tsmc tsmc
#Samsung samsung samsung
It's not like he's a samsung samsuno.
♪ Foundry foundry foundry foundry ♪
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
The smic 3globalfoundries
It's like, "I'm going to have to do it."
It's like, "I'm going to have to do it."
Smic smic smic
♪ Globallfoundries globalfoundries ♪
Haahong/hlmc* Haahong/hlmc* Haahong/hlmc*
Haahong/hlmc* Haahong/hlmc* Haahong/
Hlmc (*) includeitsaffiliatecompanhylmc (fab5/6) Expand capacity and enhance industrial synergies to strengthen barriers:
The capital expenditure of the company is mainly for capacity expansion, which currently has 3 8-inch production lines, mainly for mature production of 90 nm and above, and 7 12-inch production lines, mainly for advanced logical chips and other complex integrated circuit products. In 2024, the total delivery was over 8 million pieces (8 inches) and in the first half of the year, 14,000 new productions were fast.
In addition to the integrated circuit crystal circle industry, the company is working to promote upstream and downstream cooperation in the integrated circuit industry chain.
(a) Integrated circuit solutions for the entire spectrum, such as: improving capacity to plan through cooperation with international leading eda tool providers, providing accurate rutube models and complete pdk kits, and expediting the listing of client products;
Provide complete and high-quality ip and design services for storage, cpu and dspip cores, base cell libraries, power management type ip, information security class ip and simulation interface type ip, and provide full one-stop network for new applications with ecosystems of voice, image processing, low-capacity wide area connectivity, etc. (internetofthings, iot)
The process, manufacturing, and chip design services, as well as the design of the company’s production-networked smart hardware-related chip products, help build companies to reduce entry time, reduce costs, and gain a favourable position in the market. In the process, companies have also enhanced their capacity for industrial chain integration and layout, contributing to the construction of a strong integrated circuit industry ecology.
In 2024, the company ' s capacity utilization was maintained at a high level, and capital spending is expected to be equal in 25 years. 24q3 has a tight inch capacity, good prices, and the company has a relatively high value added of 12 inches, and the new expansion will be able to achieve an end-of-year equivalent of 948 million units of the 8 inch standard logical monthly capacity, with a total output of more than 8 million units, with an annual average capacity utilization rate.
1. Integrated circuit crystal round workers: The global semiconductor recovered in 2024, with companies spending around 2024 expanding their capacity for capital crystals. At the same time, companies continued to optimize their advanced production lines, their product structure improved, their product structure increased, and their profitability increased, including through such measures as a combination of efficiency gains. Therefore, we predict that companies will integrate circuit crystals in 2025-2027.
Because of the high input, asset weight, and profit-cycle fluctuations that characterize chip manufacturing enterprises, pb can better reflect the value and cyclical attributes of an enterprise’s assets, and is a reasonable reference indicator for valuation comparisons. We have chosen China Rainbow, China Yui, Crystal Integration, Slanwa as a comparable company.
First advanced process technology, representing the overall level of the country’s crystal circle industry, is scarce in the context of the country’s high-end chip shortage. Given the company’s role as the country’s first crystal circle factory, the company has taken the lead in achieving production at nodes below 28 nm and expanding its capacity to produce advanced process products below 14 nm, with the company having the skills to build up technology, customer resources, etc.
With the increasing demand for arithmetic, the rising demand for high-end chips and the company ' s advantage in advanced production processes and process research and development, the industry ' s top-level effects will become more apparent in the future. For the first time, the risk of upgrading R & D and technology will be felt. The company ' s integrated circuit crystalworks industry is a technology-intensive industry.
Integrated circuit crystal round workers involve the combined application of dozens of disciplines in science and technology and engineering, with the characteristics of rapid processing, high financial input, long R & D cycles, etc. The technology content of integrated circuit crystal round workers is high and requires a long period of technical validation and subsequent ongoing R & D practices. If companies are not able to keep pace with industry needs in the future.
R & D orientations can lead to technical deviations in the process. At the same time, the process of research and development of new processes is complex, time-consuming and costly, and uncertain. And integrated circuit-rich end-use scenarios determine the differences between the mainstream technical nodes and the process of chip products in the various areas, with the corresponding market demand changing faster.
There is a shortage of skilled personnel or a risk of loss. The integrated circuit crystal circle industry is also a talent-intensive industry. The integrated circuit circle involves a combination of thousands of crafts, dozens of specialized disciplines, and requires solid expertise and long-term technological deposition.
High-quality R & D and engineering technicians are an important basis for companies to improve their competitiveness and sustain their development. Supply chain risks. Integrated circuit crystal round industries support raw materials, spare parts, software, equipment, services, etc.
There are higher requirements, some of the key raw materials, spare parts, software, core equipment and service support have fewer qualified suppliers globally, mostly from outside China. In the future, there will be supply shortages, delays in delivery, large price increases for important raw materials, spare parts, software, core equipment, and service support for companies, or suppliers.
Trade frictions, diplomatic conflicts, wars, etc. between countries and/or regions with other countries, which in turn affect the corresponding export licensing, supply or price increases in raw materials, spare parts, software, equipment and service support, may have a negative impact on the company ' s productive operations and on its continued development.
The three major financial forecasting tables of China-Cholel International, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, are eligible for portfolio investment advisory services.