The new technology is expected to usher in a strong product cycle.
The Great Wall is the leader of the domestic suv and Pika markets, with the shares of the company suv, 45.8% in 2020, Haffah 6, and the Great Wall cannons being the champions of market segmentation. The control of market demand, product power, brand power are the long-term advantages of the Wall, lemon mix dht technology, coffee.
New technologies, such as smart platforms, will continue to empower companies. This report focuses on the analysis of the Great Wall ' s car lemon mix, dht technology. We expect the company to collect $1430,181.1617.1 billion in 2021-2023, back to the mother ' s policy plus product, and the Great Wall ' s car layout mixed with the track.
The road map for energy-saving and new-energy car technology 2.0 clearly sets out the direction of energy-efficient vehicle development, and the two-part policy is reversed, forcing cars to accelerate their search for energy-saving and new energy technologies. Both policies combine with the introduction of a new generation of hybrid systems, such as Biadi, the Wall, Jili, etc. In December 2020, the Great Wall car was officially released with lemons.
The lemon mix dht system, which is seminal in the use of two-scaling gears, provides a total of three power units, and a four-drive phev version, carries the world’s maximum-capacity, high-efficiency mix of power cells. The dht system is economically and powered, and the application of the second 2021-05 to the Hafer, Wey brand is expected to further enhance the company’s product strength.
The central advantage of the leaking lemon mix is that the two-stage transformation is the key to the victory. The domestic hev market is dominated by the solar pattern, with the share of the Japanese joint ventures exceeding 99%. The hybrid systems of Honda and Toyota are more fuel-efficient than the Great Wall.
The advantage of the route lies in the flexibility of the mode of work, in the fact that the complexity of the mechanical device leads to the waste of kinetic energy, the simple structure of the Hondai-mmd route, but the engine's condition is one-stopped and the engine is weak. The Wall car has created a new two-speed hybrid structure based on Honda's route.
Motivated driving can meet higher power demands, representing the advanced direction of the next generation of hybrid system upgrades. 1. Policy + product power, driving the development of hybrid energy-saving vehicles.
As a result of the oil crisis, foreign car companies had invested earlier in research on new-energy cars to reduce their dependence on traditional fuel-fired cars, and Japan, with its relatively scarce energy resources, was actively involved in the development of energy-saving and new-energy models. Toyota was a late start, and the Toyota-type Prius was a hot market overseas.
Over $10,000, sales prices have become a key factor in limiting the performance of the domestic market in the Prís hybrid model. The domestic hybrid market has evolved, with relatively low-priced car-type thunderballs and carols, but the overall car market still has a modest share of mixed car sales.
13.58-1958 million dollars. With the nationalization of the market, which is worth more than a car type, the market for domestic hybrids has risen, with Japanese cars pre-empting the country’s Hev market. However, the market share of hybrid car sales remains low, with data from the Federation and the Institute of Forward-looking Industries showing that in 2020, the country’s Hev, Pheve, and the Phev.
Total sales accounted for less than 3 per cent of total sales in passenger cars.Figure 1: In 2020, mixed domestic cars accounted for 19 per cent of sales in new energy vehicles.
At the policy level, domestic policies on energy-saving vehicles and new energy vehicles since 2012 have focused on the development of pure electric motor vehicles, related subsidies, tax incentives, restricted mobility policies, etc., in favour of plug-in hybrids and pure electric vehicles.
At the end of the product, the country’s high-quality hybrid model is relatively few, and combined with the higher general selling price of the hybrid model than the same fuel model, has an impact on the spread of hybrid cars. But, at this point, we believe that the likelihood of limiting the spread of hybrid cars will improve.
In October 2020, the road map for energy efficiency and new energy vehicle technology, developed by the Chinese Auto-engineering Institute and directed by the Ministry of Information and Communications, was launched, with an annual sale of energy-saving vehicles and new energy vehicles accounting for 50% of total sales in 2035.
In the R & D hybrid model, where the autonomous brands are dynamically mixed, the market size expansion is expected to trigger technological maturity, lower costs, and a change in consumption perceptions. A number of autonomous brands such as Biadi, Wall, Chirry, etc. have now introduced their own hybrid systems, and in the long run, the blending market is expected to boost the rapidness of the industry.
The next 10 years will be a golden decade of mixed development, as guided by the Road Map for Energy Conservation and New Energy Motor Technology 2.0. According to the Road Map for Energy Conservation and New Energy Vehicle Technology 2.0, the Flying Association’s forecast of future vehicle sales
Measuring and measuring the sales of the hev type of car, published by the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, is expected to reach 1.252 million vehicles in 2030, representing 45 per cent of the total sales in passenger vehicles and 1.113 million vehicles in new energy sources, accounting for 26 per cent of the total sales.
The impact of the launch was a 130-40-per-cent increase in sales in January-July 2021 for common hybrids and plug-in vehicles.2 The combination of high-integration and hybrid structures, the combined ability of the lemon to mix dht with excellence 2.1, the global first multiple-passenger drive, the lemon to mix dht dynamics, economics and both.
By the end of 2020, the Great Wall car lemon mixer dht was officially launched. As a hybrid system for domestic branding and development, the distribution of the lemon dht hybrid system broke into an all-time situation in the country's mixed market. The high-performance lemon mixer dht represented the integration of advanced techniques in the Great Wall bus mix, followed by a lemon mix dht.
The Great Wall lemon mixes dht using the "1-2-3" system architecture. "1" stands for 1 set of dht high-intensity oil.
Modified system consisting of 1.5l/1.5t specially designed motors, dht two-arranged dht transmission tanks, gm/tm double power units, dual power controllers and integrated dcdc components; "2" for hev/phev 2 power forms; "3" for 3 power combinations of power, a level 1.5l+dht100, b level 1.5t+dht130, c-level
1.5t+dht130+p4 (the phev type only) covers the power requirements of different levels of vehicle type. Lemon mixes dht provide 2 engines: 1.5l natural inhaling engine and 1.5t turbo-pressure engine, applied separately to different positioning vehicle types of economic/dynamic type. The self-sorption engine compression ratio reaches 13:1, with maximum power.
75kw, matching 100kwdht module, system integration efficiency 140-170kw, primary fuel economy, should be reduced to 46l/100km of grade asuv combined fuel consumption with 15l self-sorting motors, 15t turbo increment, higher pressure engine power with a maximum capacity of 115kw, match 130kwdht module, system integration power
180-240kw. According to information released by the company Lemon Technology Platform, the company ' s conventional engine heat efficiency was 41% in 2022, and the hev binary structure power system combined was 43% ~50%. Lemon mixer dht system is a global multi-stage engine drive, creating a two-speed mix of new structures allowing it to pass through.
The solar system and the domestic self-contained system is dominated by a single-speed mix, the engine drive is unstoppable, and the two-speed hybrid dht system created by the Wall allows hybrid vehicles to drive down in the engine, thereby providing more power.
The dht system has a two-stage dht transmission box with an economic block and a two-stage drive block in the engine, using two different modes of smooth cruise and midway acceleration, to achieve the most efficient and dynamic within the full speed range, addressing both the fuel economy requirements and the high speed re-acceleration problem.
Integration-driven power of 100 kw~130kw, torque range 250-300nm_{\circ}4x4 long-duration phev mounted the most efficient hybrid power cell in global capacity, pure power continuity capability
Up to 200km, p4 power-driven bridges are added to increase motor power. 4xphev long-duration packages with a maximum capacity of high power combined power cells with a battery capacity of 45kwh, with a capacity of up to 200km in pure power mode.
In addition, the increase in the four-drive structure p4 power-drive bridge has significantly increased vehicle power performance, with a level C suv 0-100km/h acceleration of the four-drive structure of the phev only requiring 5.2s.
Lemon mixes dht systems with binocular controllers to improve the efficiency of the system. Double-electric controls can be seen as "central brain" of the lemon mix dht system, mainly to control generator, power-driven chargers, and to ensure that motor power needs are met by motor-efficient workspaces of the engine's "peak-filling valley". Lemon mixes
The dht double power controller carries a new generation of high-value English-flying tc38 processor chips with algorithms for the Wall 2.2, the Double Power Combining Structure, the flexible switching of different modes of operation depending on whether there is a mechanical coupling between the engine and the power driver, and the hybrid system architecture can be divided into strings.
Combining mode, association mode, and mixing mode. There is no mechanical coupling between the engine and the power engine, i.e. there is no need to maintain a speed ratio, and there is a mechanical coupling between the engine and the power driver, and two power input ends (engine, power drive) and the power output end need to be maintained.
A certain speed ratio, and this fixed proportion of the relationship is often achieved by multiple gear groups. The blending model can be based on different road conditions to adapt the stringing and linking working patterns to optimize system efficiency.
(i) Mode: (i)ev: low speed works, like urban crowded sections, engine power efficiency low, lemon mix dht uses the ev mode when the engine is not working and tm drives the wheels directly; (ii) serial mode: when low speed works, battery power is insufficient, the hybrid system is turned to a chain structure and activated
Machine-driven generators provide power for power drivers when the hybrid system is controlled by a dual-power controller to ensure that the engine remains in a high-efficiency workspace, powered by batteries and power generators; (3) motor-drilling mode: medium- and high-speed engineering engines are more efficient, and serial mode is driven by the need to drive the engine and add a number of transmissions.
Devices, motor energy waste, lemon hybrid systems use motor direct-drive mode, with a 10-15% reduction in fuel consumption compared to the serial mode. (4) Symptoms: emergency acceleration can be responded to, engines can be kept directly driven in high-efficiency workspaces, wheels can be moved, power engines can be used to provide auxiliary power. (5) Energy recovery mode: vehicle slow-down work, mixing system
Some of the kinetic energy can be converted into electricity, and the tm generator can be used as a generator for energy recovery to charge the battery and reduce energy waste from friction. The principle behind the lemon mixing of dht different modes is to keep the engine working in an efficient zone, which is also mixed.
It's the key to a combined structure that mixes car-type fuel savings. There are limitations between motor efficiency workspaces, which are usually more efficient when the engine is activated and the engine is driven to meet certain requirements. In urban areas, low-speed work like this does not keep the engine working efficiently, and there is a supply between the engine's power and the engine's power.
The two-power mix is primarily used to cut peak fillings to provide motor power while maintaining engine efficiency. The core design of the Great Wall lemon mix dht is to keep engine work in the most efficient zone, thereby achieving the best overall efficiency.
2.3 On the shoulders of the giants, the lemon mix dht was excellent, the oil crisis affected American car market demand, the fuel economy was weak, the economy was growing, and in 1997 Toyota officially launched the first oil and electric mixer model.
Prius, the world’s first large-scale hybrid vehicle. Prius created the advantage of Toyota in the oil-mixed electricity market.
Six months ago, Toyota was the leading market in the world, accounting for 62%, followed by Honda, Renault, modern Kia by 16.8%, 7.9%, and 7.1% respectively. The global market pattern for electricity intubation was relatively fragmented, with the German masses, BMW, Gilly, German Mercedes, Biadi, 18.1%, 12.6%, 9.3%,
8.8 per cent 8.1 per cent. Figure 12: Main share of the domestic hev-mixed market, 2020
By the end of 2020, a new generation of hybrid systems has been introduced by a home-owned brand, which is expected to lead to a new wave of hybrids. The domestic hev market, where Japanese cars continue to dominate, and the Toyota and Honda joint brands dominate.
The share of the field, according to the Institute of High Industry Research, was about 99% in 2020 in the hev mixed market combined. The domestic electric blending market brands and new forces had a definite advantage, Biadi had a leading position, ideally in the top three by a single incremental vehicle.
The road map on energy conservation and new energy vehicle technology, 2.0, further clarifies the direction of hybrid cars. Due to carbon emission pressures, the country’s autonomous branding companies are also actively developing hybrid models, with autonomous branding techniques such as Biadi dm-i, Great Wall lemon mixing dht, Long-Anland whale idd, Chiré, and the domestic hybrid market.
Competition patterns will either be rewritten, and the autonomous brand hybrid system is expected to lead a new wave of mixing. Currently, mixed market technology routes are mainly solar and European, with two major mainstream solar technology routes: the Toyotaths power stream and the Hondai-mmd binocular mix, and the European mixed motor model.
The car lemon mixer dht is innovative based on the Hondai-mmd route, which is more integrated than the two-field mixer, whose main fuel economy is fuel. The Toyotaths system is powered by planetary gears, which allow flexible mode of work, fuel economy, etc.
Toyota's ths (toyotahybridsystem) hybrid system uses a power-distribution model consisting mainly of two electric machines, one engine and a planetary gear group, where the system's power-dispersing switch is in the dry planet gear group. Solar wheels, planetary racks, cogs in the planet's gear group are connected to two power inputs.
End and one power output end. Toyota ths allows the engine to remain in a high-efficiency workspace by switching working patterns from planetary gear groups. The ths hybrid system greatly improves the fuel economy of cars, and, according to car homes, the Toyota's new aqua (Presc) fuel consumption is only 2.8l/100 km.
Honda i-mmd uses a two-voltage mixer structure and is simple and mobile. The early Honda mix is based on a p2 pattern, the motor is placed between the engine and the gearbox, and the later I-mmd (intelligent multi-modedrive) mixer is developed. The Hondai-mmd system has a single engine, a two-power generator (power generation).
i-mmd has three main modes of operation: (1)ev mode: car start-up is usually pure power driven and motor is not working: (2) hybrid mode:
During the acceleration phase or up the slope, the engine starts generating power from the power-driven generators and provides power to the power-drive wheels; (3)enging mode: high-speed cruise phase, engine-drilling through the break-up of the motor and the electrical-motive connection by the clutch. Most of the work, Hondai-mmd is dominated by a serial mode, as there are no speed change boxes in the system and it is abandoned.
Additional mechanical connections can be maintained at a relatively high level. Biadidm-i also uses a binary mixer structure, with dm-i, dm-p systems dominated by fuel economy, power and driving power, leading the domestic share of the vehicle. Biadidm-i hybrid system is mixed with Hondai-mmd.
The structure of the system is similar, using a binary mixer structure and a system-neutral box. The dm-i system consists mainly of a 1.5l engine, a generator, a power drive, and e-cvt. The dm-i system focuses on fuel and is economical, with a mixed cloud-plug engine compressed over 15:1, heat efficiency 43.04%, and a 100 km fuel consumption of 3.8l.
In the first half of 2021, Qin Plusdm-i, Handm, Songdm had a 12.5%, 7.9%, and 6.6% market share.
The Great Wall car, based on a dual power mix, has added two-stage transmission boxes to the single-block mixer system, which was officially released in December of the year, with the same i-mmd mixer as the technology route, with the greatest innovation.
In addition, the dht gearbox is powered with a two-stop economy, the lower slot increases the driver for accelerated conditions (i.e., power) and the higher class is similar to Biadi and Honda (i.e., economic) and applies to the high-speed cruise mode. As two slots are offered, the lemon mixer dht system is more than a single-block double-power machine.
Combining systems are more efficient and, to some extent, solves the lack of power in the single block system. The c-suv plug-in time of the lemon-dht-four-drive system requires only 5.2 s, and the combined fuel consumption of the two-drive hevsuv can be reduced to 4.6l/100 km.
The two-field hybrid system is very oil-efficient, the Great Wall car lemon-mixed dht system has a simpler structure than the planetary gear system, and the two-field hybrid technology route can meet higher power demands. The two-field hybrid system is excellent in terms of fuel economy, but the Toyotaths planet gear has an advantage in working patterns.
Flexible and diverse, but complex transmissions generate loss of kinetic energy. Hondai-mmd has the advantage of having a simple structure with high rates of transmission, but high-speed condensed patterns are less efficient than direct motors (a direct motor drive compared to a chain of 10-15% oil). The Great Wall car has a lemon mixer dht system that is simpler than a planetary gear group and more than a planetary gear group.
Honda's one-stop hybrid system mode of work is more flexible, allowing it to enter the engine at low speed, directly reducing the device, loss of kinetic power, and optimizing power performance. The hybrid system structure is the most complex of the power streams, both internal combustion engines and battery packages, generating electricity.
Machines, power drivers, and the controllers of these power supply devices, e-cvt single-speed transformers (switchers), have simplified the design and deployment of hybrid systems, but the engine is likely to face power shortages. The two-stage mixer new architecture of the two-stage transformer makes it more difficult to design hybrid systems.
Two blocks out of the architecture and the introduction of a volume-based application, WeyMachito, with enhanced product competitiveness, are expected to recreate the competitiveness of the Wey brand with the rapid growth of the market. Table 7: Lemon-mixed dht system in line with the technical route of Biadedm-i system, but design principles are different from system composition
3 - Lemon mixed dht technology, autonomous dragon-mixed potential track 3.1, Lemon mixed dht - a key grip on double-element pressure in the Great Wall vehicle dht mixed not only in front of the Great Wall car mixed up in the potential race track, but also in the future.
In order to ease the pressure on the Great Wall ' s cars, improve the fuel economy of the Haf and Wey brands, several suv hot-marketed cars with high fuel consumption, and the Wall ' s car cafc with pressure. According to Bear oil consumption, car homes, Haf and Wey brands have several hot-marketed car models that consume between 9 and 11l/100 km, and large and medium-sized suv
Haverh9 consumes more than 12l/100 km. Great Wall automobile products are sold mostly in suv, and heavy fuel consumption in suv, which puts the Wall ' s vehicles under greater pressure from the double-centre policy. The average fuel consumption by the Cars Enterprise (cafc) and the New Energy Vehicle Scores (nev) table shows that the 2020 Wall carcafc was accumulated.
Figure 16: Actual results show higher consumption of several hot-marketed car models by the Hafer brand.
In June 2020, the Decision on Amending the Approach to Co-ordination of Average Fuel Consumption by Cars and New Energy Cars. The new version of the Double-Equator Policy introduced several preferential provisions for low-oil-consuming and energy-efficient vehicles, which, in accounting for new-energy car components (nev credits), are based on low-oil-consumption conditions.
A certain proportion of production is calculated at 0.5, 0.3, 0.2 times in 2021-2023, while the actual value of the average fuel consumption is reduced by a certain accounting factor when accounting for the cafc credits. In addition to applying the two-points policy preference for low fuel consumption, the hybrid model can reduce the actual fuel of the vehicle to a certain extent.
Based on the revised two-point policy of 2020, it is assumed that the structure and sales of the model of the Great Wall will remain unchanged for the period 2021-2025 (based on 2020 sales), and that the Huff brand includes Hafh6, and the Huff brand includes Haffah 6.
Hafm6, Haffff7, Hafh9 and Haffer Dogs, Wey's brand contains vv5/6/7, Tank's brand contains Tank 300, Ora's brand contains a total of 12 car types of black cats, white cats, good cats, assuming the lemon mixes dht's average international fuel rate is 40%.
The number of seats per vehicle shown, measured against the cafc calculations in the quality of preparation, Methods for the Evaluation of Fuel Consumption by Car and Indicators, showed that the Grand Wall car cafc credits for 2021-2025 were cumulatively close to 11.5 million, with a combined annual score of 1.6 million and 82.24 million, respectively.
At the moment, Huffh6 is still the backbone of the Huff brand series, and at the present time, it is still the backbone of the Huff brand series.
By August 2021, Hafh6 had won 99 months of domestic suv sales champions. The lemon mix dht system was expected to be rolled out, and the original Hover product in the mixed market was extended. The Great Wall car started to develop hybrid technology in 2012, during which the first generation and a phev model were launched.
After a long build-up of R & D technologies, the company has developed a core advantage in the field of mixing, and the R & D team has experienced a lot. The Grand Wall Dht Project was officially launched in 2018. For three years, the first vehicle with the lemon smart dht system, Wey Machido, was officially pre-saled at the end of August 2021.
14.68 - 16.38 million yuan. Macchido carries a total power output of 1.5l+dht and an efficient hev battery with a total system capacity of 140kw, a total torque of 370n m, 0-60km/h acceleration time of 4.1s, a combined fuel consumption of 4.7l/100km, and a combined continued capacity.
1100 km. Macchido carries the world's leading high-speed 8155 chip, with a capacity three times higher than that of a marketed car and seven to eight times more than that of a marketed vehicle. In terms of power performance, Machido's maximum power, maximum torque, and high-level mix of Weyvv5/6/7, with a width of vv5/6, slightly lower than vv7, storage space and ease of use.
As a result of the lemon mixing dht system and the application of the coffee smart platform, the machido fuel economy and intelligence are better than the old Wey brand. On the outside, machito follows the design style of the wey mocha model, which advocates rejuvenation, individualization, higher recognition of the car, and the use of the macarone as a sweet color.
In general, machito mixes lemon dht systems and coffee smart platforms with advantages, performances, distinctive appearances, and clear market positioning are expected to take place in the middle- and high-end blending suv market.
Along with the Wall ' s follow-up cost-down initiative and the scale effect, which gradually spreads to hybrid vehicle-type costs, lemon mixes dht or will be used on the Hover, Wey brands on a large scale, the Great Wall ' s suv brand competition is expected to intensify further and complete the strategic layout of the mixed potential track.
In the first half of 2021, there were 610,000 Great Wall cars sold and 4.8% of the domestic market.
8th place, the share of autonomous brands in the market for cars is close to 15%. suv: Hover's brands are more expensive than suv, more powerful than products, with multiple hot-market models including Huffh6, Huffm6, Huffff7 and Huff Dogs, and by August 2021, Huffh6 had been in place for 99 months in a row.
The country’s suv-market champions. Wey’s brands, with high-end suv, coffee smart platforms, lemon blending dht, are the first to be used in the Wey series. (Coffee smart platforms first on mocha, lemon mix on dht first on machito.) They are expected to help the Wall’s cars raise their share of the high-end suv market.
Performance, officially independent from the Wey brand in the first half of 2021. With the use of the lemon mix dht system and the three technology platforms Lemon, Tank, Coffee, and the listing of new cars, Machito, Latte, Haver, 500, the Wall Cars are expected to build more hot-marketed models to improve the product matrix layout and strengthen the country's suv
Picah: The pick-up truck is the oldest model of the Wall ' s car, with the Wall ' s pick-up series of wind and cannons. In 2020, the city ' s share of the Great Wall was about 46%, far higher than its rivals, Jiang Suzuki, Zhengzhou Japanese, and Upton. The Wall ' s advantage is strong, and its share in the future Great Wall ' s Car pickup market is expected to rise steadily.
New energy vehicles: Ola is a brand of new energy cars under the Great Wall, with products dominated by medium- and low-end pure sedans, and Orahcat ' s share of the domestic pure power passenger vehicle market in 2020 was 4%, after model3, macrolight miniev, aion.s. The electric rate of the domestic car market was close to 15% in July 2021, with subsequent new energy cars expected to increase.
The company is now in the middle of a strong product cycle, the advanced technology platform’s enabling plus multiple new vehicles, which are expected to boost its sales, and we assume that the annual stock of cars in the Great Wall in 2021-2023 will be 136/1118/1882 million, respectively.
The company is currently in a product replacement cycle, with low-priced vehicles being phased out, and with new technology platforms on board. We believe that the company’s product power, brand power and brand ownership, coupled with the ability of the lemon to mix dht, coffee intelligence platform, and other advanced technologies, is expected to lead the new generation of cars in the power, intelligence, and so on.
The Division should enjoy a high premium, covering it for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating, as shown in table 11.