Autonomous brand technology leader, the Great Wall Car (60133.sh) full-scale innovation-driven "quantity plus profit" performance.
The company is the leader of the autonomous brand suv, the pickup industry, and the pace of the technology transition is accelerating. The company has the leading vehicle and accessories development capability, and the layout runs through the entire car chain. The company owns Lee Zejio.
Five whole brands, of which the Great Wall picks up the highest domestic and export sales for 23 years, and suv the largest domestic sales for many years. Companies own global research and marketing networks, produce and expand steadily, and expand their reach through M&As and incubation, accelerating the transformation of their products into electric intelligence and taking advantage of new energy.
Technological innovation + product innovation + marketing is new, driving the new cycle of “volume + profit” performance 1, three platform technological innovation, and the pace of intelligent mobility transition is accelerating. The Great Wall Car was launched in 2020.
The three technology brands of Lemon, Tank, Coffee Smart have built a new technological system of value innovation in the whole industry that encompasses new energy sources, efficient fuel, and smart driving. " Lemon" and "tank" are high-intelligence, modular production platforms in the Wall, corresponding to city trips and hard-to-country movements, respectively.
In June 2021, the proportion of sales of new cars carrying three technology brands was nearly 50%.
Two or five brands have been branded to optimize the maturity of the product matrix. The Wall ' s automobiles are moving in the direction of product transformation with full insight into market and consumer demand to achieve a breakthrough with new types of power.
Haferh6, Hafer Dog, Hafer Love, Haver Red Rabbit, Weymoka, Olya Cat, Tank 300, etc., are popular among users. With regard to electric intelligence transformation, by 2025, the company will have introduced over 50 new energy models, with over 40% penetration in high-level autopilot preloads.
We believe that, as powerful products continue to be rolled out, iteratively, and electrically intelligent transformation energy continues to be released, corporate sales are expected to increase steadily.3 New marketing + management is emerging to boost corporate “volume” performance. Companies continue to push for product marketing.
Innovation, the creation of a rejuvenation, technology-based brand image, and the marketing of innovation channels to boost the sale of products. At the same time, companies continue to change their organizational mechanisms, helping to improve the efficiency and quality of their operations and to release space for performance.
The investment proposal is that the company is the leading vehicle brand in the country, with a strong advantage in suv and pickup market segmenting. The company is actively moving forward with the electrical intelligence transformation of its products, with three platform technologies taking hold of the company.
There has been a significant increase in product strength, with differentiated competitive strategies laying a solid foundation for a higher volume of products, and company-based 2025 strategic planning and new equity incentive schemes have highlighted management confidence. We have long viewed the industry chain risks associated with company development, and the shortage of car chips.
Drivers, key assumptions and major projections: A company is a leading domestic auto brand, with significant market niches in suv and pickups. Companies actively push for a product-based, electrically intelligent transformation, three platform technologies take on a significant boost in the company’s product power, and differentiated competitive strategies are product prices.
In recent years, the high-growth dividends of the country’s suv market have dwindled, competition has increased among major car manufacturers, product concentration has declined, and the company’s Hover brand is facing a leading position.
The effect of the electrical transformation of the company’s products has yet to be validated. The new energy track highs and low thresholds have attracted a large number of producers to speed up the layout, companies have competed mainly on the blending of fuel-car products, pure electricity is still on the slope, and the boost to sales has doubled, with a “recommended” rating being given for the first time.
Corporate product sales are higher than expected; the penetration rate of new energy vehicles is faster; and prices of raw materials are reversed upstream. The risk of the new crown epidemic is that logistics are blocked by the new crown epidemic, delays in restarting work, etc., have some impact on the sale of corporate products and on upstream supply.
Some of the products are at higher risk of policy impacts: the volume of corporate pickup products is vulnerable to policies such as transportation, environmental protection, and there are less than expected risks to sales of corporate products. The industry chain risks associated with the shortage of car chips: since 2020, the production and transport of car chips have been affected by the epidemic.
There is a shortage, and there are risks associated with the upgrading of corporate smart products that are not as effective as expected and limited as production capacity. First, the national production of Picard and the leadership of the suv, and the pace of the technological transition is accelerating (i) the company is a leading private car company in the country, with a rich and well-developed product matrix.
The company is China’s Suv and Picah company, which has the leading vehicle and fittings research and development capability, and the business layout runs through the entire chain of automobiles. The Great Wall Motors Company, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as the Great Wall Motors), is a manufacturing company with global research and development, production and marketing power.
There are five brands of tanks, covering the three main categories of products: suv, sedans, and pickups. The company owns a self-contained set of core parts, such as motor engines, transformers, etc. More than 80 subsidiaries of the controlled companies are equipped to produce raw materials, spare parts, technology, marketing trade, and automobile finance.
The company has developed for a long time, and has grown from a domestic picasso to a globalized, internationalized enterprise. In 1985, the city’s automobile manufacturing plant was established in the city of Pao Ding, Hebei Province, formerly the Mayor’s Industrial Company, and was mainly involved in the transformation of cars.