The Sini Mountain Billows, the Great Wall Car (60163.sh) and new models of all styles continue to be updated, and the performance is expected to go up.
The company has been working for years, gradually refining its product matrix. The whole brand of the Wall's cars, including Haver, Wey, Ora, tanks and the Wall's pickups, covers suv, sedans, pickups, and is better profitable than the industry average. In the first half of 2021, the company sold its cars on a monthly basis.
The product line is well-developed. Sov is our main track in the car market, where competition in the industry is increasing and consumption is rising significantly. The Great Wall is home.
Market data: July 27, 2021, the head of suv, whose share in the autonomous brand suv has been rising steadily in recent years. The company ' s suv product is large, rich in configuration, more expensive in terms of sex, and a reasonable price gradient has been established for each model.
Highest/minimum in the year: Better compatibility with the market, better product matrix, higher market recognition and stronger competitive advantage. At the same time, firms are gradually laying up high-end and differentiated markets and sucking further.
The market share of the company’s suv product is expected to increase and provide a steady increase for the company, depending on its higher price competitiveness, differential competitive advantage and high market recognition.
Picah products are mature and the Great Wall cannons re-engineer its image as a strong leader. Since 2016, the domestic market for \triangleright pickups has shown a marked trend towards expansion, which has continued with the country ' s urbanization.
The policy of lifting the ban on pickups is gradually moving forward, promising to stimulate the release of the demand for pickups, thereby boosting the volume of pickups. The Wall is a leading manufacturer of pickup trucks in the country, with a share in the domestic market of more than 45% in 2020, and a mature and reasonably priced pickup product.
In the context of rising consumption trends, moving trends toward changing cars, and wider expansion of the Picard ban policy, the city’s pick-up model is expected to further expand sales and strengthen the company’s competitive position in the pickup market. A fully dynamic new energy market, with differentiated competitive advantages, quickly opening up the market.
\triangleright's share of new energy automobile products in the Autonomous Brand New Energy Car Market is rising, and the branding of O'La is a woman's market, with more individualized, customized attributes, more competitive market broken down, more folded up.
At the same time, the company continued to invest in high levels of research and development, building a global research and development and production system, and building three techniques: lemon, tank, coffee intelligence, ITC A, 69 West Street, Taiwon City.
The technological ecology of China's 28th West Side Street, Beijing City, will help to further enhance the company's product and brand image, while the country's new talent.
The tone of the 7th floor of the inter-centre, the gradual replacement of fuel by source cars, the space for new energy cars to develop, is basically well established, with the public Sanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
The gradual improvement of the Division’s new energy product lines and price gradients, and the gradual transformation of research and development results, are expected to help companies to do a major new energy vehicle business that provides growth points for their performance.
In recent years, companies have gradually upgraded their brand image and product quality, and there is a greater likelihood of future payments; at the same time, companies are in the suv, pickup markets.
Headlines are strong and are expected to provide a steady increase for companies, while firms gradually deepen in the high end of the suv and differential market distribution boards, and the full-fledged new energy vehicle market, which is expected to provide companies with increased performance; industrial policies are significantly adjusted; chip shortages persist; and raw materials costs are constantly increasing.
The long-deeper car was manufactured for many years and the autonomous brand suv is solidly established 1.1 has developed over 37 years, and has grown up in a stable home-owned brand, suv, for 37 years, and the Great Wall is a home-grown suv leader.
It is a Chinese brand of suv and new-energy automobile manufacturing, established in 1984 and based in the town of Pao Ding, Hebei Province, and listed in Hong Kong H and Hong Kong a in 2003 and 2011, respectively. The company has five brands of cars, namely, Haf, Wey, Eura, tanks, and Long Wall pickups, which cover three main categories of products: suv, sedans, pickups, and has autonomous support capabilities for core parts such as engines, speed changers, and more than 80 subsidiaries.
Figure 1: Corporate development process Private enterprises with a higher concentration of equity. The Great Wall Motors Company, Inc., is a private limited company with effective control over Mr. Wei Jianjun, who has 55.74 per cent of the shares in the Great Wall Motors Company Ltd., which is actually controlled by Mr. Wei Jianjun.
The equity structure of the Great Wall Automobile Company is conducive to improving the efficiency of business decision-making and promoting business operations. Figure 2: Corporate equity structure 2025 development strategy issued to guide rapid enterprise development.
To achieve an annual global sales of 4 million vehicles, 80 per cent of which are new energy vehicles, with operating revenues exceeding $600 billion; to reach 30,000 global researchers in 2023, of whom 10,000 are software developers, with cumulative R & D investment reaching $100 billion over the next five years; to realize a global market of 1 million in 2023; to position Sharon as a high-end brand; and to market the first product in 2022.
Cobalt-free stacking batteries, developed autonomously by nest energy, are expected to produce 215 gwh by 2025. In hydrogen energy, the build-up hydrogen, storage hydrogen, and the annual penetration rate of advanced autopilot preloads are more than 40%. In smart services, the share of software revenue will also rise from the current 15% to 60%.
The company’s operations have grown steadily. The company’s operations, which consist of the sale of automobiles, the sale of spare parts, the provision of labour, the model business and other business buses, have declined, rising to $92.39 billion in 2020, with a current revenue of 89.4%, followed by the sale of spare parts, the provision of labour, other trades, and the model business. At the same time, the company’s Māori rate of operations has fluctuated over a certain period of time, showing steady growth, including the sale of automobiles.
In 2016, the company sold more than one million cars a year, and the scale of sales has remained constant at more than one million. In 2019 and 2020, the industry was under pressure to sell more than one million cars a year.
By contrast, annual sales of companies have grown in a negative way, with year-on-year growth for two consecutive years, and have reached an all-time high of 11.16 million vehicles in 2020. In the first half of the year, the first was a period in which epidemiological factors inhibited the release of demand for vehicles during the same period in 2020, while the second was a period in which the company ' s high-quality brands continued to grow and its monthly sales continued to outrun the industry, with a cumulative volume of 61.82 million vehicles in the first half of the year, representing an increase of 56.47 per cent, compared with a 25.26 per cent increase in the same period in 2019.
Figure 6: The Great Wall ' s annual sales comparison suv business position has been strong in recent years, and high-end suv business exploration is progressing. The Wall ' s car, as the leading domestic manufacturer of suv automobile products, is under the flag of Huff and Wey, where Huff is positioned as an economic suv, and Wey is positioned as a light-luxury suv.
In the first half of 2021, the volume of Huff brand sales was 392,000, an increase of 49.3 per cent compared to the previous year, an increase of 11.0 per cent compared to the 2019h1; wey brand sales were 23,000, a decrease of 13.7 per cent compared to the previous year, a decrease of 51.0 per cent compared to the 2019h1.
The new "coffee" series has been designed to keep the Wey-style family design language, but the overall model is younger and more dynamic, with more sophisticated and intelligent technology, and is expected to boost the sales of the Wey brand when it comes to the market.
The Great Wall is gradually building a new energy-powered model, building a full-dimensional, process-wide new energy-powered solution, and building a new energy-driven automobile product that is leading the industry. The company launched c30ev in 2017, p8 in 2018, and Eurobra brands, iq and r1, and vv7phev and vv7gtphev in 2019; and the Euratom was launched as a new energy vehicle in 2020.
Since the release of the first new energy vehicle, the volume of new energy cars has increased year by year, reaching 58,000 vehicles in 2020, an increase of 55.3 per cent in the same year.
The Eura brand is independent, focusing on new energy vehicles. The Eura brand of new energy vehicles under the Great Wall has contributed to the company since its launch in 2018. In the first half of the year, the Eura brand sold 53,000 vehicles, with high growth rates compared to 2020h2, 2019h1, at 4569% and 94.5%, respectively.
The sales of the Great Wall’s car pickups, which have increased since 2015, have risen steadily, reaching 229,000 in 2020, an increase of 38.7 per cent compared to the previous year, and 118,000 in the first half of 2021. The new road to the Great Wall has been set up, and the product matrix has been refined. As the trend towards the spread of new energy vehicles and their consumption has continued, the Wall’s cars have become more active.
Building new energy vehicles and high-end consumption suv, which, on the one hand, have pre-positioned these two potential growth spaces in the future, become the company ' s main business spots and are expected to provide a sustained increase in the company ' s business: on the other hand, further refinement of the corporate product matrix and expansion of the industry 2. Industry: there is still room for growth in the automobile market, and the Great Wall ' s high-quality car layouts.
The three main categories of lids: suv, sedans, pickups, and pickups, the section focuses on the breakdown of the above-mentioned car market and the company’s well-structured car export market, and explores the scope for the company’s development of the main layout of the track.
By 2017, the domestic car market had experienced rapid growth, peaked in 2017, then declined slowly, and the country’s car market gradually shifted to an age of stock competition. The commercial car market grew steadily after 2017, and was expected to remain high, supported by demand, environmental protection, and so on.
As far as the cities of automobile consumption are concerned, the one-to-two-line cities are still the main cities of car consumption, and the sales are growing year by year, steadily accounting for almost half of the sales, and the four-to-five-line sales are shrinking year by year, and the regional downturn is expected to be less successful than the 2015 and 2020 space. As the economy of the three-to-four-line cities is warming, urbanization is progressing, and the downside policies of the cars are gradually spreading.
Figure 13: The proportion of cars sold at all levels of the city is currently growing in the automobile market, although there is still some downside pressure on automobile sales, and the drive to drive down demand in the submerger market is likely to be boosted by the drive-out of the drive-down policy.
The downward pressure on the car market is expected to be effectively mitigated, leading to a turn-up in the car market. 2.2 The heat in the suv is constant, competition in the industry is on the rise.
With more than 10 per cent, in 2018 the volume of sales in the automobile industry went down the same line, with the same volume moving down the same line. In terms of the distribution structure in the car market, the share of sales in the suv continued to rise and exceeded the car for the first time in 2020, reaching 46.9 per cent, but since 2017 the rate of growth has slowed, with the share of autonomous brands dropping from 60.0 per cent in 2017 to 47.4 per cent in June 2021.
The share of autonomous brands has also declined. In the long run, however, large domestic garages have invested considerable resources in the development and technological development of the suv model. As development experience and related technology continue to accumulate, the user recognition, performance advantages and excellence of the suv model have increased significantly; second, domestic consumers themselves have a high preference for the suv model; and third, the stock is preferred in the car market.
Small suv heat is no longer popular, large suv is more popular, and suv consumption is rising markedly. By car, the share of small suv sales fell from 23.2% to 17.6% compared to 2020 data; the share of compact suv sales rose from 51.9% to 54.7%;
The share of sales in type suv rose from 22.6% to 24.3%; the share of sales in medium-sized large suv rose from 2.3% to 3.4%; the share of autonomous brands declined overall, with consumption escalation and consumption split. The suv models were divided into autonomous brands and joint ventures, compared with the data for 2017 and 2020, and the share of autonomous brands declined from 16.7% to 9.6% in the small suv market; and in the compact suv market.
The share of autonomous brands declined from 35.1 per cent to 31.3 per cent; the share of autonomous brands increased slightly from 7.8 per cent to 8.0 per cent in the medium-sized suv market; the share of autonomous brands increased from 1.0 per cent to 1.4 per cent in the medium-sized suv market; the overall price of autonomous brands, suv, was lower than that of joint brands, and the brands were huge.
The bulk of the joint venture brands are concentrated in mid- and high-priced areas, while the owner brands are concentrated in low-priced areas, and the autonomous brands still need to be broken up. The higher number of autonomous brands is concentrated in small, compact and medium-sized Suv, compact and medium-sized Suv of $5-100,000, compact and medium-sized Suv of $10-15 million; the higher number of joint-venture brands is concentrated in small Suv of $10-15 million, compact Suv of $150 million,
Self-carriage, “big face” and multiple birth policies are expected to contribute to the sustained release of suv’s demand. In recent years, the number of domestic tourists has been growing, with the demand for self-carriage increasing, and self-carriage becoming the first-choice mode, and the number of people choosing to travel on their own has stabilized over the years.
With the rapid development of the national economy and the constant quest for quality of life, the total number of trips per year has grown rapidly, reaching 6.01 billion in 2019, of which 63.9 per cent are self-driving, and 2.88 billion are affected by the epidemic in 2020. The number of trips has decreased significantly to 2.88 billion, but the rate of self-driving has increased rapidly to 77.8 per cent, up from 13.9 per cent.
The main destinations are the western regions of Inner Mongolia, Qinghai, Sichuan, Yunnan, Xinjiang, Gansu, and others. Suv, because of its good passability, is a car that is well suited for self-driving. Subsequently, as the demand for self-driving increases, demand for Suv is expected to release further. Moreover, “face” remains an important consideration in domestic consumer consumption perceptions.
A significant proportion of Chinese car consumers, who still have the concept of “big face” consumption, promote sales of suv products. Moreover, with the introduction of the second and third-born policies, families with many children will consider more spatial suvs in car consumption, such as six and seven suv products, which may push up the suv heat.
The Great Wall auto brands are up, matching the upward trend in car consumption, and are active in high-end suv. Wey brands are born to position high-end, to create high-end fine suvs based on tidal plentiful ideas, and to achieve high-end leadership layouts in autonomous brands. The suv products under the Hover brands are gradually evolving towards fashion based on high relevance and high value for money.
Autonomous brands play hard-core cross-country fashions that reinforce the brand image of the Great Wall car “suv expert” and sound the horn of the Great Wall car’s winning high-end suv car market. 2.3 The tone of the new energy vehicle’s gradual replacement of the fuel vehicle is largely well established, and there is wide scope for subsequent increases.
2.3.1 The penetration rate has risen significantly, new energy cars have been sold in innovative ways, and new energy cars have been able to return to high levels of growth. In terms of sales, the domestic market for new energy vehicles grew rapidly in 2010-2018, and annual sales have continued to grow at a high rate; 209h2-2020h1, influenced by policies, demand, the economy, etc.
In the first half of 2021, new-energy automobile sales continued to outpace the industry, with new-energy automobile sales growing at an innovative rate of over 140 per cent per month, while sales grew at a similar rate. In terms of penetration rates, the penetration rate of new-energy vehicles increased significantly in 2021, according to the Central Gas Association.
In addition, by the end of June 2021, the country had 6.03 million new energy vehicles, up from 0.14 per cent in 2014 to 2.07 per cent in terms of vehicle ownership. New energy sources provided a major increase in the volume of new vehicles, and marketized developments made great strides.
The impact of factors such as production and demand differentials is that the overall performance of new energy vehicles is better than that of new energy commercial vehicles, providing a major increase in the market for new energy vehicles, and that, with the increasing recognition of new energy vehicles, there has been considerable progress in the marketization of new energy vehicles, with wide scope for subsequent development. Depending on the market for new energy vehicles, the performance of pure electric vehicles is better than that of plug-in vehicles.
Figure 24: New energy vehicle holdings (thousand, per cent) The share of the Wall ' s new energy vehicle product has steadily increased, and the Euro brand of the Wall has been uniquely positioned to target consumers. The share of the Great Wall ' s new energy product has increased significantly since it was marketed, with its Eura branding target consumers targeted at female consumers, most of which are small-sized and have been introduced.
Accurate, fashionable, and designed to meet the needs of female consumers. Depending on differentiated market positioning, Eura brands quickly opened up the new energy car market, contributing to a significant increase in the Great Wall.
As the world’s largest new energy car market, China’s combined and imported brands have gradually increased their research, development, and investment in new energy vehicles, and industry competition has continued to grow. More and more firms are laying out new energy vehicles, which, on the one hand, have greatly increased the competitive pressure on the brand new energy vehicle market, leading to a market for the brand new energy vehicle.
The annual decline, from 98 per cent in 2017 to 77 per cent in May 2021; on the other hand, it is expected to accelerate the process of marketing the new energy car market, and the leading firms are expected to increase their consumption of the new energy car, depending on their own costs, layouts, high-quality models, etc.
In the case of cars, the sales of a, b, and c-class cars have increased, while sales of small and compact suv have declined, and sales of medium and medium-sized suv have increased. In the case of cars, the sales of a00 cars have fallen from 70.3% to 34.2%, sales of a 0% to 0.5%, sales of a sedan have increased from 16.1% to 42.3%, sales of b cars have increased from 3.1% to 11.8%, and sales of c cars have increased from 0% to 0.5%.
On the suv side, the share of small suv sales declined from 61.9 per cent to 26.9 per cent, the share of compact suv sales declined slightly from 26.9 per cent to 25.6 per cent, the share of medium suv sales rose from 0 per cent to 25.5 per cent, and the share of large suv sales rose from 11.3 per cent to 22.0 per cent. As can be seen, the share of small new energy vehicles declined, the share of medium and large new energy vehicles increased, and the market for new energy vehicles showed a clear upward trend in consumption.
Autonomous brands are high-end and high-end new energy vehicles. Compared with the sales of new-energy cars at all levels in 2017 and 2020, the share of AEs with joint brands is significantly reduced in respect of cars, and the share of AEs at level a00 to a0 has never been rolled out; AEs at level a has been raised from 15.6 to 38.1 per cent, and joint ventures from 0.5 to 4.2 per cent;
The share of sales of autonomous brands dropped from 1.6 per cent to 1.2 per cent in class B cars and from 1.4 per cent to 10.6 per cent in joint ventures; the share of sales of autonomous brands in class C cars rose from 0 to 7.8 per cent and 3.4 per cent in joint ventures, respectively; in small suv, the share of sales of autonomous brands decreased from 61.9 per cent to 24.4 per cent in volume II; in compact suv, the share of sales of autonomous brands decreased from 26.9 per cent to 25.5 per cent in volume II.
The joint venture brand did not launch the class model; the share of autonomous brand sales increased from 0 to 15.9 per cent in medium-sized suv and from 0 to 9.6 per cent in joint ventures; and the share of autonomous brand sales increased from 11.3 per cent to 22.0 per cent in medium-sized suv, and the joint venture brand did not launch the class. As can be seen, whether it is the new energy car market or the new energy suv market, the distribution structure has shifted to the middle- and high-end market.
The total price of the Autonomous New Energy Sov is higher than that of the joint venture. The new energy source of the Autonomous brand versus the joint venture brand is 10,000 dollars of a sedan and 200,000 to 250,000 dollars of a class C sedan; the higher sales of the joint brand are concentrated in a class A car, 250,000 to 400,000 dollars of a class B sedan, and more than 400,000 dollars of a class C sedan.
In order to concentrate in low- and medium-cost areas, there is still room for high-end breakthroughs in the autonomous brand car. (2) New energy suv: Autonomous brand sales are concentrated in small suvs of $5-20 million, compact suvs of $100,000 to $250,000, medium-sized and medium-sized suvs of $250,000 or more; Joint venture brand sales are concentrated in small suvs of $200,000, medium suvs of $200,000 or more.
The main focus is on high-middle prices, while the autonomous brand suv is distributed on all prices, the price matrix is better, and the high-priced vehicle sales are as good as the joint venture brands. 2.3.3 Facilities are perfect, policy support is available, and the demand for new energy vehicles is released.
In recent years, the number of new energy car chargers has increased steadily, with 923,000 public and 1024,000 private chargers in June 2021. By June 2021, public chargers had increased by 65.3 per cent, and private chargers by 34.2 per cent.
Subsidies policy adjustments ease downward pressure and drive a gradual transition to market driven. On the one hand, as safety standards, infrastructure development, reprocessing, and associated standards are gradually being promulgated, the new energy policy system is being improved, creating a quality policy environment for industry’s long-term growth.
On the other hand, since 2017, new energy vehicle subsidies have been falling back, and the cost pressure on new-energy car manufacturers has gradually increased, while subsidies have been linked to continuous mileage, energy density, leading to industry “upgrades.” While the current extension of subsidies for new-energy vehicles has somewhat eased downward pressure on new-energy vehicles, “low-subsidization” and “subsidized slopes” have led to a policy-driven transition from a new-energy vehicle to a market-driven one.
First, the new energy automobile industry, as one of the country’s strategic and emerging industries, has continued its trend as one of the country’s major developments in the automobile industry. Second, the policies related to subsidies, double-centre policies, and restricted access, have been pursued in a step-by-step manner, driving the growth of demand for new energy cars from both the consumer and manufacturer levels. Third, in 2020, China was in the United Nations General Assembly.
Commitment to reach a peak in carbon dioxide emissions by 2030 and to achieve carbon neutrality by 2060. Under the double pressure of higher and sustained carbon emissions, reductions in the transport sector are important for achieving “carbon neutrality”, while the new energyization of automobiles is an important initiative to promote “carbon neutrality” in the transport sector. It can be said that countries have a clear carbon neutrality schedule and indirectly establish new energy sources to gradually replace fuel trucks.
The policy system is gradually improving, and it is expected to accelerate industrial development and technological upgrading. This year, we are in the energy and automobile industry. The main policy directions are to promote the construction of smart motor vehicles, the development of high-quality new energy vehicles, the advancement of new energy vehicles, key technologies for core parts and components of new energy vehicles, the closure of new energy vehicles, the construction of new infrastructure, the subsidy of downsides, the promotion of auto consumption, the promotion of new energy vehicles, and so on.
The gradual improvement of the basic services policy system, such as charging and switching power, is expected to drive industrial technological upgrading, demand upgrading, and industrial development from the demand and supply sides.
In the light of the above, we believe that the rationale for the gradual replacement of fuel by new energy vehicles has gradually been established and that the industry has been given the following: In the short term, the overall situation with regard to disease control has improved, driven by policy activities such as the accumulation of cars from the countryside, and the growth of new energy vehicles in 2021 is more certain, and according to the Sino-Associational data, it is expected that the number of new energy vehicles will reach 1.8 million in 2021, a 40 per cent increase over the same period.
In the medium term, there is still room for growth in the automobile market, and the system of policy and technological innovation is being optimized, with the addition of domestic and international full-scale plant layouts and code additions, which are expected to lead to an improved matrix of new energy automobile products, an overall increase in competitiveness that supports the rising penetration of new energy vehicles, demand, and, in the long run, the overall improvement of the technology system, both to expand the marginal demand for new energy vehicles and to make up for the existence of pure electric cars.
Weaknesses, fuel cell cars moving from demonstration to promotion, energy-saving reduction needs to accelerate the process of the new energy car industry, and new energy vehicles are expected to gradually replace traditional motor vehicles into the mainstream. New energy vehicle space measurements: 32 million vehicles are expected to be sold annually in 2025, and new vehicles are sold 20% of the total.
Around; 38 million vehicles sold in 2030, about 30 per cent of new vehicles sold in new energy vehicles; 40 million vehicles sold in 2035 and over 50 per cent in new energy vehicles. The Road Map for Energy Conservation and New Energy Vehicle Technology 2.0 sets out the general road map for our automobile industry and the road map for priority areas, which defines the scale of our automobile industry, its targets for fuel consumption, its share of production and technology.
Routes, etc., where we have sorted out the targets for fuel consumption and the content of the production and distribution structure, and on the basis of the historical performance of our automobile sales, we have measured the scale of the sale of vehicles in different power forms at key time nodes, with a steady increase in the market of 2.4 pica in 2025, 2030 and 2035, followed by room for growth.
The market for pickups is vast. We have a low level of permeability of pick-up trucks, below the global average, and a very large number of more than 10,000. Since 2016, the number of pick-up trucks has multiplied than the total number of cars, and the market size has increased markedly.
As the country’s urbanization efforts continue, the demand for construction in various industries continues to expand, and the use of pickup trucks accelerates, the volume of pickups is expected to increase. The policy of lifting the ban will release more demand for pickup trucks.
By the end of 2020, some 90 municipalities had responded to and developed an awareness-raising policy, increasing the regional market for unrestricted pickups from 20 per cent to 40 per cent, and the provinces with a complete or partial ban on pickup trucks were Yunnan, Liaoning, Jilin, Hebei, Henan, Xinjiang, Hubei, Shandong, Jiangxi, Guizhou, Zhejiang, Guangxi, Hunan, Shanghai, Chongqing, etc.
In addition, commercial pick-ups are used mainly in engineering, transport, and municipal areas in China. According to China's pickup network, the pickup policy will also accelerate the release of the eight main needs of pickups in the field of civilian use, sand-filling, rock climbing, camping, cycling, Luya, and motorcycles.
The roll-out of the super-car ban is expected to stimulate the release of the pickup demand, which will lead to an increase in the volume of pickups. The Great Wall Car Picket market, which is a product of great excellence, is already a commercial product in the field of pickups, and a good reputation has been laid in the market for many years. By market, the series will be launched as soon as it is launched.
It gained a high level of subject matter, rekindled the attention of the Multi-Pica Market, reinforced the brand image of the Great Wall car “Pika Specialist” and consolidated the company’s leading position in the domestic pickup market. 2.5 car exports are yet to be expanded.
There has been an overall increase in car exports, which have yet to be highly sophisticated. Between 2015 and 2020, the number of car exports and the amount of exports have generally shown a growing trend; the volume of imports and the amount of imports have generally shown an upward trend; the average amount of one-car exports has fallen first and then risen, and the average amount of one-car imports has increased. In 2019, the number of cars exported to our country reached 1,215,000, the highest in recent years, in 2020.
There are still significant differences between the amount of our car exports and the amount of our imports. Similarly, the average single-car exports are on average US dollars, while the average single-car imports are on the rise to US$ 5054 in 2020.
The average amount of bicycle exports is only 29 per cent of the average amount of bicycle imports. Therefore, the creation of high-end brands and high-quality products will be one of the main topics of the autonomous branding enterprise.
The Wall’s car was exported as early as 1998, and was China’s first car company to walk out of the country. Currently, five regional marketing centres in Russia, Australia, South Africa, South America, and the Middle East have completed more than 60 countries and regions.
Field layout, with 69,000 vehicles exported in 2020. 3. Companies: with suv and pickups, new energy vehicles pull on, company share of 3.1 suv rises steadily in the future, and explosive vehicle type rises frequently.
In terms of specific vehicle types, the highest sales were made in recent years, with the Hover brand model being ranked first on the suv list. The Wey brand model also rose and dropped, with 10,000 vehicles in December 2020 and 0.47 million in June 2021. Wey brands have the largest sales of newly marketed “mocka” vehicles, followed by vv6.
The new vehicles to be listed are "Machito" and "Latte." Tank 300 is based on the "Smart Luxury Outland Suv" built by the Great Wall Smart Autonomy Platform. Since it was launched in December 2020, a double harvest of slogans and sales has taken place, and the first full month after it was marketed, over 6,000 vehicles have been sold, 7160 in June 2021. Currently, due to capacity constraints, the lift has been running for more than three months.
It is expected that sales will continue to increase with the upgrade and successive roll-out of other vehicle types of tank brands.
Figure 48: Wey's branded car, Figure 49: Tank's branded vehicle The Great Wall car suv's market share in the autonomous brand suv has risen steadily.
The share of the product in the autonomous brand suv market fell first, from 23% in 2015 to 15% in 2017, followed by a tight-scale suv market with a high degree of recognition and other vehicle-type increment. At the stage of the split, the congested suv product of the Great Wall in 2020 showed the best performance, with a market share of 16.4% in the autonomous brand suv, while the small, medium-sized suv, medium-sized and large cars of the Wall had their share of 16.4%.
Sov has a poor market share of only 0.4%, 0.5%, and 0.5% respectively in the autonomous brand suv. In the compact suv area, the Wall has a star product, Huffh6, which is consistently ranked first on the list of tight suv sales, as well as a wealth of compact suv products through Huffm6, Huffff7, Huffff5, Huffh4, Huffh5, Haffer dog, weyvv6, Weyvvv5 and so on.
Lines, which form a powerful advantage and rule in this vehicle-style area, are currently selling small-scale Sov products in the Wall only in Hafh1, Hafh2, medium-sized Suv products only in Hafh7, weyvv7 and medium-sized Sov products only in Hafh9, which are not sufficiently rich and newer. As the Great Wall’s bus lines are enriched, there is much room for growth in the future in small, medium, and medium-sized Suv.
Figure 51: The Great Wall car’s share of the autonomous brand suv market The Grand Wall’s suv price gradient is reasonable and provides a rich choice for consumers. The selection of the suv model, which sells more than 5,000 vehicles annually on the market, compares with the sale price range of the different models, with a reasonable price gradient for the Wall’s models, with a price compared to the market.
A good match, with a stronger price competitiveness. Small suv prices are lower than the average prices for small suvs of autonomous brands; the condensed suv product of the Great Wall vehicles is rich, and prices largely cover the full range of tight suv prices of autonomous brands, providing consumers with a rich choice: medium suv prices are significantly lower than the average prices of medium suvs of autonomous brands: medium and large suv prices are slightly lower than the average prices of large suvs of autonomous brands.
Moreover, the tendency of joint brands to explore prices for joint venture suv products in order to further capture market shares is one of the main reasons for the annual decline in the market share of autonomous brands suv. As the new energy suv product lines of domestic and foreign competitors are further enriched and refined, the price of suv products continues to be explored, and manufacturers of autonomous brands suv will face greater pressure to compete for market shares.
In the increasingly competitive Sov market, differentiated brand competitiveness is the unique advantage of the Wall's car. The Wall Car, with its “focus, professional, expert” brand concept, focuses on the area of Sov, creating a unique brand image in the consumer's mind.
Huffh6 is a star car under the Great Wall flag, standing at the top of the list of suv sales, and has won the country's annual suv sales champion for eight years in a row. The first generation of Huffh6 was launched in the second half of 2011, while the first generation of Huffh6 was launched in the second half of 2011.
Accumulated brands such as Gilly Global Eagles, 7 and Santa Fe, are rare. Since the joint brands, represented by popular view, Hondacrv, Toyotarav4, have been well sold at each other’s time, making such products, such as condensed suv, big-space, useful, and “faced” images, have become popular, so the joint brands have done early and tight suv market expansion in China’s market.
The car chooses to launch a compact suv-haverh6 at one time, without reopening the market, taking advantage of an autonomous brand, and providing consumers with a similar suv product at a lower price than a joint venture brand. So, when Huffh6 is launched, with its own mature and stable design and good product power, quickly builds up good slogans and spreads them, building up a good brand image early on.
Since then, high-quality images and slogans have been built with dots, with star models, and the Hover brand has built a well-developed product series of small, compact, medium-sized, and medium-sized suv products that provide consumers with a rich choice of products to further enhance their competitiveness. Wey brands are designed to match China’s consumer needs with light luxury, fashion, and technology concepts.
The creation of the Wey brand is an important strategic component of the Great Wall Car "Show Up" and a classic example of high-end branding of autonomous brands. For example, the Flagship Vv7 model, which has a high sense of shape and beauty, interiors, air luxury, and smart technology such as driving aids, connections, etc., is well configured to suit the aesthetics and needs of young Chinese consumers.
The model is further rejuvenated and refined in the design and enhances the functionality and application of intelligent configurations to further attract young consumers. Figure 55: vv7 and mocha tank brands are used for accurate end-of-life escalation, opening the era of "tidal races." The tank brand is located in a hard-to-field suv-type vehicle.
The tank 300, which became a popular brand, blew up a segmented market hotspot and sold much more than the same type of car. The tank 300 design, with hard and fashion features, struck precisely the needs of young users of consumption upgrading. The tank 300 also introduced a limited version of tidal cars such as Cyber Tanks, Tank Rangers, Windwood Riding, branded as a “tidal game” car brand, targeting young tidal user circles with precision.
The tank brand will also introduce two heavy-pound vehicles, tank 700 and tank 800, with the prospect of further opening and detonation of the large and full-size hard-pixed cross-country vehicle-type market.
The size, configuration and value of the suv under the Great Wall are high. The Huff and Wey brands have clear advantages compared to their own brand models in terms of space size, security class configurations, technology class configurations, etc. The share of new energy vehicles has increased rapidly, and the product lines have yet to be refined.
In recent years, China's share of new energy cars has been able to take advantage of the market's popularity, with a larger share of blackcats, reaching 0.34 million in 2020. The market share of the Wall's new energy vehicle product has been rising steadily.
Source car sales have been increasing, and the share of the Wall ' s new energy vehicle product in the new energy vehicle market has been increasing steadily, from 1.2 per cent in 2017 to 8.3 per cent in 2020.
At the level of the vehicle, the a00 class is excellent and other product lines need to be improved. In 2020, the new energy source of the Great Wall car was sold with only one medium suv, the new energy source of the Weyvv7 and the market share of the new energy source of the autonomous brand was 5.6%, while the other suv class did not deliver the product. In the area of the new energy car, the Great Wall car was primarily placed in the a00 class black cat and white cat, and in the new energy source of the autonomous brand.
The share of cars in the market is 9.1%, and the share of cars of class a0 is 0.3%, and the share of cars of class a is 0.3%, while the share of class Iq is 0.1%, while the products of other class cars are not being delivered. The Wall is not yet well-developed, and there is much room for growth in all levels.
In terms of prices of the products, the price range of the installed vehicles is reasonable and the price gradient is yet to be improved. The selection of new energy vehicles with annual sales of more than 1,000 on the market, based on the range of prices of the different types of vehicles, is reasonable in terms of the new types of vehicles that have been placed in the Wall. The price range of the a00 class is slightly higher than the average price of the autonomous brand of a00 class vehicles; the price of a0 class vehicles is consistent with the price of the autonomous brand of a0 class vehicles, and the price of a class is reasonable in terms of the range of prices.
Close to the average price of an autonomous brand-a-class car, the medium-suv price range is significantly lower than the average price of an autonomous brand-sized medium-suv. Currently, the Great Wall ' s new energy vehicle product line is not well developed, and the distribution of the price range will become even better and more rational as the new model of the Great Wall ' s vehicle is phased in, leading to a further upward trend in the company ' s share and income.
Although the Great Wall is in the lead in autonomous brands, the pressure from competitors is still strong. Except for the electric brand, Eura, the Wall is a little slow in the process of electro-dynamicization of the product.
Co-operator model p8, but not successful in the market, with the end result that the market is closed down. The currently sold plug-in hybrid model also sells poorly. The currently high-selling brand of the new autonomous suv model includes one, which is ideal, which is unv, Ures6, ec6, es8, Eweerx5, pelican g3, Vimaex5, Biadezonpro’s new energy source, Tang Xin, Yuan Xin, Hiroshima, aionv, aiony, Chirre Xi, etc.
The higher number of joint ventures or imported brands of new energy suv are Teslamodry, modelx, Odyq2le-tron, Mercedes eqc, Honda's new energy sources, popular exploration gte, and the id.4 series.
In the case of cars, female consumers tend to prefer small cars, and the current A- and below-size models introduced by Eura satisfy the preference of female consumers for small cars. In the case of car design, female consumers prefer fashionable designs, for example, cat-types, with cute retro-looking designs and tidal interior designs.
The style, which meets the female consumer's aesthetic preferences for cars, enhances the individualization, customization of the product itself, and greatly enhances market competitiveness. In marketing, in collaboration with make-up, brands of makeup, constant fine-making, demands for respect, attention, and meeting women's needs, make every female user feel respected, cared for, cared for, protected, and continuously multiplyed emotional marketing and production with female consumers.
Emotional resonance, which is expected to help companies attract their client groups, leads to higher sales of products. 3.3 pickups are mature, have a strong leader, and their sales remain high. The Great Wall Motors Company is also the leading manufacturer of the country's leather truck model, the owner of the leather truck under the flag.
This includes the windmill series and the cannon series, which are mainly for commercial use, while the cannon series has commercial, multi-use and off-road versions. The Great Wall pick-up series has been popular with consumers since it was marketed, with monthly sales stable at around 10,000. The Great Wall pick-up market share has grown rapidly since 2018, with 45.8 per cent of the domestic pickup market in 2020.
Piccards are rich in lines and are reasonably priced. From the range of prices for the different types of pickups, the Great Wall car products form a reasonable price gradient, covering the price ranges of the mainstream pickup products, providing a rich range of options for pickup consumers. Figure 67: Great Wall pick-up trucks
The Great Wall Gun series of pickups is reshaping the image of the pickup truck. The Wall cannons, using the front fork-arm stand-alone stand-off and the rest of the blockbridges, focus on the comfort of day-to-day driving. The Wall cannons are equipped with a central deviation lock, a forward and forward bridge power break-off lock, super-speed automatic locking, and a hard cross-country exclusive and robust cross-country equipment that greatly enhances the ability of vehicles to escape.
Imaginations, driving pickups into everyday life, even into cross-country toys, re-created the image of pickup trucks. With rising consumption trends, moving traffic trends, and the wider spread of pickup policies, the Great Wall pickup model is expected to further expand sales and market shares.
3.4.1 Second-hand cars have a higher rate of second-hand car protection. The Wall vehicles are ranked second in the Autonomous Brand ' s ranking compared to other autonomous brands, after General Mitsubishi.
In small suv, Huffh2s is ranked second; in compact suv, Huffh6 is ranked first, in medium suv, Weyvv7 is ranked fourth, and Haffh7 is ranked fifth; in medium suv, Haffh9 is ranked first. The high value margin reflects the strong, good quality, high retention and high popularity of the Wall ' s vehicles. Car companies often need to develop and accumulate over a long period of time.
The current state of the market pattern, which has the potential to create a higher rate of preservation, is also a deep moat and a high barrier in the competition for cars, which will facilitate the continued upward development of the Wall and provide strong support for the further development of the company ' s automobile export business.
3.4.2 The establishment of a global R & D and production system has gradually led to the creation of a global synergy system. The Great Wall automobiles have been set up in Japan, the United States, Germany, India, Austria, and the Republic of Korea to create a global R & D layout with Chinese headquarters at their core, covering Europe, Asia, and North America.
Bases, Pao Ding, Xu Shui, Tianjin, Chongqing Yongchuan, Jiang Sutai State production bases have been completed, and projects have been initiated or started on the Great Lakes of Jiangsujia, Shan Dongzhiyang and Zhejiangping. Overseas, the Great Wall has built kd factories in several countries, including Ecuador, Malaysia, Tunisia and Bulgaria, and has set up a sole-owned plant in Russia, the first of the autonomous branded automobile companies to build a full-scale vehicle with four major processes abroad.
The development of a global synergy system further boosts corporate R & D capabilities and production efficiency, thus supporting the sustained release of corporate operations. 3.4.3 Build three advanced technology platforms, form the “Technology Wall” to build technology eco- and technology brands, enhance brand image and integrate competitiveness.
With more than $20 billion in investment, three technology brands have been created: Lemon, Tank, Coffee Smart, and a technology ecology that integrates autopilot, smart cabin, efficient fuel, and new energy. The company has released lemon mixes, which are the world’s leading efficient, high-performance mix, breaking the monopoly of joint ventures, setting new directions for China’s hybrid technology, while the company’s traditional fuel power generation and automatic rate of change.
The use of modular technology platforms will significantly reduce the production costs and the cycle of research and development in automobiles, which will lead to maximizing the profits of automobiles and increasing the value of their products, thereby significantly enhancing the competitiveness of firms. Moreover, technology branding is an important part of branding, and in the early years foreign branding companies have been very active.
The creation and marketing of brand names, such as the mqb and meb platforms for the general public, the tnga architecture for Toyota, and the quattro of Audi, have been very effective. The Great Wall automobile, as the leading company of China’s autonomous branding companies, will create and promote its own technology brands, which will help to raise awareness and brand image, bringing the distance between consumers and consumers.
Modular lemon platforms, which are internationally advanced for labels, enhance product competitiveness. The Great Wall Lemon platform has five core points: globalization, modularization, high performance, high security, and light quantification. The Lemon platform is a modular technology platform that covers levels a0 to d, suv, sedans, mpv, and can reduce car-making costs and car-building times by quickly adjusting the size of the platform. The Lemon platform can combine four power options.
High-efficiency fuel power, mixed power, pure electric power, hydrogen energy. According to the Wall ' s car plan, the heat efficiency of conventional and mixed power engines will reach 41% and 42% in 2022, respectively, and 51.5% in 2025. At this stage, the lemon platform will produce a pure electric vehicle model for the maximum of 700 km of Nedc. The first hydrogen fuel vehicle based on the lemon platform will be launched soon.
The concept of "full safety" based on passenger safety, pedestrian safety, and vehicle safety has been developed in such a way that stringent safety standards such as those in Europe and the United States are fully taken into account during the development phase of vehicles. In light of quantification, the lemon platform follows the concept of "appropriate materials in the right place" and ensures light-quantified performance from the design, material, structure, and process.
It has been shown that the upper layers of the third generation Hafh6 of a and b columns are already more than 1,000 MPa, the inner layers of a column are close to 1,500 MPa and the inner layers of b were close to 2,000 MPa. The introduction and use of the lemon platform will help improve the overall competitiveness of the Great Wall's automobile products.
The tank platform is a modular technology platform with a high spread to support the development of the b to d+ class suv and leather truck type. On the power side, the tank platform covers three power forms, ice, phev, and hev, and the conventional high-efficiency engine achieves 38% of the optimal engine heat efficiency.
On cross-country configurations, tank platforms are equipped with reliable hard-pitched smart four-drive systems, super-sized active hangar systems, electroshocks, active stabilizers, and three low speed locks to cope with complex road conditions. Extreme cross-country parameters and super-high cross-country capabilities make tank platforms super competitive.
Cards are blank in this area, with a competitive advantage of differentiation, and will be a powerful push for "brands up." Smart coffee platforms, smart as a first step. The Café smart platform is a car-to-car smart brand, covering smart cabins, smart driving, and smart electrical and electrical structures, and is a smart system for future operations. For smart drivers, the importance of safety is self-evident. Coffee is smart.
The six large redundant systems available on the platform will provide security for intelligent drivers. The sensor redundancy system will contain 8 mm wave radars, 8 cameras, 3 solid-state laser radars, 12 ultrasound radars, high-precision maps and multi-sensor programmes. The controller will be redundant and will operate on a full-time basis using two controllers.
Double circuit design; brake redundancy, with two separate electronic braking control units for Esp and ibooster; switch to redundancy, with two-way power sets, two-power position sensors, two-cpu, two-control devices. Unlike other autonomous branding companies, which mainly focus on smart car systems and smart driving systems, the Café Smart Platform launched by the Wall is a comprehensive intelligent platform covering soft and hardware systems, which is intelligent and intelligent.
On the supply chain, upstream suppliers include hives, Bozos, mainlands, Fareo, Haman, Scheffer, Delfort, Ceevu, Tensho, Bogwala, Hira, Mallé, Otolive, Jiangsen, Bozer, etc.
The hive is a fully-funded component subsidiary under the Great Wall's car flag, which covers power systems, transmission systems, power-driven systems, and intelligent transfer systems. Its autonomous products such as the gw4n20 engine, 9hdct-transaction p2-mixed 9-speed-wet bi-ionional converter are technologically competitive. The beehive is easily invested in nearly $1 billion in order to complete a total surface area of 20,000 m2, transmission, power, power, power, etc.
Turns to four major test centres and an accompanying full-car test site, with cae simulation and test-marking capabilities ranging from spare parts to the whole car. Production is centralized with the international import of advanced automation equipment, using flexible, automated and informative production concepts, standardized production, and the plant layout is maintained, Xu Shui, Tianjin and Yang medium-sized, with an annual capacity of millions. Other international "big-plate" manufacturers provide long-city vehicles.
The main components are chassis systems, power transmission systems, transition systems, electrical and electronic systems, control systems, security equipment, and other equipment. Each vehicle is usually composed of tens of thousands of parts and components, and the Wall insists on working from its source with the world-renowned auto parts and components to build high-quality automobile products.
At the end of the income spectrum, the Great Wall automobiles have continued to grow at the leading rate. In 2020, in the context of the epidemic, corporate sales grew against the city, the Great Wall cars have grown at the same rate, with a total annual revenue of $103,308 million, which has reversed the downward trend in the size of the crop and returned to the hundreds of billions, second only to the upper gas groups and Biadi, with a similar rate of 8.62 per cent in comparison to the comparable public departments.
The growth rate was 40.89%, 150.62%, of which the same rate of increase was significantly ahead of 83.79% for the plate as a whole, the company received the same amount as for the Chang An vehicle as for comparable companies, and since 2019q3, the company has received the same amount of revenue as for the single quarter as for the same year as for the single quarter. Cars, a single-breath emancipation, Chinese irons, Jiang Xiaohua cars, and Xiaokang’s shares; and (3) the North Coal Blue Valley, with insufficient comparable data, added Gilly cars.
In terms of profitability, the overall profit level of the Great Wall is higher than the industry average. In 2020 and in 2021q1, the net profit on corporate return was, respectively, equal to RMB.
In terms of profit margins, in 2020 and 2021q1, the company ' s Māori rate, net interest rate, and net asset rate of return increased on the same basis, higher than during the same period of the plate, and the company ' s Māori rate continued to be high compared to comparable companies.
Compared to companies, the scale of the company’s R & D costs is much different from that of the upper-mortality group, Biadi, which is significantly higher than that of the Volkswagen Group, Gilley, which is slightly lower than that of Chang An, but the gap is gradually narrowing and, as R & D results shift, is expected to help companies further increase their profitability. In terms of operational capacity, the overall level of operation of the Wall’s cars is higher than the industry average.
(b) In 2020, the total turnover rate of the company was 0.77 times, the total turnover of assets was faster, the sales capacity was higher, the assets were more efficient and comparable to the firm's business was more robust, profitable and operated better than the average industry, and the cost rate was lower, high R & D was sustained, and the profits were higher than the average industry.
During the first half of 2021, vehicle sales continued to take the lead in high-quality brands such as Haf, Ora, and tanks, with net profit returns expected to grow by 205.19% more than in the same year. After that, the company developed faster, the new series was published more frequently, the product was better publicized, and the likelihood of an explosion was higher, with the prospect of a further increase in sales.
In the case of suv, the company ' s market share in the autonomous brand suv has risen steadily in recent years as the head of the country ' s suv. First, the company ' s suv has a large space, a rich configuration, a relatively high value for money, and a reasonable price gradient for each model, with a better match with the market, and second, the Huff brand product matrix, with a high H6 and a high level of market recognition, while wey branding is a light-luxury suv, tank branding is hard.
As the company’s product lines are further improved, depending on its higher price competitiveness, differential competitive advantage, and high-quality brands, the company’s market share of the product is expected to increase and provide a steady increase for the company. For pickups, the company is the leading manufacturer of the domestic leather truck, with a domestic market share exceeding 45% in 2020, and a stable domestic pickup truck.
The company’s pickup product matures and creates a reasonable price gradient. The Great Wall Gun series has re-created the image of a pickup truck, and, with the upward trend in consumption, the upward trend in car swaps and the wider spread of the pickup policy, the Great Wall pickup model is expected to further expand its sales and market share and consolidate the company’s competitive position in the pickup market.
In the case of new-energy cars, the share of the Wall ' s new-energy car product in the autonomous brand new-energy vehicle market has been rising, with the model of a car blast, the Eura brand positioning of women ' s markets, a more individualized, customized identity, a more competitive market segment, a more sophisticated marketing mix, and an increased sales drive. At the same time, companies have continued to invest in high R & D, building a global R & D and production system, and creating lemons, tanks, etc.
The three technology brands of “coffee intelligence” have created a technological ecology that integrates “automated driving, smart cabin, efficient fuel, and new energy.” Moreover, the tone of the gradual replacement of fuel by new domestic energy vehicles has been largely established, there is considerable scope for the development of new energy vehicles, and with the gradual improvement of the company’s new energy product lines and price gradients, as well as the gradual transformation of research and development results, it is hoped that the company will help it to do a major new energy vehicle business that will provide growth in company performance.
In summary, companies hold high-quality brands, have a good reputation for products, develop faster designs, have better price zones and market interfaces, and have a more frequent series of new models of different styles and have a more competitive advantage. In recent years, companies have gradually improved their brand image and product quality, and there will be a greater likelihood of future bursting: at the same time, companies are well positioned in the suv, pickup markets, and are expected to provide firm incremental growth.
And the company’s gradual deepening of the market at the end of the suv and differential marketing authority, the full-fledged new energy vehicle market, is expected to provide the company with a growth point in its performance, support the company’s rising valuation, and maintain the company’s “buy-in” rating. Since the company’s business composition is largely derived from revenue from automobile sales, our profitability projections are based on the following assumptions:
(i) It is assumed that annual growth in the Huff series (25 per cent, 15 per cent, 10 per cent) will be assumed in 2021-2023, and (2) wey (2) vehicle sales will be less than expected; (3) consumers of new products will be less receptive;
(4) Significant adjustment of industrial policy; (5) persistent chip shortage; (6) continuing increase in raw material costs.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.