China's iron construction (601186.sh) research on the dynamics of the Chinese company The Army's good genes have gradually grown into an integrated construction group
$1005052260002 huangjw@cfsc.com.cn formerly an LAF railway soldier who worked deep in the field of railway road construction
The company, as a major construction company, has remained stable for many years at the top three of the “250 largest contractors on the whole” of the Enr, with a significant core advantage: 1) technology reserves.
Deep, the company is one of the largest and most fully qualified enterprises in the industry, leading the technologically advanced industries in the fields of underwater construction, magnetic suspended engineering, leading 10 national priority R & D projects, and national research subjects.
The complete industrial chain covering scientific research, planning, surveying, design, construction, supervision, maintenance, operation and investment finance has been successfully built, covering a wide range of areas that can provide one-stop solutions for different clients.
In June of that year, the first example of a Chinese company was the unbundling iron construction company, which was listed on the board of science and technology; In June 22, the capital market was successfully launched, and a proactive embrace of the capital market helped to strengthen the capacity of companies to finance and promote a virtuous cycle of investment in infrastructure.
The company earned $798.42 billion in operating income in the first three quarters of 22nd year, ranking in eight major buildings. Third, the increase was 8.6 per cent in the same year; net profit returns to mothers were $18.747 billion, an increase of 4.9 per cent in the same year; profitability was stable; and net operating cash outflows were $1,168 million, compared to negative net outflows of $1,168 million.
Over the same period of the year, 47,063 million dollars were lost, representing a steady return of receivables and tax returns.
The dominant share was over 85 per cent for the fifth consecutive year, with engineering contracts in 2021 and new contracts of $1,862.59 billion for engineering contracting operations in 2022, underpinned by steady growth in the performance of the Growth Division.
Businesses such as real estate, industrial manufacturing, survey design and consulting separate collections are relatively high and can effectively lead to higher corporate profitability when the project is completed in conjunction with the core business.
Internal and external resonance, Betacón: In 23 years, the capital sector remained an important pillar of “stable growth and increased domestic demand”. 1) Government investment was high. In 2023, local governments added a special debt.
At 3.8 trillion yuan, the release rhythm prep or to be continued can be proposed for capital projects. In 2025, we will add 19,000 kilometres of railway operations, 30,000 kilometres of road access, and 10,000 kilometres of urban orbital transport operations to the left.
Right. We believe that domestic capital investment will continue to grow at a high rate in 2023, and that stability will be needed to guarantee steady growth in corporate engineering contracting. Outside: coincides with the tenth anniversary of the One-way initiative, the third, One-way initiative.
In 2021, the Saudi Public Investment Fund (Pif) issued a five-year investment plan setting out stages for infrastructure development.
Saudi Arabia plans to build a total of 6,400 km of highways over the next five years, upgrade 49,000 km of single-line roads to a repeat road, level 144,000 km of dirt roads, and continue to promote a network of railways across the mainland bridge for more than 2,000 km.
Projects. In 2022, companies signed new overseas orders amounting to $306.05 billion, an increase of 18.95 per cent over the previous year, which exceeded the country’s newly signed contracts, and was the largest in eight major buildings.
Major projects such as Road, Qatar's Luthor Stadium, and the Moscow subway account for 40% + per cent of Bidal's overseas operating revenues in the “one-way” country. We believe that the recovery of international engineering will be accelerated along the way of a summit or a build-up of domestic infrastructure.
With the increase in investment in absolute terms, the industry as a whole is expected to boost company performance by only 0.60 pb, with a revalued over-elasticity. On November 21, 2022, the “China Character Valuation System” was first introduced.
Previously, the domestic valuation criteria for enterprises were single and lower, and there was a need to add multiple factors to the valuation system to establish the corresponding valuation criteria for different industries. The 2023 system for the appraisal of the National Investment Commission's performance indicators was from a "two-for-four rate" to a "two-for-four" rate.
Adjusting to a “one-for-one-for-five” ratio, excluding net profit, operating income profit, and adding new net asset rate of return (ROe) and operating cash ratios. With the guidance of the test indicators, the company is expected to continuously improve the quality of its capital returns and the quality of its operations to achieve valuation.
We believe that, as a high-quality company, the pb is currently only in the context of the “China Character Valuation System” and that the company has an overvalued value. (1) capital recovery is not as strong as expected; (2) policy support is not as strong as expected;
Wong Joon-woo: B.A. in Civil Engineering and M.A. in Finance, University of Al-Qaeda, more than five years of experience in building materials research and three years of experience in building materials.
The study is directed at building materials and new materials. It reflects my research views. I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, either for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on the Helium Index; the United States market is based on the Dow Jones Index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should independently assess the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.