Short-term profit-making pressure on product prices, performance rating for the three-quarters of 2025 Shanghai Vegetables (stock code: 002252)
14.6 per cent decrease; net operating cash flow of $691 million, an increase of 34.0 per cent over the same period. For the third quarter, corporate operating income was $2.14 billion, an increase of 3.7 per cent over the same period; net repatriation profits were $441 million, a positive increase over the return of the q3 battalion, and Maori rates and profit pressures remained high.
The rate was 37 per cent, down by 4 pct, and our analysis is mainly due to the demand for blood products in the market terminals this year □ chingpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn annual h1 product sales, the decline in the same ratio of human blood proteins and static props, and the increase in the high Māori factor class.
Quick. 1) Revenue from home-grown proteins is 679 million yuan, a 15.18 per cent decline in the same year, and the Māori rate is 39.09 per cent. Imports Song Lío protein revenue is 1,899 million yuan, a 2.85 per cent decrease in the same year, and Māori income is 16.67 per cent.
One hundred million yuan, an increase of 2.40 per cent in the same year, and a Māori rate of 78.27 per cent. 4) Testing equipment and reagent operating revenue are more than 300 million dollars of the company’s combined competitive blood products, with a proposed cut in the first three quarters of 2025. Shanghai Lax has now built six blood production bases covering Shanghai, Chungzhou, Hoyo, Wenzhou, Nanning, and Hsiyang.
In addition, Guangxiles is in the pilot production phase, awaiting completion of the trial production and registration of medicines, and the research and development system continues to improve to support innovative drug management lines.
The primary sr604 injection is a monoclonic anti-institutional agent for vibrating protein c, active combinations of humans, special properties, relative depth of 300. Sr604 has adapted to haemophilia.
To enter the iib phase of clinical trials; new applications for clinical trials for the preventive treatment of haemorrhage for vascular haemorrhage have been accepted by the National Drug Control Service.
1. [Galactic Medicines] company review report _ Shanghai Lace (002252.sz): Performance continues to grow, slurry innovation is high 2. [Galactic Medicines] company review report _ Shanghai Lace
(002252.sz): Growth in revenue was over-expected and profits were subject to a one-time review by the company _ Shanghai Lace (002252.sz): q3 performed in line with expectations, slurry + decomposition
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.