Elephthalmology (300015.sz) The Chinese eye chain has benefited from an increase in the cost of upgrading and demand for ophthalmology services.
El ophthalmology is the leading Chinese and world-class ophthalmology chain, operating more than 330 ophthalmological facilities around the world, generating more than $5.9 billion in business in 2017 and $790 million in clean profits. The company uses its funds to expand horizontally, expand its network of hospitals, expand its business maps, and boost its workforce through equity incentives.
We've been working on the internationalization and movement of medical professionals, and we've been working with the company in 2018/19, the El ophthalmology Hospital Group, founded in 2003 and listed on the Shenzhen Exchange in 2009, code 300015sz.
In 2018, Elephthalm had built over 250 specialized ophthalmology hospitals in 30 provinces and urban areas of China's mainland, covering over 70% of the country's health-care population and over 6.5 million people per year. Companies introduced and absorbed the international synchronised concepts of ophthalmology and medical management, using specialization, modelling, science as a strategy for development.
In three major areas, the Eye Science Institute has been set up in collaboration with the country’s higher education institutions to improve the quality of Irish ophthalmology research and hospitals. At the same time, the company has focused on internationalization, operating more than 80 ophthalmological hospitals in the United States, Europe, and Hong Kong through investment holdings.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
The company uses a unique "level lock-up" model: a chaining facility for specialized eye services, mainly in the treatment of eye diseases, surgical services and medical tests. The company uses a unique “level lock-up” development model: a chain through a hospital.
To provide technical support to the lower level hospitals, patients with problems can be referred to the upper level hospitals, and better resource allocation and patient access can be achieved. Through the functional positioning of different levels of hospitals, the group improves the efficiency of resource-sharing and optimizes the management system. We believe that this will be accelerated as the hospital network is built.
This is the first time in the history of China, where the power of a chain of locks will become more visible.
From 2012 to 2017, the number of consultations and surgeries in the Eleas field rose year by year, with 22.5 per cent (21 per cent) of annual collusive increases. In 2017, the number of hospital consultations passed 5 million and the number of surgeries reached nearly 520,000.
In 2017, real income increased by 49% in the same year, by 59% in the same year, by 59% to 1.11 billion in the same year, and by nearly 40% to 790 million in the same year. As hospital network penetration rose, patients ' demand for treatment of eye diseases increased, and the number of consultations and hands was projected.
The amount of technology will lead to a further increase in income.
From the 18 ophthalmology hospitals listed in 2009, the company has built up 250 ophthalmology hospitals in China and operates more than 80 ophthalmology facilities abroad, rapidly expanding the landscape.
To explore cooperation with the Healthcare Industry and the Purchase Fund, an industry was set up and a platform was set up, followed by the Shenzhen Pre-Shen Sea, the Eastern Irish Medical Services and Purchase Fund, the Walter Rough and the El Central Eye Health Fund. Companies and the Property Fund worked together to deepen their outreach to the Internet and speed up the process by creating or purchasing new ones.
At the same time, El ophthalmology explores the same level as the city’s hospital.
In 2016, the company launched the Elephthalmic Movement Planning and Implementation Project, which is going to be fully operational.
The advantage of the national network is to build an “Eye Health Support System” that connects online and offline, medical care and prevention, and within and outside the courtyard. The company's Hunanung Vision Technology Company Ltd. has set up multi-purpose accounting stations in Changsha, Tianjin, Chengdu and other locations.
So far, the company has a medical service in Hong Kong, a mengwang ophthalmology centre in the United States, and Europe.
Clínicabaviera.s.a., a foreign-led ophthalmology facility, will help to integrate deeper into advanced international medical care, service concepts, and cutting-edge technical and technical systems, leading to high-end service models and management experience. On the one hand, companies will benefit from internationalized online advantages to strengthen communication and cooperation within and outside the country to boost the rapid growth of high-end medical services.
On the other hand, through the Global Science and Technology Incubation Fund, the company invests in new projects in ophthalmology and cutting-edge fields to improve the company’s resource storage and layout of ophthalmology-related production chains.
The company created a teaching team of nine universities, including cataracts, visual, luminous, and episophistical diseases, which have been instrumental in building institutions. These research mechanisms have led to a shift in the results of science and research to improve the company’s ability to use creative and proximate services.
At the same time, the company, through its attractive incentive policy, constantly attracts high-level external talent and expertise, the Chinese market eye market: increased demand and higher costs.
In terms of ophthalmology, work, and entertainment, there has been a significant increase in modern social studies, work, and entertainment, leading to an increase in the incidence of eye diseases. Meanwhile, the age-related growth of cataracts, diabetic retinal disorders, etc., has been accompanied by a steady increase in the demand for medical treatment. In the case of cataracts, the disease is more common than ever before.
People over 50 years of age, with an increase in the incidence of disease as they grow. According to the National Commission on Older Persons ' Office ' s Report on the Predicted Development of China ' s Population with Ageing, our population is expected to reach more than 400 million in 2050. Thus, the number of age-related ophthalmological patients, such as cataracts, is expected to increase.
With the gradual spread of health awareness in our country, people’s eye health concerns will grow and demand for ophthalmological services will continue to grow. Meanwhile, as Chinese incomes rise, the potential demand for ophthalmological care will continue to shift to real and effective needs, and a great deal of basic needs will be lost.
Our model shows a target price of $352. We are benefiting from the expansion of the network of hospitals and the increase in in- and out-of-life growth in existing hospitals.
Risks include: higher sales costs; rapid expansion of the hospital network and reduced management efficiency; patient consultations; medical consultations; medical consultations; medical consultations; medical consultations; medical consultations; medical consultations; medical consultations; medical consultations; medical consultations; medical consultations; medical consultations; medical consultations; medical consultations; medical consultations.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, but I'm going to be in the middle of something.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do this, but you're not going to be able to do it, and you're not going to be able to do it.
philipsecuriteshasnotverifieedthesisforformationandnorepresentationorwartty, expressorimplied, istitehatsuchinforformationorreresearchsacurat, completeor verefiedorsouldberelieduponsuch. ansuchinforformationorresearchorresearchcontainedmentpublicispublicatsubjecttochangetochange.innoeventcycuriushalloveany responsibilitytomaintaintheinforformationorresearchaidaidabletosuplyananyformulations, updadesorreleaseasesincondicationsionsion_.innoeventwillwillphillphillphew.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it.
I mean, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know, sir'sdiscussion: philipsecuritiesdoesnoothavisvesvesmentbankingrelationshipshipwiththeelistedcorporationdirectionistinternationalinterstof 1% or more than the marketcapacitacitation.inadddition, noexecutivestaffuffofservicescicultierves asan officeofethelistedcorporation. availability
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
"pshk" believedtobeacturate.pshkdoesnotbetspoonbilityforany lossocosisdbyregionalplacesuponthecontentshereof.pshk (oritsaffiliatesoreapployees)
It's the only thing that's going to happen to me.
philipsecuritiesptd philipcapitalmanagementsdnbhd rafflescitytower
b-3-6blockblevel3megavenueii, kualalumpur japan
Longkong philipcapialjapank.k. phillipsecurities(hk)ltd
I don't know what you're talking about, nagata-chobldg., exchangeparticipantofestockexchangeofhongkong 8f, 2-4-3nagata-cho,
11/Unitedcentre95queensway Hongkong China
Indonesia phillipfinancialdvisory (shanghai)co.ltd ptphillipsecuritiesindonesia
Anztowervel23b, no 436hengfengroad, jljendsudirmankav33a
Greenchunit 604, jakarta 10220 - indonesia tailand
I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's got the money, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the guy who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
15thloor, vorawatbuilding, 849silomroad, silom, bangrak, paraisfrance
♪ Bangkok 10500 ♪ unilandedkingdom uninvolved states ♪
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
120 cannonstreet, the chicagoboardoftradebuilding london, ec4n6as
Cicago, l606004usa australia philipcapitalaustralia
Quevel12, 15williamstreet, melbourne, Victoria 3000, australia