The Center for Medical Health Research, the new and the old hospitals have developed into a virtuous circle with strong endogenous growth, and El ophthalmology has published 2018-centenary annual reports, with both income and profit expectations exceeding expectations.
During the reporting period, companies achieved operating income of 3.78 billion yuan, or 45.94 per cent more than the previous year; operating profits of 770 million yuan, or 53.47 per cent more than the previous year; net profits of 547 million yuan, or 39.72 per cent more than the same period; net profits attributable to parent companies of 509 million yuan, or 40.61 per cent more than the same year.
The Division’s net profit after deducting non-recurring gains and losses was $527 million, an increase of 44.50 per cent over the same period.In the first half of 2018, the company experienced high growth rates, with revenue-side profits exceeding expectations, and strong endogenous growth.
Māori rates are stable and consumption escalation leads to the optimization of the income structure of the tangential business. National demand for healthy consumption has sunk and is closely associated with the high growth of Elmephthalm, especially of the tangential business.
Hospitals develop virtuous cycles, and channels are proven to sink. Companies have traditionally focused on building science and research platforms and on talent development, and well-developed medium- and long-term incentives have played an important role in supporting companies’ rapid chain replication.
We keep looking at El ophthalmology's off-site reproduction capabilities and its status in China, in the global field of ophthalmology, and at the future companies will continue to build ecological platforms around ophthalmology and serve national ophthalmological health management.
Li Xingray, Risk of Social Problems in the Medical Community: Risk of Downward Progress in the Network: Risk of Medical Accidents: Delays in the Merger and Purchase Fund Hospital  El ophthalmology released its 2018-half-cent annual report, with both income and profits over-expected.
▪ During the reporting period, companies achieved operating income of $3.78 billion, an increase of 45.94 per cent over the same period; realized operating profits of $770 million, an increase of 53.47 per cent over the same period; realized net profits of $547 million, an increase of 39.72 per cent over the same period; realized net profits attributable to parent companies of $509 million, an increase of 40.61 per cent over the same period.
The net profits of the company after deducting non-recurring gains and losses were 527 million yuan, an increase of 44.50 per cent over the same period.The company ' s performance grew at a high rate in the first half of 2018, with higher expectations at both the end of income and the end of profit, and higher growth at home. In the first half of 2018, the company achieved an operating income of 3.78 billion yuan, an increase of 45.94 per cent over the same period last year;
During the reporting period, the company achieved 2.7441 million visits, eliminated overseas M&As, increased its internal growth by about 29 per cent at the end of the year, and increased profits at the end of the same year.
2. The high growth of the business sectors, with the strong growth of the khore business, achieved 1.45 billion incomes, an increase of 84 per cent in the same year and an increase of 39 per cent in the share of operating income (31 per cent over the same period last year). The main reason for the high growth of khore business is that: 1) the domestic market is full-time, full-time.
High-end surgeries such as icl have increased their value by a factor; 2) Europe ' s clínicabaviera contributes to the income from the kurning. 764 million cataract surgery was achieved, 17% of the year.
432 million, a 17 per cent increase in the same year, 640 million yuan, a 29 per cent increase in the same year, for immediate surgery, cataract surgery, immediate surgery, back-of-the-eye surgery, visual services, and other projects.
3. The Māori rate has stabilized and the consumption escalation has resulted in an optimal income structure for the draught business, accounting for 39 per cent, 20 per cent, 12 per cent, 7 per cent, 17 per cent, respectively, of El ophthalmology income in the first half of 2018, and the Māori rate for the company was 47.7 per cent in the first half of 2018, an increase of 0.7 percentage points in the same year.
The Māori rate for the kyoto business was 54.6%, and the Māori rate had fallen slightly due to European US business combinations, but the gross profit had risen significantly, owing to the optimal structure of revenue from the khokim business as a result of rising consumption. The Māori rate for cataracts, back-to-back operations, sightseeing operations had been flat or one percentage point.
The national demand for healthy consumption has sunk with the high growth of El ophthalmology operations, especially in the light, and we have analysed samples of more than 200 cities. Over the past 14 years, the per capita disposable income in three, four and five-line cities has risen faster than in one and two cities. This trend has become even clearer in the last five years.
In the sample analysis of the five-line cities, per capita disposable income has increased at a compound rate of 11 per cent per year over the past five years, above 8.5 per cent in the second-line cities.
At the same time, according to our calculations, El ophthalmology hospitals (which were cultivated by the Extra In vitro Merger Fund) have reached 70% in three-line and sub-city cities, and the market for ophthalmology services is vast.
New and old hospitals have developed a virtuous circle, and the downfall of the channels has been proven. 218h1 company’s top seven gate shops together contributed $965 million (yoy+20%).  Net profit from maternity  The revenue and profit share of the company’s seven core hospitals has declined from year to year, based on historical data tracking.
The rise in the share of new hospitals has led to a virtuous circle of development of old and new hospitals, with a 26 per cent increase in the Sha'il income end hospital in 2018h1 (established in December 2004), a 19 per cent increase in the profits end of Wuhan'all (established in July 2003) and a 19 per cent increase in the profits end.
The income end of Chengdu-El grew by 23 per cent (established in December 2002), while the profit end grew by 27 per cent; the income end of Yoo-Iil grew by 19 per cent (established in September 2003); the profit end grew by 51 per cent; the income end of Io-Chu-Ere grew by 17 per cent (established in September 2004); and the profit end grew by 2.5 per cent.
▪ 22 per cent increase in Chongqing's income (established in July 2006), and the fall in profits due to the opening of the new courthouse 13 per cent increase in Shenyang's profits (merger and purchase in July 2007) and 34 per cent increase in profits.
The Division's rapid chain-to-collaborative expansion has played an important supporting role. During the reporting period, the company set up a strategic layout of the Division's integrated production, learning, and research, building on the science and research platforms of the “two houses, two stations” to continuously upgrade overall technology.
In terms of talent development, through the efficient organization of the academic groups of the Consortium ' s Academic Council, the pool of talent has continued to grow and the talent development system has improved. With the steady implementation of corporate internationalization strategies, the globalization of science, technology and innovation has advanced, and companies share global ophthalmology and ophthalmology skills.
The process will be further accelerated, and the competitive advantage of the industry will become more evident.  During the reporting period, with the formation of a long-term interest community, the company achieved a better level of incentives.  The company completed the award of the reserved portion of the restrictive stock incentive scheme for 2016.
A total of 322 mid-level managers and core operations (technical) personnel at the grass-roots level.  The 14 provincial hospitals covered by the Provincial Capital Hospital Partner Scheme, issued by the company in 2015, have successfully achieved the first phase of development goals, not only in their technical and professional capacities.
The fifth phase of the power of the company’s stock options has been completed, and the first phase of the restrictive stock incentive scheme in 2016 has been unlocked, the target has been rewarded and its work has been further released.
Investment advice and profit projections:  our continued appreciation of El ophthalmology's off-site reproduction capabilities and its academic position in China and in the global field of ophthalmology, as well as the future of companies that will continue to build ecological platforms around ophthalmology,
Services for the management of national ophthalmological health: risk of social problems: risk of network sinking: risk of medical accidents: risk of delayed injection from the M&A Foundation Hospital; risk of construction of district hospitals at a lower rate than expected, etc.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment