The ophthalmologist's head is steadily heading towards El ophthalmology, mid-2018.
This represents an increase of 40.61 per cent in the same year and 527 million yuan in net profit after deduction, an increase of 44.50 per cent in the same year.q2 Q2 achieved income of 2,033 million yuan in the same quarter, an increase of 46.00 per cent in the same year, $292 million in net profit from maternity, an increase of 41.71 per cent in the same year, and 318 million yuan in net profit after deduction, an increase of 48.85 per cent in the same period.
The net profit after deduction was 527 million yuan, an increase of 44.50 per cent over the same period, and the performance rate was close to the forecast median, which is the overall expected increase.q2 season earnings, net return profits, net deductions of non-return profits were increased by 46.00 per cent, 41.71 per cent, and 48.85 per cent, respectively. Income grew by 45.94 per cent over the same period, sustaining a high growth trend: the main reason was the expansion of the company’s operations and branding effects, medical technology and technology.
The financial and intellectual growth in the East has been steadily increasing, with steady growth in all sectors and a particularly strong performance in the kurning operations, with 2,744.1 million visits to companies, an increase of 21.97 per cent compared to the previous period, and 28 million surgeries, an increase of 20.43 per cent compared to the previous year.
The main reason for this is the robust growth in the company, coupled with the addition of new affiliates cb (Europe) in April and July 2017, and a rapid increase in industry performance. The net increase in non-repatriate net profits of 30.5% and a high rate of robust growth was deducted from the impact of cb (Europe), aw (United States) during the reporting period and during the same period last year (the current reporting period was $58 million, compared to $105.4 million over the same period last year).
The volume of draught surgeries has risen rapidly, resulting in a high rate of growth: 1,465 million yuan was earned during the reporting period, an increase of 84.11 per cent over the same period. On the one hand, the volume of dredging surgeries has risen substantially, while the proportion of high-end surgeries, such as full flying seconds and icl, has increased rapidly, and on the other hand, the rapid profitability of cb (Europe) has increased further.
Other sections have continued to develop and have seen steady growth in performance: cataract surgery generated revenues of 764 million yuan over the reporting period, an increase of 17.13 per cent over the same period, with high end crystals rising and a rapid increase in all-fly second surgery; visual services generated revenues of 640 million yuan, an increase of 28.5 per cent over the same period, with a steady increase in the number of visual mirrors, while visual technology and new products were being upgraded; and front and back operations generated revenues of 432 million yuan, respectively.
+0.33 pp, +0.15 pp, in which the cost of sales falls, we believe that as the size of the company expands rapidly, the advantage of scale gradually emerges, the level of marketing costs, such as promotion, is better managed and controlled, the management and financial cost rates are relatively stable, and the overall financial position of the company is healthy.
1. The value of ophthalmology, the steady growth of support companies, the interlocking of medical networks and the gradual expansion of market coverage: the expansion has increased significantly since the company established the M & A fund in 2014. There are now more than 250 hospitals (over 80 in the system) in the company, which will accelerate the network with a focus on local and district hospitals through new constructions or acquisitions in the future
By 2020, 30-40 provincial and municipal hospitals, 200-250 local hospitals, and thousands of district hospitals will have been laid out. At the same time, the company is exploring further the construction of a peer-level diagnostic system, the horizontal expansion of eye-vision centres (hospitals) and the community eye-health service model, further sunk medical channels, the expansion of the radiation radius of the core hospitals, and the continuous network of hospitals in the country.
During the reporting period, the company acquired 51% of the shares of the El ophthalmology Hospital Ltd. in Côte d’Ivoire, and built a new El ophthalmology Clinic Limited in the geese peak zone; the Industrial Merger and Purchase Fund accelerated investment in hospital projects in the provinces’ regions, with more high-quality targets in reserve, providing strong guarantees for the sustainable development of the company.
High-end projects have increased their profit levels further; with the continued economic empowerment of clients, the rapid increase in eye health awareness, the deepening of corporate brand recognition, the rapid increase in the share of high-end projects, the high cost of single-end projects, the increase in profit levels, the build-up of company eye clinics and the rapid annual growth of surgical operations, the realization of full-flying seconds, icl, high-end crystals, etc., at the highest end of the reporting period.
The project ratio has been rising, and the enablers have been growing rapidly. (2) The combination of power has been growing at the domestic and international levels, and companies, as the world’s largest ophthalmology chain, have been growing at the domestic and international levels.
The Treatment Group, which is the source of financial prosperity in the East, has achieved a three-step internationalization strategy of “Hong Kong-United States-Europe” by 2017 by completing the acquisition of 75 per cent of US-Aw’s shares and 96.83 per cent of Europe’s largest eye chain, cb.
The acquisition of high-quality foreign targets can further enhance corporate performance, while contributing to a deeper integration of advanced international health-care concepts and cutting-edge technological systems, the integration of high-end service models and management experiences, the better development of high-end medical services in the country, the creation of a world-class science, talent and technological innovation platform, and the ever-increasing strength and depth of “sharing global ophthalmological wisdom”.
At the same time, the company continues to nurture the Eye Health Service Ecoosphere, invests in ophthalmology and cutting-edge innovation projects through the Global Science, Technology and Innovation Incubation Fund, and works in depth with leading international medical institutions to further improve the company's reserves and layout of the ophthalmology-related industrial chain.
The rapid pace of growth of firms, through the incentive mechanism of “equity incentives + partners”, has enabled an increasing number of core business cadres and managers to form long-term interest communities with companies, continue to share in the development results of their firms, and the dynamism of the core cadres has been released, and the dynamism of the inner core has continued to increase the firm's core competitiveness and better achieve its strategic objectives in the new era.
East's financial and intellectual booms are at 40.3%, 33.1%, 32.2%, corresponding to 68x, 51x, and 39x. The company is the country's largest ophthalmologist chain, the mound of the city, the earliest strategic and wide-ranging shop layout, the rapid hatching of the door shop using the company-cum-purchase fund model, the central city and the provincial capital city system.
After the heights, it began to unfold deep, while remaining at the forefront of the industry in terms of internationalization and industrial innovation. Strong “research-production-learning” platforms and talent-incentive policies drive endogenous growth. We value the company’s long-term development and maintain a “recommended” rating.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the South's wealth, the source of the Yang Yang
One, the seventh core member of the new wealth team in 2015, and the third core member of the crystal ball in 2015.
Mu Xin I analyzes his own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies