A significant upward trend in consumption, with high growth in the kryptonite industry - Ell-Ephthalmology (300015) semi-annual report, 2018
The net profit from constant gains and losses increased by 44.50 per cent over the same period the previous year. The number of outpatients and surgeries declined as a result of factors such as combing tables, but the company as a whole received 28 million benefits. The number of surgeries increased by 20.43 per cent compared to the previous year.
While the impact of factors such as Yang Oyu has been slightly lower than in the same period last year, there has been a marked acceleration in the growth of corporate incomes, as can be seen from a marked upward trend in consumption, with higher-end business share and unit prices rising faster.
In the first half of 2018, it was split up to 1,465 million yuan (+84.11%) and 764 million zhouyu@cczq.com for cataract surgery.
The rapid growth in the income from the kurch business over the same period of the previous year was due mainly to a combination of a rapid increase in the volume of kurning operations and an increase in the share of high-end operations such as full flight seconds, icl, a trend towards higher volume prices and the contribution of cí Nicabavia.s.a in Europe, which led to a rapid increase in the corporate income as a whole.
West Side, 28 West Rixie Street, 15th floor of Central China International Center, 1000th and Ever-largest.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, is a tax-free dealer on the 6th of China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company does not consider itself a customer for the purpose of receiving this report. Readers who do not have business relations with the company are not its customers, and the company does not have proper responsibilities.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.