El ophthalmology (300015): Rapid growth of draught business, excellent performance of company recommended (first) pharmaceutical biology
This represents an increase of 45.94% over the same period; the net profit of shareholders in listed companies is $509 million, which is a rapid increase over the same period.
In addition, the company’s largest chain of ophthalmology group cb is reporting an increase in income from the kryptonite operation.
During the period, income amounted to $434 million, which contributed to the rapid growth of the business. In the light of the upward trend in volume prices, the recovery of tangential surgery will be maintained at a very high rate. Other business developments are well under way.
764 million yuan (+17.13 per cent) and the share of high-end products has increased support. 640 million yuan (+28.50 per cent) has been collected during the reporting period in the light-of-view service operations.
The performance of the major subsidiaries during the reporting period has remained positive, with Chang Shayle, Wuhan and Chengdu maintaining a positive growth trend.
The net profits of El subsidiary grew at a rate of 29.11 per cent, 19.08 per cent and 27.34 per cent, respectively.
The company will not be treated as a customer by the recipient of this report. The accuracy and completeness of interest will not be guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report is not consistent with the views expressed.
The information, opinions, etc., does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in the present report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, with regard to finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc.
You will not accept any of the consequences of using or relying on this report.