El ophthalmology (300015.sz)
The company announcement states in 2018h1 that during the period operating income was 3,780 million yuan, an increase of 45.94 per cent over the same period; net profit of 509 million yuan, an increase of 40.61 per cent over the same period; net profit of 527 million yuan, an increase of 44.50 per cent over the same period; of which 2018q2 quarter revenue was 2,033 million yuan, an increase of 46.00 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved an operating income of $3.780 billion (+45.94 per cent), with net profit not attributable to the mother.
The net profit from collection and repatriation has been growing at a steady rate for several consecutive years since the end of the year, most notably as a result of the rapid increase in the number of operations combined with an increase in the proportion of high-end operations, such as full flying seconds, icl, a trend towards higher prices and the contribution of clínicabaviera.s.a in Europe, but the rate of Maori has declined.
On the inside, the top 10 major affiliates reported total revenue growth of 24.2%, net profit growth of 28.6%, and growth in mature hospitals is still strong.
Of these, Shaaïre, Wuhan and Chengdu-El are more profitable, and they together contribute to net profit rates.
El ophthalmology: The reported performance has grown steadily, brightly, with a mature sequenced chain model and a correspondingly higher profitability for Changsha and Wuhan El ophthalmology.
In terms of outreach, most of them have pre-established or M&A hospitals through the company’s participation in industry or M & A fund, and El ophthalmology (300015) has matured outside the system before being introduced into public companies.
El ophthalmology: M & As at home and abroad, more than 200 companies, of which about 80 are listed, are expected to be introduced into the public company at a later stage.
In terms of internationalization, El ophthalmology has completed the acquisition of Hong Kong ophthalmology.
El ophthalmology (3000015) _ [Cyclínicabaviera, s.a.86.8% offer acquisition, company travels from mainland China] El ophthalmology (300015):
To the world, globalization, and the emergence of a giant ophthalmology hospital in the international Van Cyclops, have emerged.
The remaining names, which account for about 10 per cent of the country's ophthalmologists, have become a cycle in the development and introduction of ophthalmologists, the external introduction of teams of specialists, intra-group exchanges, cooperation with medical colleges, the creation of a pool of trainers, and an increasing number of ophthalmologists joining forces to expand the country's subsequent chains.
The chain of hospitals is sinking further, the chain of stages is mature, and patients in sub-group hospitals are referred to level hospitals, they receive group specialist consultations, they improve the quality of their consultations and their sense of well-being, while the local chain of eyes does not yet have a truly national competition, and public hospitals such as Beijing are more competitive.
The collegiate hospital, the Nakayama Eye Centre at Nakayama University in Guangzhou, and the UGC-affiliated School of Eye-Nose and Throat Medicine in Shanghai, among others, are characterized by institutional constraints that prevent replication and expansion, and by the unshakeable dominance of the corporate sector.
The company's absolute leader in the ophthalmology chain hospital, which reports a faster than expected increase, and a growth rate of about 35 percent of the annual compound, which is likely to maintain net profits for the next three years, is 50 times below the pe-band swing zone of five years, and we maintain a "buy-in" rating.
Medical safety accident risk: new hospitals are not profitable as expected: supervisory risk.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.