Shen Man, cfa continues to grow at a higher rate than the market expects, and the company continues to grow at a higher rate.
And 46%; net profits increased by 45.98% and 35.30%, respectively. Overall, the quarterly income growth of companies has been relatively stable. The most rapid income growth in terms of the income structure was in the form of tanning hands, visual services, back-of-the-eye surgery, cataract surgery and front-of-the-clock surgery, camp during the reporting period.
The high rate of growth is the central driving force behind the continued high growth in corporate income and profits. In addition to the fast-growing factors of draught surgery, the proportion of high-end operations such as full flying seconds, icl and so on has increased considerably.
In addition, the contribution of Europe’s clí nicabaviera, s.a., which had previously been listed, is equally important. Brand values have increased further. Through endogenous and extended growth, companies have become the largest in the world.
The ophthalmological institutions have created an international network of medical services across Europe, America, Hong Kong, and the mainland, and the number of hospitals inside and outside the company is expected to be around 300, creating powerful walls of scale. Internal growth and in vitro-breeding hospitals are expected to drive sustained growth in corporate performance.
In addition, the company has continuously increased its research investment in ophthalmology applications, with research and development in the first half of the year amounting to $28.146 million, an increase of 117.09% over the same period. The company’s visibility and brand value have been increasing through the publication of papers and participation in national and international ophthalmological academic meetings.
At the end of the reporting period, the monetary capital of the company was $159,285.2 million, an increase of 142.99 per cent over the same period, and further expansion of the company with sufficient monetary resources.
Risk factors: risk of surgery; risk of expansion less than expected. Medical service industry has been a hot spot in the market, and El ophthalmology development continues and expands.