The provincial capital city hospital has maintained its high growth and the local city hospital has gradually become more effective.
\triangleright billion, an increase of 44.50% over the same period. Corporate performance continues to grow at a high rate. Company projects have registered steady growth, with a consistent upward trend in volume prices.
\triangleright, 2.74 thousand times, an increase of 21.97 per cent in the same year; surgery, 28.0 million cases, an increase in the ratio of high-end operations, such as full flying seconds and icl, at the same time, and company operations are still at a full price.
The company’s internal growth rate has been high, with provincial capitals and local hospitals as major profit growth points. Six months ago, the company’s 10 largest hospitals contributed a profit from 55% in 17 years to 48%.
The rate of growth is still below the provincial capital city ceiling, and cities like Tianjin, Guiyang and others have a market share in circulationa (billions): very large profit free space, while East Chang Yill, Chang Chai Yil are expected to become the successor to Yang Yil,
Basic data: 200 on 30 June 2018, with the gradual release of profits from these hospitals in the future, will be an important increase in the company's profits.
The corporate internationalization strategy and resource integration are steadily moving forward. The company owns the Hong Kong Asian Medical Service, the United States net asset rate of return (%): the Mingwang Eye Center, Europe’s clínicabaviera.s.a, the leading ophthalmology institutions abroad.
According to the semi-annual report, Europe ' s clínicabaviera.s.a achieved $434 million in the first half of the year, representing a net profit of 54.3131 million. The acquisition of cb significantly increased the performance of listed companies, while the company was also deeply integrating advanced international health-care concepts and cutting-edge technologies into high-end services.
Model and management experience to maximize the level of medical services provided by the company.
1. Policy risk; 2. Medical accident risk. \triangleright Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
If the company or its associated institutions may, subject to legal authorization, hold or deal in securities or investment objects issued by listed companies referred to in this report, they may also provide or seek to provide investment banks for such companies, or