Health-care and health-care equipment and services performed well beyond market expectations, with an increase of 45.94 per cent over the inside + outlier; net profit of 509 million women, an increase of 40.61 per cent over the same period; net profit after deductions
527 million yuan, an increase of 44.50 per cent over the same period; net operating cash flows of 778 million yuan, an increase of 1.
Billions (+49%) with an accelerated trend in the second quarter. Firms are closely tied to the overall strategic objective of building a “healthy eye biosphere”, constantly increasing brand influence and operational efficiency, and expanding their operations, 2,384/1,836 each.
High growth in revenue; increases in sales and management costs are also normal expenditures resulting from the expansion of operations resulting in total market value/flow (millions of dollars); significant increases in operating cash flows are matched to operating profits, reflecting public expenditure
High management capacity and functioning of funds in the 12-month max/minimum ($) division.
Equity Incentives+Partners fully motivate doctors, develop their development systems Doctor resources are the most scarce core competitive resource of ophthalmological institutions, and well-developed incentives can enable employees and companies to grow together, absorb more talented people and unleash the growth of the company
In the first half of the year, the company’s multi-level incentive scheme was completed on 5 May of the year, and the restrictive stock incentive scheme for 2016 was awarded for the first time.
The first phase of the release and pre-encumbrance was completed, and the partnership plan and the provincial capital partnership plan met the incentives of some of the hospital partners. 3. Medical networks accelerated horizontal and vertical distribution, and M&A funds continued to expand.
In 2017, there were more than 200 hospitals, and it is expected that in the first half of the year there were more than 250 in vitro plus in vitro hospitals, 80 of which covered 30 provinces and cities. In terms of expansion, companies and industry M&A funds continued to pass through the new system.
The construction or M & As approach accelerates the layout of the network with a focus on local and district hospitals, further explores the development of a system of co-city-level consultations, vertically promotes the construction of a chain of intra-provincial hierarchies, horizontally expands eye-vision centres (clinics) and community-based models of eye health services, further sunk medical channels.
Expanding the radiation radius of the core hospital. The company acquired 51% of the shares of the Xiao Yill Eye Hospital Ltd. and built a new El Eye Clinic Ltd. in the geese summit; the Industrial Merger Fund accelerated investment in hospital projects in the provinces and regions to save more high-quality targets.
4. Four major business volumes support performance growth by a factor of 20.43 per cent in the same year. Sub-products, in particular, generate income from the first half of the year's dredging surgery.
At the same time, the proportion of high-end operations such as full flying seconds and icl increased, resulting in an upward trend in volume prices and the contribution of clínicabaviera.s.a. in Europe; Cataract surgery generated $764 million (+17.13 per cent) and Māori achieved 37.46 per cent, mainly due to higher-end crystallization ratios, all of which increased.
Flying-second applications; 432 million dollars (+16.77 per cent) in immediate surgery and 53.98 per cent in the back-of-the-eye ratio, mainly due to a steady increase in the number of visual mirrors, visual technologies and new products, ongoing research and development inputs and academic research, and a steady rise in the academic standing of the industry.
Al's research and development and academic platform has been internationally aligned, and the strategic process of internationalization is accelerating. Progress made in the first half of the year included: a global close-sighted big data multi-centre research project initiated and led by the El Eye Academy of Sciences at the University of South Central, launched in Honolulu, USA: by an El ophthalmologist.
The holding “Organizing engineering corneas reconstruction” project has generated a total of $28 million in corporate research and development investment, representing an increase of 117.09 per cent over the same period. This is mainly due to an increase in corporate research on the application of ophthalmology techniques — long-term sustained research and development and academic research
The company's team of experts is becoming more authoritative and vocal in the business, and the corporate industry is predicting profits: considering the higher base of factors in the second half of last year, it's still 18 years old.
El ophthalmological Institute, 9 North Street, north of Beijing City West Side.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.