Health-care equipment and services are moving in an orderly manner, moving in step, and continuing high growth is reported to be expected to exceed market expectations: 1) Earl is operating efficiently and has the ability to replicate rapidly.
In 2017, the number of hospitals exceeded 200, and the number of in vitro + in vitro hospitals is expected to exceed 250 in the first half of the year, of which 80 or so, covering 30 provinces and municipalities throughout the country; 2) internal and external growth, which has led to an increase in the number of municipalities in the company ' s operations and increased branding influence; 3) internationalization
Equity incentives + partners fully mobilize doctors’ motivation and develop doctors’ development systems: the most scarce core competitive resource of ophthalmological institutions, to break down the barriers to talent in the industry.
Al has adopted a parallel strategy of multi-layered equity incentives and partnership systems, linking core healers 2,384/1,825 to long-term interest communities. The number of ophthalmologists in the company has steadily increased over the years.
Total market value/flow (million yuan) is currently over 3,000 ophthalmologists, representing 10 per cent of the total number of ophthalmologists in the country and 12 months of maximum/minimum ophthalmologists
Adequate is the most powerful guarantee of the rapid downfall of El Hospital. The stratification model has led to an up-and-down growth, with M & As funds expanding rapidly: the company has significantly increased its efficiency through five industry M & As funds (of about $5 billion), which are already in place by the end of the 17th year.
More than 150 hospitals have been cultivated. In addition, the company continues its strategy of “a network of level-IV hospitals”, while maintaining the technical highlands of the central hospital, expanding the provincial capital hospital to open up bottlenecks, and increasing revenue and profit ratios for new local and district hospitals.
Four major business volumes have risen to support performance growth: health insurance claims have been pushed to the grass-roots level inclined and graded consultations, which have led to a strong demand for cataracts and immediate back-end operations, while rising consumption and continuous changes in clinical techniques have increased the price of cataracts and para-molecular surgery.
The six-month-long rise in the prices of corporate draught surgery, the increase in the proportion of high-end cataract magicians, and the increase in visual and epitomological conditions have been sustained at a high rate. Profit forecasts: considering the second half of last year and the higher base of the table, they remain at the same level for the entire 18-year period.
El ophthalmology. El ophthalmology.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.