Rehabilitating profitability, increasing city ownership and deepening overseas cooperation Investment rating: buying (maintenance) of batteries continues to grow and q4 power, storage battery Māori rates continue to be repaired
Of these, the power cell sales were 242gwh, +107%, and the storage battery sales were 47gwh, +181%. The q4 power cell output was about 80gwh, the storage battery was 17%, the Māori rate was 17%, but q4, the company battery operations were comprehensive.
According to Sneresearch, the company's share of global power cell loads in 2022 was over 37%, with power storage.
The company continues to deepen its overseas cooperation, with power, with a strategic partnership with Ford Motors, covering the supply of power tanks in China, Europe and North America, and with the company's intention to build a battery plant in Europe, Hungary; and with storage capacity, with the company already in storage with the United States.
A cooperative agreement between the technology platform and the solution provider, flexgen, will supply the latter with 10 gwh ' s storage energy products over a period of three years, and an agreement with the U.S. utility and distributed photovoltaic + storage energy development operator, Primergysolallc, will supply electricity exclusively for the gemini photovoltaic + storage energy project.
In addition, the company is constantly promoting power switching and shared storage energy development. Chocolate-for-block production has opened up the city in Xiamen, Fertilizer, Guiyang, etc. The company’s first-ever mtb technology has been applied to the national electricity investment pool.
This includes, but is not limited to, JCLU, investment, home-made, and recycling. Considering the ongoing recovery of corporate battery profitability, we gave 23/24/25 years of net return to the company a higher than expected increase in raw materials, lower battery prices and less industry growth.
“New Energy in Huaanan Securities _ Company Review _ Ningdh Times _ Yearly Report Review _ High Performance, Stewardship 2. “New Energy in Huaanan Securities _ Company Review _ Ningdh”
Quarterly report on rising cost performance, upstream layout pending follow-up profit recovery 2022-5-04.
The performance of the mid-point rate increases is expected to be higher, the profitability of the three-quarterly editions is being continuously restored, and the share of the city in the upgrading and deepening of overseas cooperation is estimated at 2022-10-22.
H.E. Nieji, Master of Economics and Finance, University of New South Wales, formerly in the Department of Credit and Approval, Bank General, one year of industry research experience, covering the lithium electricity industry chain.
The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly, the result of specific recommendations or views in this report.