On March 21, the Ninder era confirmed that its third generation of ctp technical radium batteries had been delivered.
\triangleright, the first car with the americium battery is expected to be delivered in the second quarter of this year. On June 23, last year, a third generation of the ctp battery, the americium battery, was released in the Ninder era; on August 27, last year, Ninde.
The time was called the arcium and the question world would be carrying the americium batteries. The americium is the first brand of alfon batteries in the world, the argon 009 is the first type of argon batteries in the world, and the americium 001 will be the world's first to carry 1,000 km of argon batteries: the current pack is the best solution. The argon batteries are completely unstereotyped. The whole system is complete.
\triangleright consists of a platform core module, a platform extension electrical module, a flexible extension thermal management module, and a flexible extension box modules. The volume utilization rate is 72%, an increase of 17 pcts compared to ctp1.0, and an excess mileage.
Dang Young-kang, very impressive structure: vandalized beams, water coolers and insulation pads, three effects combined \triangleright
Increased system integration efficiency through multifunctional elastic layers; built-in micromechanical bridge connectors, coupled with respirators, to expand freely and increase the life cycle of the core; and simulation of multiple functional modules (structural protection, research assistant Lee Xiaoping)
Intelligent distribution, sharing the bottom space, adding further 6% of the energy space. Water cooler innovation leads to effective heat management: the americium battery puts water cooling at the bottom of the core of the core \triangleright
Between the cores, it increases the heat-exchange area fourfold; the first core cooling technology reduces 50 per cent of the cores by the temperature-control time to achieve 5 minutes of rapid heat start-up and 10 minutes of fast charge; in extreme cases, the core can cool down at an extreme speed, effectively resists abnormal heat transfer between the cores and effectively avoids the undesirable use of batteries at non-normal temperatures.
Research assistant, Sit-jung Reverse damage, overall increase core life and safety.
\triangleright 255wh/kg, the energy density of the phosphate lithium battery system can be as high as 160wh/kg, with a third-generation ctp power increase of 13% over the 4680 system at the same chemical package size. Support 4c fast charge, real
1. The Ningde era (300,750.sz) 2022 Annual Report Review: 2. Ningde Times (300,750.sz) 2022 Quarterly Reportpoint
Quantified cell production is expected to strengthen the company’s core barriers by maintaining a “recommended” rating. 3. Mid-year 2022 report of the Ningde era (300,750.sz).
4. The In-depth Report of the Ningde era (300,750.sz) takes advantage of the Year ' s review of the Ningde era (300,750.sz) in 2021: methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.