In the Ningde era (300,750), the 2022 Report Review doubled the net profit in 2022 and increased the profitability ring in 2022q4.
Continued scaling-up of R & D inputs and continuous promotion of technological and product innovation, with R & D spending accounting for 155.1 percent of the power cell business in 2022, and global flagship status still strong.
The vehicle load was 518 gwh, an increase of 72% over the same year, with 192 gwh of the power cells of the Ningde era, up 2.2 pct from the 2022h1 Māori ratio in December.
Battery system integration is at a new global high; battery products for non-thermal diffusion technologies have been recognized and produced by multiple domestic and international customers; 2.2c fast-fill trio products are being used by the first domestic vehicle; and ab Innovative grouping is being promoted in bulk.
High growth in battery storage operations has led to a marked improvement in the Māori ring ratio. Global energy battery output in 2022 grew by 172.2 per cent in the same year, and Ningde City increased by 43.4 per cent in the same year, with 5.1 pct ranking first in the world for two consecutive years. Sales revenue from storage battery systems in 2022 amounted to $44.98 billion.
Out-of-house and out-of-house prefabricated system enercs were delivered in large quantities, and the 6c high-power ups new battery system, which operated after storage of the energy table, was also made available.
In addition, the company announced the construction of a second European plant in Hungary, with a capacity of up to 100 gwh, with a capacity to produce 100 gwh.
To further improve the global strategy layout and help accelerate the transformation of electricity and energy in Europe. 25.02, 32.81 dollars, corresponding to 21 times, 16 times and 12 times, respectively. Global trends in motor motorization and storage capacity growth have determined that companies continue to upgrade technology and accelerate the deployment of overseas production capacity globally.
Competitiveness, lithium repatriation schemes are expected to secure market shares, enhanced cost advantages in the whole industry chain layout, increased risks associated with market competition; new production capacity digestion risks; and new product and technology iterative risks. Note: “Market index” for this rating system, a share of which is the index of depth 300; and a three-board index for the new three-board frame of reference.
Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risks”, “stable” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, “positive” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium and high risks”, “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and are aware of it independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.