Performance is over-expected, global leadership is strong, and performance in the Ningde era (300,750) is forecast.
The company’s performance in 2022 is projected to be higher than expected, with higher production and sales and lower efficiency gains contributing to a significant increase in performance. The rapid growth of new energy industries, both domestic and foreign, and the continued growth of markets in power cells and storage, have accelerated the shift to clean energy under the “double carbon” target.
Solutions and services, coupled with the release of production capacity from the previous configuration, with a marked increase in the volume of production and sales and a rapid increase in the scale of profits and benefits; and, at the same time, continued implementation by companies of mitigation efficiency measures and improved cost control, roe (ttm)
The company is a global power cell and storage battery tap, fully enjoying the high global energy dividends.
The company, as a global new energy motor power cell and storage battery flagship, fully benefits from the fast-growing dividends of the new energy industry. For power batteries, in January-November 2022, the global power cell load was 446gwh, an increase of 74.7% over the same period, with the Ningde-era power cell loads.
165.7 gwh, 101.8% more than the previous year, with 37.1% of the city’s share increasing by 4.9 pct more than the same year.
Strength. Amerium batteries are expected to be marketed in 2023 q1, with the first ones working with car models such as kryptonium and the question world, and more models are expected to follow; high-price lithium salt is driving the development of the sodium battery chain, and the company sodium batteries are expected to be industrialized in 2023, and the company launched m3p batteries in early 2022.
Looking forward to large-scale production in 2023. The continued roll-out of new products helps companies to stay ahead of the market in terms of growth trends, firm corporate leadership and, as upstream raw material prices fall, demand for energy batteries falls short of expected risks; market competition exacerbates risks; and new production capacity absorbs risks;
Note: “Market index” for this rating system,a shares refer to a depth 300 index; the new three-board reference point is a three-board index. Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk” and “stable” investors are only fit to use a risk level not higher than “medium-risk”
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.