In the Ninder era (300,750.sz) the company announced its performance in 2022.
+152 per cent; net profit attributable to $30.7 billion, corresponding to +93 per cent; net profit withheld from non-contribution amounting to $28.2 billion, new energy vehicle power cell usage amounted to 517.9gwh, yoy+71.8 per cent, global power cell use accounted for 37 per cent of the market share, yoy+4pcts, six years in a row.
First, in 2022, global storage battery output reached 122.2gwh, yoy+175.2%, and the company ' s global storage battery market share was 43.4%, yoy+5.1pcts, ranking first in the world for two consecutive years. The company ' s global power cell taps continued to grow. The company achieved lithium in 2022.
ion battery sales of 289gwh, yoy+11.6%, of which the power battery system sales sales of 242gwh, yoy+107.1% contributed to a 152% increase in revenue on a year-on-year basis.
Lithium mining policy can lock in its medium- and long-term share. Companies improve the distribution of battery mineral resources through home-made mining, investment in equity, and joint ventures.
The company’s potential lithium mine revenue-sharing scheme, which could affect company profits in the short term, would be useful in maintaining the company’s market position in the long run. Working with Ford to target the United States market.
In the United States, under Deninger-era battery technology, investments are made in the production of electric motor batteries in Michigan. Companies continue to work with Ford, showing that the US market opens up as soon as it lands. At the same time, companies are actively developing European production.
1. Industry summary report [Galactic Power Week Team] _ Electricity new industry Investment proposal: As the absolute leader of the global lithium battery, companies are involved in technology leadership, product quality, customer resources, industry chain layout, brand influence, cost control, etc.
In addition, the company continues to build up its investments in battery mineral resources and upstream materials, and in the new sector of electricity in mid-2022.
Slight: The policy boom, the technological innovation for the future _ 220630 4; the company review _ the Ningde era (300,750) _ Downstream car operations have led to a sharp decline in profit margins; the failure of production capacity to deliver is not as risky as expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. (Christensen) The state headquarters of Arizona and the Beijing branch, working as a customer director for financial counselling (ir) and marketing.