The company published its annual report for 2022: $328.594 billion in operating income, a year-on-year increase.
In 2022, the company was very profitable and its sales increased. In 2022, q4 generated $11,254 million, an increase of 107 per cent in the same year and 21 per cent in the ring; in 2022, the net profit from repatriation was $13.38 billion, and the high rate of growth in the two operations of the power cell system and the energy battery storage system. Lithium separation was achieved in 2022.
Sub-cell sales, 289gwh, 116.6 per cent more than the previous year, with power cell systems sold 242gwh, with the first analysis of the Wu Ho power plant and the new energy industry increasing by 107.09 per cent; and lithium ion battery production 325gwh, with the same increase
The battery system produces 390gwh, with an in-progress capacity of 152gwh, with a capacity utilization rate of 83.4 per cent, and is expected to spread the manufacturing costs gradually as the capacity continues to expand. 2) Global layout: the company is located at the first overseas plant in Turingen, Germany, to produce lithium cell modules and cores.
The company announced the construction of a second European plant in Hungary, with a capacity of 100 gwh. We believe that as the process of electricization and energy transformation in Europe progresses, the company's overseas operations are expected to be fast.
\triangleright’s use of power cell systems in the world reached 37.0%, an increase of 4.0 percentage points over the same period last year, ranking first in the world for six consecutive years.) Storage power cell systems: based on sneresearch.
The company’s leading position is strong. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company to achieve 4744 by 2023-2025; risk factors: industry demand below expectations: the risk of price volatility of raw materials: new technology development.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research on new energy sectors for electrical equipment, and the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research on new energy vehicles, and the Photovoltaic Industry, responsible for research.
Hu Ying, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Financial Engineering at the People ' s University of China, Bachelor of Financial Engineering at Wuhan University, formerly a Research Assistant for the Securities and Mechanical Engineering Team, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the wind and power equipment industry, formerly a Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Economic Analysis at Sydney University, Bachelor of Financial Science at Nakayama University, 2022
The Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the new power systems and electrical equipment industry, Sun-yun, Research Assistant in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 and was responsible for the new energy vehicle Chen Jie, a team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the lithium electric materials industry.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed a service agreement with the CVM, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.