High base and declining meat prices are the main causes of the decline in performance of 21h1
On 13 August 2021, the bi-annual report for 2021 was published by the two-consolidated development bank, with 2,4910 million yuan, or 4.02 per cent of the total, collected by 21h1;
21H1 performance declined on a year-on-year basis, with the higher base and lower meat prices being the main reasons for this decline during the same period last year \triangleright the highest/lowest in nearly 12 months
Due to the sharp decline in the prices of pork and pork, the company ' s revenues fell in the same year, but sales of major products increased by the same amount of equity (millions of shares). The net profits of 21H1 fell significantly in the same year because (1) the profit base was higher during the same period last year;
(2) In terms of sales, 21h1 fresh products/packaged meat products/fowl products are sold at a higher rate of 75,41,77.32,518 tons, respectively, and the start-up rate has risen; meat products are sold at a flat rate; and sales of poultry products have increased at a higher rate.
With regard to related transactions, 21h1 purchases raw materials such as meat, supplements, etc. from abroad totalled $6.063 billion, or -20.49% of the total; q2 purchases 3,198 million, or -31.34% of the total. Sino-American pork prices have been reduced, and the profit from imported pork has been reduced by the same amount as the company.
There has been a marked decline in the level of Māori in meat business and an increase in sales cost inputs as a result of (i) the introduction of new revenue guidelines and the inclusion of transport costs in operating costs; and (ii) a decline in the Māori rate for major operations compared to the previous year, with higher interest payments on term deposits.
Two-sink development (000895), one-quarter report 2021. Companies continue to promote product innovation, marketing innovation, branding enhancement and brand rejuvenation.
2021h1 has continued to innovate in products, marketing innovations, branding and dissemination, and promoting branding and youngness by: (1) Innovative Spring Festival digital marketing, leading festival consumption.
Microfilms, for example, focus on new products such as chili and hot wind. (2) Joint marketing to promote a steady growth of the main industry, the slaughtering business, and family dinner tables. Stars are introduced, with emphasis on cooking products such as chopsticks, pills, pastry, etc.; and working with Vole.
Supermarkets such as Ma and Pomerania conduct marketing activities to guide modern dietary consumption. (3) Cross-border marketing to promote brand rejuvenation. Cross-border marketing by trying to shake the country's music festivals, running electric games, launching b-stations for young circles, raising product penetration rates and promoting the rejuvenation of products and brands.
III. Prospective profit projections and investment proposals expected, arithmetical approach, that future slaughter operations are expected to benefit from the resumption of pig production, long-term growth of meat products and maintenance of a “recommended” rating.
The company’s financial statement projections are summarized in Jing, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, Master of Arts. In 2011, it entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages, agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Human Security.
In 2018, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, joined the public securities industry, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,