This week's industry perspective: the long-term market-based trend is more evident in the adjustment of the new version of the catalogue of permits for the production of weapons and equipment, published on 27 December 2018 by the Ministry of Defence, Science and Technology and the Central Military Commission, in conjunction with the Ministry of Equipment Development, in the 2018 edition of the catalogue of permits for the production of weapons and equipment.
This adjustment will have a greater impact in the field of military electronics, and will result in the elimination of equipment levels and components, the elimination of military electronics, general equipment and sub-components, and the removal of permissions for special-purpose equipment for weapons.
In 2019, the basics of the military industry were established: 18 years of industrial trafficking, and 19 years of improvement. In 2018, the entire industry saw an increase in revenues, a substantial improvement in net operating cash flows, a full de-stocking and accelerated delivery of orders, which would identify the basic points of trade; and in 2019, the country was expected to see the increase in revenue from the military sector.
[Excellently] Industry weekly products, combining policy foresight, market hot spots, industry depth, to pursue weapons upgrading, improving the living conditions of military personnel and training of grass-roots forces; equipment procurement largely eliminated by military restructuring, 2019 or out.
At this stage, the purchase peak is reimbursed; the cycle of the order is determined by the equipment development cycle, and the purchase of the equipment is in the up-to-date phase.
In 2019, the policy and reform landscape: military reform will focus on policy reform, key systems, or survival. Three years of change in the leadership structure, a follow-up evaluation will be conducted, with reasons given for the proposed change.
They believe that these stock trends will significantly outpace the market, that a well-established mechanism for competitive price formation will primarily affect new types of R & D production, that it will not reflect the operational dimension of equipment production, and that the impact of lower contract replacement costs and lower maintenance and security services will appear to be faster; and that private enterprises with a strong edge will have more opportunities in the context of deeper civil-military integration.
Market outlook 2019: The arrival of “military workers 2.0” based on basics will take time. The logic of the military industry has been strengthened for 2018, based on the reorganization of assets and the resonance of the business board; the market phase of “military workers 2.0” based on basics has not yet arrived; the industry basics have improved the long-term logic; the logic of follow-up investment in the military industry has improved, and attention has to be paid to whether the military industry will be able to move away from the impact of the entrepreneurship panel and form a base-based structure.
In 2019, investment opportunities focused on aviation and informatization. In 2019, the investment opportunities for the military industry were better defined than in 2018, with differences in the length and size of the main military arsenal, and structural opportunities for industry investment were broken down. In general, aviation and electronic information were better equipped than others.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. is better off than private companies, and the mainframe is better off.
Building No. 1 of 9 Downtown West Side, Beijing: Chinese aircraft (000768.sz) Chinese aircraft (000768.sz)
Market determination, industry warming, and corporate leadership are the three core logics that we recommend at this stage. We believe that the market for civil-military medium-sized aircraft that companies face is wide-ranging in the long term.
The starting point for the booming cycle of the main equipment plant has come. The Chinese aircraft, as a company that manufactures large and medium-sized military aircraft in our country, and as a core company of our backbone civilian passenger aircraft, bring together the best resources for the design and manufacture of the Chinese and Chinese aircraft, and, in the absence of other competing players in the area of transport aircraft, the industry has an incomparable leadership that will benefit from the huge future demand for the procurement of military and civilian passenger aircraft, with outstanding long-term investment value.
2. The market for medium-sized and medium-sized military aircraft and civilian passenger aircraft facing Chinese aircraft is a well-defined and wide-spaced market. The strategic transformation of large and medium-sized military aircraft on all sides, supported by air-falling and integrated security capabilities, poses an urgent need for large and medium-sized military transport aircraft.
3. There are signs of improvement in the basics of the industry, as well as signs that the company’s own military operations are good. In 2018, our defence budget was overspending, focusing on weapons equipment upgrading.
In the next two years, our equipment will enter a centralized procurement period in which the mainframe plant will benefit fully. The improved performance of the listed companies is clear, showing that the core strength of the industry is the value of the platform for manufacturing large and medium-sized military aircraft with a clear business, concentrated resources and a strong monopoly, which is the company’s longer-term investment value. With the consolidation of assets, the company now owns the core manufacturing resources under the China-China industry.
On the basis of the long, but well-directed path, which is the basis for the development and production of the country's medium- and large-sized military aircraft, the company's current production resources, such as the eight-, seven-, seven- and six-type aircraft, are still the country's main aviation equipment. On this basis, the company, as the platform for the manufacture of the country's medium-sized military aircraft, will also benefit fully from the development of the country's major transport aircraft, 20-, medium-sized transport aircraft-9, as well as the subsequent re-engineering of the larger military transport aircraft.
In contrast to the division of labour between SLW, Shen, and fighter development, the value of medium-sized and medium-sized military aircraft manufacturing peace will be the company’s long-term investment value. The vanguard position of the aircraft in the military medium-sized aircraft market, and the vast market space created by future major battle equipment loadings, will be rated “additional.”
Risk factors: Unexpected procurement of military equipment; Progress in production of company-related military models; Progress in the development and production of national-produced civilian passenger aircraft; Municipal-related study: First-time coverage report for medium- and large-sized aircraft: country's only large- and medium-sized military aircraft platform with long-term investment value; Assessment of medium-sized aircraft in medium-sized aircraft: high revenue profitability and long- and medium-sized military aircraft performance
In September 2015 to August 2017, he worked in the mechanical industry. He joined the Sunda securities industry in September 2017.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.