Yearly assessment of the Chinese aircraft: overall growth is steady and the core business posture is positive. Events: Annual Report 2018 issued by the Chinese aircraft on 19 March 2019. Companies achieved business income of $33.468 billion in 2018, an increase of 7.69 per cent over the same period.
The Chinese aircraft (000768.sz) successfully completed the business plan for 2018 and the business plan for 2019 grew steadily. The company achieved business income of $33,468 million in 18 years and completed the annual plan of 108.66 per cent;
The 19-year plan to deliver 380 units represents a significant increase over previous years, with international cooperation projects expected to deliver $376 million in export delivery, which has remained almost the same as export earnings in recent years.
Operating costs rose slightly, but the ratio of four fees was lower, the share of non-recurring gains and losses was lower, the lead operating profit rate was significantly higher and the net profit from the non-retrogleright period increased substantially.
In China Air: High profit growth in revenue and continued positive performance of large- and medium-sized military aircraft taps. 18.08 Division IV reduced cost ratio and net corporate interest rate of 1.52 per cent, roughly the same as in the previous year. Corporate sales costs were $139 million lower than the same period in the previous year, benefiting mainly from sales services.
The change in the parent company is more positive, reflecting the high performance of military aircraft. The Chinese aircraft currently have eight major subsidiaries in the consolidated statement, except for the new boat series, the shipping-7 aircraft production and development business, which is owned by the Western civilian aircraft, and the remaining major military aircraft operations are within the scope of the parent company’s operations, and the parent company’s statements more reflective of the military aircraft’s operations.
In 2018, the parent company earned $32,622 million, up 11 per cent, and the share of income in the consolidated statements was 97 per cent, which is the highest in five years; the parent company ' s net profit was $599 million, or 29 per cent more than in the previous year, again exceeding the net increase in the consolidated statement, which was still the highest in recent years. In terms of the parent company ' s net interest rate, the parent company ' s net profit rate was 1.84 per cent, up from 0.25 pt in the previous year, and the net profit level was also higher in the last five years.
Sinda Securities Inc. performed more prominently, reflecting the positive development of the company ' s core business.
The company’s core strength lies in the value of the platform for manufacturing large- and medium-sized military aircraft with a clear business, concentrated resources, and a strong monopoly, and the value of the company’s longer-term investment. With the consolidation of assets, the company now has a core manufacturing resource system under the China-China industry, and the company’s integration path is long but clear.
It is true that this is the basis for the development and production of the country’s medium-sized military aircraft, and that the company’s currently-owned production resources, such as transportation-8, bombing-7, bombing-6, are still the main combat equipment. On this basis, the company, which is the manufacturing platform for the country’s medium-sized military aircraft, will also benefit fully from the transformation and upgrading of our large- and medium-sized transport aircraft, as well as the subsequent remodelling of our large military transport aircraft.
The platform ' s value will be the company ' s long-term investment value. \triangleright 17.19) 73, 64 and 52 times, respectively, based on the Chinese aircraft ' s leading position in the military medium aircraft market and the vast array of future major battle equipment
Risk factors: The procurement of large and medium-sized military aircraft is not as fast as expected; they are limited to the delivery capacity of productive companies; \triangleright planning, project pre-research and technical clearances, etc., have been involved in the design of civilian passenger aircraft, such as the c919 and Bombardic series, as well as in a number of major engineering studies in the space field.
This report has been prepared and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVS, providing support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. The report is available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for the general public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.