The Boeing crash was stopped by a multinational aircraft, a Chinese aircraft, a Chinese aircraft, and a Chinese aircraft (000768).
So there are 13 countries and territories, Australia, Agotin, Mexico, Singapore and others, that have grounded Boeing 1, Boeing 737max, the fourth generation of the company's main aircraft, and that have had a significant impact on Boeing, the Boeing 737 series of aircraft, a short- and medium-range double-altitude passenger jet produced by Boeing, which has been commercialized for more than 50 years.
A four-generation Boeing 737 model was developed, and the AE crash was the Boeing 737 IV model. Table 1: Boeing 737 model development. External speculation about the cause of the crash or the "mcas" model. To maintain competition with the Airfarers' a320neo aircraft.
737max replaced a much bigger and more oil-efficient leap engine, but because of the size of the engine, the surface currents on the engine disrupted the air flow on the wing, making it easier for the aircraft to slow down at the corner of the attack. In order to avoid a crash, Boeing also developed a set of mcas stabilization systems to monitor the angle of the attack.
He will compete with the pilots for control of the aircraft and keep the aircraft under control, and only when the pilot's manual operation meets the system's set conditions will the system automatically lose its value and hand over control.
Ordered, 350 were delivered and operated, out of which 97 were operated in the country (as of the end of January 2019). It was reported that 737 max accounted for two thirds of the future delivery of Boeing, with a projected profit of 40%. Bloomberg expected the aircraft to earn $30 billion a year. In 2017, Boeing earned $93.4 billion, with a net profit of $8.2 billion.
2. The crash of a large national aircraft, 0919, a potential competitor for Boeing 737, will lead to a technical challenge and will seriously hamper the development of the aircraft, which will provide a strategic opportunity for its promotion and technological catch-up in the domestic market.
The internal market main course is an important potential opponent of Boeing 737 and Airfleet a 320. We need more than $2 trillion in passenger aircraft over the next 20 years, with an average annual requirement of $100 billion. c919 is expected to test flights this year, with the fastest chance of becoming seaworthy in 2021.
It is revealed that six aircraft will be in flight from 0919 to the end of the year, while they will be in test flight to obtain airworthiness certificates in 2021.
3. The company is the new ship 700, the supplier of the core parts of the arj-21, the new ship 700, which is expected to be the first to fly this year. The new ship series is the only national passenger aircraft currently operating on the route. The company produces the new ship 700-type turbolines, mainly new boats - 60, new boats - 600 and new boats - 700, of which the new ones are new.
By the end of 2017, the company had delivered 109 new ship series aircraft. The new boat -- 600 -- was an upgrade to the new boat -- 60 systems and institutional structures, raising the flight life to 6,000 hours. The new boat -- 700, based on high-end, is expected to be the first to fly this year. The new boat -- 700 -- was launched in 2013 and is currently under development.
After completing the preliminary design review of the aircraft, the detailed design phase, scheduled for the first flight by the end of 2019, with a model qualification in 2021, the aircraft of the same type competed directly at the high end of the market, aiming to achieve a one-third market share in the turboplane market within a decade.
At present, arj21 has flown for almost 10,000 hours, transported more than 300,000 times, opened more than 20 routes, travelled to more than 20 cities, and, according to the master plan of the large aircraft, the arj-21 model is highly adapted to the characteristics of the high plateau and is market-recognized. Arj21 is not technically superior, but can still compete on three features: economics, comfort, and adaptability.
Arj21 has the strongest competitive advantage, with high reliability and safety, long flight life, low fuel consumption, low maintenance costs, etc. Moreover, lower development and production costs have resulted in lower sales prices for arj21 than for aircraft of the same class, such as an arj21-70 million, with more than $40 million worth of crj 700, erj175 and mrj70 units of the same class, and price advantages have led to a wider price for arj21 in Asian and African countries.
China’s strategic transport aircraft and the development platform for the company’s strategic transport and bombers China’s air transport aircraft have been developed in the area of transport aircraft. The transport eight, transport nine, and transport two, are still the main engines of our transport aircraft. The most recent model, model 20, has a huge market space. Transport 20 is better than IL-76, close to c-17.
And structural design, combining some of the characteristics of c-17, with a Russian-produced 4-d-30kp vortex engine (which will be gradually replaced with ws-20) with a maximum take-off weight of 220 tons and a real weight of more than 66 tons.
The new shipment - 9 was officially equipped to the Air Force in 2012, while the multi-type special aircraft with a transport - 9 platform were launched sequentially, including Air Police - 500, High New-6 (anti-submarine), High New-8 (intelligence gathering), High New-9 (electronic interference), Transport-9 Special Combat (special combat) and New High Machines (psychological warfare), most of which are in the production phase.
The company is also a platform for the development of our strategic bombers. Our main bombers are still 6-k, but they are at a greater disadvantage than United States b2 in terms of the number and range of bombs, and they are not yet invisible. Strategic bombers are scarce for our country, but a new generation of long-range strategic bombers are already under development.
Many times, the company’s “very recommended” ratings are maintained. Large aircraft development is not as fast as expected, and orders and delivery of military aircraft are not as fast as expected.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the profile of the research assistant.
Zhang Cheuki's own research opinion. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies