This week's industry perspective: Civil-military integration in the context of advanced depths offers more opportunities for private enterprises with a strong edge.
3 years of reform of the leadership structure, size structure and force formation, with the first two phases largely completed and overall progress planned
At the operational level, the impact in the area of maintenance and security services with lower replacement costs for contracts appears to be faster; private enterprises with high physical strength are more likely to be in the context of advanced civil-military integration. Civil-military integration focuses on civilian-military enterprises that extend their production chain to downstream assembly, sub-system development, particularly in the field of military protection.
We believe that, in further deepening the reform of the defence science and technology industry, the production capacity for scientific research will move from “manage by ownership” to “capacity-based” management, which will form the country-led core capacity, which will be the product of a weekly industry, with a policy perspective.
The key capabilities of state-led and market-based mechanisms to check and balance, as well as the three levels of general capability to fully liberalize competition, are the production of military research and research capabilities for enterprises. Market hot spots, industry depths are being explored, and systems for the evaluation of the pursuit are being developed.
Investors with absolute earnings have an important reference value. It is hoped that the business ceiling, which was previously concentrated on spare parts, non-core devices, will be broken, and that the private enterprise institutional threshold, with the potential for total and subsystem development, will be the [excellent] industry-covering company’s best-selection for each.
These companies need to have a reserve of capital, capacity, and technology that can be changed, and follow-up reviews, with reasons given for the proposed stock changes.
The private advantage of medium-sized manufacturing industries with conversion capabilities, such as Goth-Red, is best placed in the next three months, and my industry, which is most likely to see a prominent performance in this area, to take over the military mandate while at the same time resisting the risk of military cycle fluctuations.
They believe that these stock movements will significantly outpace the market.
1. Market determination, industrial warming, and corporate leadership are three core logics that we recommend at this stage. We recognize that the market for civil-military medium-sized aircraft that companies face is wide-ranging in the long term.
A new generation of major battle equipment will be installed, the procurement cycle for the main war equipment may have been opened and will continue for a long time, and the starting point for the main military-industrial plant will be the air cycle.
The Nucleus Enterprise, which brings together the country's best resources for the design, manufacture and production of the Chinese and Chinese aircraft, and there is no other competition in the area of the transport aircraft against cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
2. The market for medium-sized and medium-sized military aircraft and civilian passenger aircraft facing Chinese aircraft is a demand-defined and wide-spaced market. The strategic transformation of the air force on the surface of large and medium-sized military aircraft requires air-falling and integrated security capabilities to support it, creating an urgent need for national defence.
A series of aircraft to meet the needs of missions in the Asian region. In addition, there is a need for flying panthers, bombing, etc., with companies facing more than $600 billion in markets for military transport, etc. The market space is vast. 3. There are signs of improvement in the basics of the industry, as well as signs of good performance in the company’s own military operations.
During the next two years, our equipment will enter into a centralized procurement period in which the mainframe plant will benefit fully. The improved performance of the listed companies is clear, showing that the core strength of the company is the value of a well-defined, resource-intensive and powerful monopoly platform for manufacturing large and medium-sized military aircraft.
As a result of the consolidation of assets, the company now owns core manufacturing resources under the China-China industry, and the company's integration path, though long, is in a clear direction, i.e. it serves as a base for the development and production of large- and medium-sized military aircraft in our country.
The manufacturing platform will also benefit fully from the adaptation and upgrading of our large- and medium-sized transport aircraft, as well as the subsequent upgrading of our large- and medium-sized military transport aircraft. The value of the medium- and medium-sized military aircraft manufactured will be the company’s long-term investment value, in contrast to the division of labour between Flying and Shen flying in the development of fighter jets.
Risk factors: procurement of military equipment is not as fast as expected; delivery of company-related military models is not as fast as expected; development and production of national-produced civilian passenger aircraft is on schedule; relevant research: First Report on the Covering of Air Shuttles in 20180725 [Sinda Military Engineers]: the country's only large and medium military aircraft platform, with tap status
Long-term investment value, mid-flight rating of 2010828 [Sinda Military Engineers], high revenue profitability, leading field planning for large and medium military aircraft, pre-project research and technical clearance, etc., have been involved in the design of civilian passenger aircraft, such as the c919 and Bombardic series, as well as in major engineering studies in the field of space.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.