This week's industry perspective: fundamentals, policy improvements, structural investment opportunities
Upward movement, significant improvement in net operating cash flow, adequate de-stocking and accelerated delivery of orders will confirm the underlying turning points; our defence budget expenditure is projected to increase by no less than 8.5 per cent in 2019, accounting for about 1.23 per cent-1.25 per cent of the nominal gdp; defence spending is expected to remain primarily directed towards the upgrading of weapons, improving the living conditions of military personnel and training of grass-roots forces; procurement of equipment will be largely eliminated from the effect of military restructuring, 2019 or out.
The current phase of reimbursement peaks; the cycle of purchase orders for the military industry is determined by the equipment development cycle and equipment purchases are on the up-to-date stage. The 2019 policy and reform outlook: military policy will focus on policy system reform, key systems, or location. The three years of military restructuring have seen the reform of the leadership structure, size structure and force formation, the first two phases have been largely completed, and overall progress has been delayed by nearly two years; and the 19 years of focus have been focused.
(Excellent) Improved mechanisms for industrial weekly products, collection of policy foresight, competitive price formation will primarily affect new R & D production, not reflecting the operational aspects of equipment production, contract replacement costs, market hot spots, industry depth, pursuit.
The impact in the lower maintenance and security services area is more rapid; private enterprises with a strong edge are more likely to have opportunities in the context of deeper civil-military integration. Investors with an absolute return have important reference values.
[Excellent push] The competitive market logic of the industry’s coverage of companies, each of which is consistent with the start-up board, has been strengthened; the basic-based “military worker 2.0” phase of the market in 2018 has not yet arrived; and good military industry changes are followed by a follow-up evaluation, with reasons given for the proposed stock changes.
The basics of the industry improve long-term logic, the logic of follow-up investment in the military industry, and focus on whether the military industry can move away from the entrepreneurial board to create a “military worker 2.0” scenario based on the underlying tipping point.
They believe that these stock trends will significantly overcome the market by building investment opportunities in 2019: focusing on aviation and informatization. In 2019, the investment opportunities in the military industry were better defined than in 2018, with variations in the length and size of the major military equipment arrays, and a breakdown of the structural opportunities in the investment direction of the industry.
It's better than private companies, and the mainframe is better equipped. [Excellently] This period: Chinese aircraft (000768.sz) Chinese aircraft (000768.sz)
1. Market determination, industrial warming, and the prominence of the company’s flagship are three core logics that we recommend at this stage for the Chinese aircraft. We recognize that Sindha Securities Inc. has great scope for determining the market demand for civil-military medium-sized aircraft that companies face over the long term.
New generation main battle gears are in gear, the procurement cycle of the main battle equipment may have been opened and will continue for a long time.
The starting point for the booming cycle of the main equipment plant has come. The Chinese aircraft, as a company that manufactures large and medium-sized military aircraft in our country, and as a core company of our backbone civilian passenger aircraft, bring together the best resources for the design and manufacture of the Chinese and Chinese aircraft, and, in the absence of other competing players in the area of transport aircraft, the industry has an incomparable leadership that will benefit from the huge future demand for the procurement of military and civilian passenger aircraft, with outstanding long-term investment value.
2. The market for medium-sized and medium-sized military aircraft and civilian passenger aircraft facing Chinese aircraft is a well-defined and wide-spaced market. The strategic transformation of large and medium-sized military aircraft on all sides, supported by air-falling and integrated security capabilities, poses an urgent need for large and medium-sized military transport aircraft.
3. There are signs of improvement in the basics of the industry, as well as signs that the company’s own military operations are good. In 2018, our defence budget was overspending, focusing on weapons equipment upgrading.
In the next two years, our equipment will enter a centralized procurement period in which the mainframe plant will benefit fully. The improved performance of the listed companies is clear, showing that the core strength of the industry is the value of the platform for manufacturing large and medium-sized military aircraft with a clear business, concentrated resources and a strong monopoly, which is the company’s longer-term investment value. With the consolidation of assets, the company now owns the core manufacturing resources under the China-China industry.
On the basis of the long, but well-directed path, which is the basis for the development and production of the country's medium- and large-sized military aircraft, the company's current production resources, such as the eight-, seven-, seven- and six-type aircraft, are still the country's main aviation equipment. On this basis, the company, as the platform for the manufacture of the country's medium-sized military aircraft, will also benefit fully from the development of the country's major transport aircraft, 20-, medium-sized transport aircraft-9, as well as the subsequent re-engineering of the larger military transport aircraft.
In contrast to the division of labour between SLW, Shen, and fighter development, the value of medium-sized and medium-sized military aircraft manufacturing peace will be the company’s long-term investment value. The vanguard position of the aircraft in the military medium-sized aircraft market, and the vast market space created by future major battle equipment loadings, will be rated “additional.”
Risk factors: Unexpected procurement of military equipment: progress in the production of company-related military models; progress in the development and production of national-produced civilian passenger aircraft, city: First report on the coverage of medium- and large-sized aircraft: our only large- and medium-sized military aircraft platform, with long-term investment value; evaluation of medium-sized aircraft in medium-sized aircraft: high profitability of revenues, long-term military aircraft performance
In September 2015 to August 2017, he worked in the mechanical industry. He joined the Sunda securities industry in September 2017.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.