The Boeing crash highlighted the safety of the country's major aircraft.
On March 13, the United States and Canada announced a halt to the Boeing 737max on the same day, so that all the countries with Boeing 737max8 flights had stopped, in over 50 countries and territories, and China was the first country in the world to issue a stop. In addition to affecting the company’s financial performance, the Boeing crash had been completely passive due to the company’s delay in facing up to the issue, maintaining confidence in security and its total passivity.
The company’s brand image was heavily influenced. 1 The crash was the cause of the crash or the mcas, which exposed the smart airboard shorts and was suspected of being the mcas system, the second incident in May.
The ball 737max aircraft operator issued an announcement warning that the flight control system of the 737max series had a reading error, or that it would cause the plane to dive and fall from its own angle. The investigation report of the Indonesian Lions also confirmed that the wrong nugget data triggered the pressure of the mcas, causing the aircraft to lose control. The Chinese name of the mcas system was the mobility enhancement system, and Boeing 737max designed the mcas system to increase the aircraft.
The power of the 737max engine is greater than that of the other types. It is more advanced in its installation, and it has a greater accelerator to it when it increases its thrust. The mcas can direct that the security surface, when it turns over a large slope, increases the speed at which the load factor and the flaps close to the speed of the speed of failure, the plane will be levelled down in the direction of the aircraft, thereby enhancing the overturning character of the aircraft. The mcas will only be effective when the flaps are closed, and no pilot will be required.
Voice warns of the possible cause of a plane dive when Indonesian lions fail to fly manually. The crash was highly similar to the lion's accident, and the problem is likely to be in the mcas stabilization system.
Intelligent navigational systems are the way forward, and mcas are the alarm bells for the development of the navigational systems. With technological advances, new technologies in civil aviation can be continuously applied to the aircraft system as civil aircraft and their important airborne systems, which are referred to as the "brains" of the aircraft.
With the Five Officers, the aim is to provide technical support for the realization of intelligent aircraft, with the capability to provide a display of aircraft status and parameters, the capability to provide aircraft data networks, the capability to provide aircraft and external communications, the ability to provide guidance for aircraft to travel safely and accurately along established routes on time, and the ability to manage aircraft well.
By controlling these systems, system software can achieve real-time capability and improve system detection and identification. Intelligentization of a navigational system is an important future direction for airborne systems, but more careful design and testing is needed in the upgrading process.
In the mcas system of the 737max series, the proxies are detected on both sides of the aircraft, but the software design does not consider sensor failure. When the sensor signal is inconsistent, the system does not remove the failure function, but prefers to use the most extreme data to put pressure on the head, causing the plane to dive into death. This simple, crude system design ultimately leads to catastrophic consequences and a warning bell for the development of the navigational power system.
C919 was designed to target the most powerful: Boeing 737max and Airfarers a320neo. C919 and Boeing 737max, motors, were co-made and integrated engine hangers were designed with an additional 2% reduction. And, due to the after-effect advantage, c919 was more advanced than Boeing 737 and Airfleet a320 on the four most important elements: aerodynamic layout, body structure, power installations, airborne systems.
Space systems are today's “most powerful brains”, using the latest technology, i.e. an aeronautical electronic system (afdx) based on exchange technology, modularization and open design, with functional extension and performance upgrades as required, with integrated information systems-ima at the heart of the system, which includes multiple sources of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
Common information processing modules, data acquisition modules, storage modules, etc., each information processing module has the same hard/software, with different applications loaded, enabling different tasks to be performed, relying on a strong information processing capability, signals obtained by front-end sensors can be transmitted directly toima for processing. As a result of improved system integration, the number of system equipment is reduced in the context of enhanced functionality, contributing to reduced structural weight and improved maintenance performance through one.
With the introduction of advanced technology, the 0919 passenger aeronautical electronic system is well equipped to meet user requirements for aircraft safety, economics and maintenance, which has helped to improve the competitiveness of the c919 aircraft.2 The global shutdown of the aircraft has had a significant impact on companies, and Boeing is in crisis.
According to Boeing’s official network, the number of outstanding orders in the Boeing 737max series is currently as high as 4636, and this year Boeing estimates that the aircraft will receive about $30 billion annually, yielding 57 tons. China accounts for 20% of the volume of Boeing 737max aircraft, while the newest 737max8 accounts for one-third of Boeing’s business benefits.
Although Boeing's aircraft continued to receive new orders after last year's plane crash, apparently without any loss of orders, during the same six months there were major accidents with the same new aircraft, and the accident process was highly similar, raising global questions about the safety of the 737max aircraft.
The previous crash had led to the removal of the lion's order and the transfer of the passenger to the arms. According to CNN, on March 12, the Indonesian Lions Air announced in the media that the company was already implementing a major plan, with all 222 Boeing 737max8 aircraft ordered by the company going on a one-time basis.
All orders were cancelled (with a total value of $22 billion, 11 have now been delivered, all 211 will be cancelled, one will crash and 10 may be returned), and plans are under way to order the aircraft of the European Airbus company, the aircraft a321neo, the main Boeing competitor. The parties have not yet reached an agreement, but they have agreed to delay the delivery of the four Boeing 737max aircraft ordered by the Lions. The four aircraft were scheduled to be delivered in May this year.
Boeing may face billions of dollars in air operators’ claims for landings. A 737max passenger cabin layout of 162 to 210 seats, with 10 737max, with an average occupancy rate of 70%, based on four flight segments per day per aircraft, would also result in a loss of capacity for the airline in about 5,000 seats per day.
According to Wall Street Meliusresearch and jefferies, the cost of landing all 737max aircraft for three months is estimated to be approximately $1 billion-$50 billion, and Boeing could face billions of dollars in airline claims if the accident were to be confirmed as a result of design defects. On 11 November, the China Eastern Airlines Company stopped all 737-8 commercial flights, and it was reported that the future of the Easter Airlines would be lost by the Boeing Dynamite.
The founder and CEO of Air Norway, Bjørn Shaws, announced that Norwegian Airlines would seek compensation from Boeing America for the shutdown.