Hyconways (002415.sz) 3024 company returns 1.67% more and short-term business growth slows down. huhui2 @guosen.com.cn achieved revenue in the first three quarters of the company
The income of ebg and pbg is rising in the three quarters, with short-term pressure on smbg.
Operations such as water services, disaster prevention and response, emergency management, etc., are supported by state debt, management of communication related to digital governance, government governance operations continue to rise: influenced by weak social needs, financial constraints, etc.
Three quarters of the negative growth of smbg, the company’s initiative to lower stock to distributors in order to ease stock occupancy by distributors Overseas and innovation have continued to grow at a slower rate than in the first half of the year. In the four major overseas operations, income growth has been positive in the last three quarters, with business centres in Central and East Africa growing faster; the overseas model has gradually been sold out of products.
Sales to project-based sales have been growing at a better rate, except for video, for non-video products, and, on the other hand, for regions in South-East Asia and the Middle East, for which project demand has been increasing. Innovative operations have been slowed by the impact of domestic demand at the end of the spectrum, with microfiche, auto-electronics, fire-fighting, etc. growing faster.
Business mitigation efficiency needs have increased, and the digitalization of the scene has led to long-term growth dynamics. Recently, the company and the National Energy Corporation launched a joint project entitled “Integration Spectrum Coal Rapid Detection Technology” to enable a large amount of coal samples to be detected online in real time through multi-dimensional sensing, double-model, neural network algorithms, i-models, etc.
Quality control has entered the era. According to Roland Berg and Hua, the potential digital value of manufacturing, financial insurance, zero sales, energy power, etc., is more than $2 trillion, and the digitalization of business scenes will become the engine of long-term corporate growth as demand increases for lower efficiency gains.
Investment Recommendations: We value the long-term growth dynamics of corporate resilience and industrial intelligence, short.
Increased net profit from non-repatriation by 13 per cent over the same period, Increased net profit from repatriation by 14 per cent over the same period for the first quarter of Haiconway (002415.sz)-3q23, Figure 2: Company collection structure in recent years (in billions of yuan)
Figure 3: Corporate net profit return and increase over the last five years (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 4: Company Māori rate and net interest rate over the last five years (in %, per cent) Figure 5: Company cost over the last five years (%)
Figure 6: Companies ' R & D inputs and their share of revenues over the last five years (millions of yuan, %) Authors ensure that data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party through reasonable judgement or conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future