The digital supply and demand resonance of the scene and the elasticity of the expected performance in reducing the efficiency gains
The central position of the company is alot, and the first growth curve is a business in the company’s alot strategy.
Market value (RM): 30.64 yuan; the digitalization of the scene is the second growth curve of the company’s alot strategy.
The average annual investment in the digital transformation of enterprises is more than 2-10 times that of security.
The company responded to the digital transition needs of thousands of industries downstream.
Accumulative sense technology and ai, big data capacity to foster digitalization of all types of long-term development confidence. 2024.10.20 Transformable products.
In-depth research by Heconway: Global Smart Conveyance, Seen to Faraway Speed Analyzer, for example, instrument travels by multi-dimensional senses, double-modular neural network algorithms, ai. 2024.8.29
Technologies such as models, which analyse organic and inorganic components in coal, detect key indicators of coal heat, moisture, ash and sulphur, end up in two minutes as sampled coal. The project was created in July 2022, after several rounds of product.
In October of this year, the launch of the third generation of products is expected to generate billions of dollars in revenue. In terms of commercial value, the instrument can now be used in coal mines, ports, fire power plants, coal plants, etc., and can be extended to coal production in the future.
In the coming years, companies initially expect that the market space for the product will be billions of dollars, or even more. In a pro-cyclical context, demand-side efficiency gains are expected to provide elastic performance.
On the industry side, the pace of issuance of special-purpose debt has increased, and the overall and capital needs of the subsectors of pbg are active; when the stock of the smbg sector as a whole is reduced, it will increase the business base of the company (RMB)
elasticity; high growth potential in offshore emerging markets, with non-video-type operations increasing faster and project-type sales increasing (currently 20-30 per cent); sustained resource tilt in innovative business, with high development potential.
Sustained, a better balance of input output can be achieved, with income-side growth expected to recover and performance elasticity expected after next year, if the domestic policy package is gradually reduced to a net profit of millions of yuan.
On the basis of the three-quarterly reports and the expectation of future warming of domestic market demand, we have adjusted the roe (belonging to the parent company) to 18.77 per cent. The domestic macro recovery has fallen short of expectations; the geopolitical environment has tightened; and the risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
The firm’s central position is alot, and the first growth curve is one of the business directions of the Department’s alot strategy; the digitalization of the scene is the second growth curve of the company’s alot strategy.
In the case disclosed by irppt, in different industries such as steel, new energy, electricity, the average annual amount invested in the digital transformation of enterprises is more than 2-10 times the amount of security inputs. The technology layout expands the supply capacity, adds flexible production patterns, penetrates market channels, and responds to the downstream digitalization transition.
The company develops digital transformational products based on a wealth of cognitive techniques and ai, big data capabilities accumulated in the field of smart goods. Using the company’s recently launched Integrated Spectrum Coal Rapid Analyser by the United Nations Group, instruments can analyse organic and inorganic components of coal through multi-dimensional sensing, double-modular neural network algorithms, ai models, etc.
Key indicators of coal heat, moisture, ash and sulfur are completed within 2 minutes, which will reduce the settlement cycle, improve the precision of coal formulation, increase the flexibility of the blending and increase the efficiency of automation in port production. This project was set up in July 2022 and has been updated over multiple rounds of products and is expected to launch a third generation of products in October of this year.
In terms of commercial value, the instrument can now be used in coal mines, ports, fire power plants, coal-chemical plants, etc., and can be expanded to include long tailings such as coal production, optimizing coal matching, and improving the quality of coal combustion. In the coming years, companies have initially predicted that the market space for this product will be billions of dollars or even more.
Chart 1: In recent years, the company has introduced a series of new products based on coal dual-spectral signals, including X-ray-based industrial testing products, infrared-based industrial warming products, and so forth.
Many industries, such as products, lithium batteries, have fault detections, alien detection scenes, and product quality upgrading, and a wide range of product applications will provide companies with billions of dollars of market space. Infrared products are based on company mems technology, using self-research infrared sensors, and can be used in areas such as industrial temperature measurement, edification, etc., with wide market space.
The Division ' s introduction in 2022 of primary-generation products, which is expected to result in tens of millions of grades of revenue, demand-side procyclicals, is expected to result in elasticity of performance in the current year and next year respectively, faster issuance of specific debt in the domestic sector and more dynamic demand for verbization; reduced stock in the smbg sector as a whole will increase the elasticity of business development; and development of emerging markets outside the country.
There is good potential, non-video-type operations are growing faster and project-type sales are increasing (currently 20-30%): innovative business continues to be slant in resources and has great potential for development. Intra-firm optimization and cost-control efforts continue, resulting in better input output balance, a domestic package of policies that is gradually landing, and revenue-end growth is expected to return to a warmer pace, with elasticity expected in the years to come.
Appendices: 3 forecast summaries of statements
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market