The growth of weak demand and income has slowed and is expected to improve in the future.
On October 25, 2024, the company issued a three-quarterly report, the first three quarters of which resulted in a weak domestic market demand, an overall stabilization of overseas markets, and a partial slowdown in income-side growth. In the first three quarters of the year, the income of pbg grew at a positive rate.
1. Heconway Review: The launch of a large increase and buy-back programme highlights a small increase in ebg, negative growth in smbg due to the reduction of stocks, a decline in the rate of growth in the innovation sector compared to the first half of the year, and a slowdown in the rate of growth in foreign major industries.
In-depth research by Heconway: Global Smart Links, to see the distant, Māori and cost rates are relatively stable, reflecting the competitiveness and management capacity of the company, former stability, and show good competitive advantages and product innovation of the company.
At 13.44 per cent, 13.37 per cent and 13.37 per cent, respectively, the cost of R & D, sales, management, and finance, the impact has been felt, and the size of the staff has remained stable; demand-side warming is expected to improve, internal optimization costs are expected to moderate, and domestic ownership is expected to moderate.
On the industry side, the issuance of special-purpose debt has accelerated, while the performance of the pbg sub-sectors has been mixed; ebg has been active in the digital demand for business-reducing efficiency gains, and technological innovation has brought value to industrial development and business development to companies.
New opportunities; increased elasticity in business development when the stock of the industry as a whole is reduced; good development potential in offshore emerging markets, faster growth in non-video-type operations and higher share of project-type sales; continued resource bias in innovative operations and development potential
There's going to be a backlash. Optimization within the company and cost control work are going on, creating a better balance between output and input.
Based on the three-quarterly reports and expectations of future warming of domestic market demand, we have adjusted the risk of the domestic macro recovery below expectations; the risk of a tightening geopolitical environment; and the risk of gaining access to more services.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market