In the recent past, the tri-quarterly report in 2024 was released by Hackaway, and in the first three quarters of 2024 the company achieved 64,991 million yuan in operating income, an increase of 6.06 per cent over the same period the previous year; the net return to the mother was $8,108 million.
The company achieved business income of $23,782 million in the third quarter of the year, a positive increase in the third quarter of the business line except for Smbg, as compared to the same period of the previous year.
Micro-Credit Public for Investor Relations: 1) pbg Operations: pbg 3-quarter revenue positive, water, disaster prevention, emergency management \triangleright
The share of high-governance-related operations, such as traffic management and government governance, in pbg continues to increase; 2) ebg operations: ebg operations have continued to grow at a modest rate in the third quarter of the year. While domestic economic growth expectations are generally weak and investment across sectors slows down, the digital demand for business mitigation efficiency remains alive
By industry, intelligent architecture continues to grow negatively; industrial enterprises are affected by the slowdown in investment in such industries as photovoltaics, lithium power, automobiles, etc. Growth is under pressure; and other industries such as petrochemical coal, human health, education, electricity, Yang Littensian
(c) Smbg: negative growth in the third quarter of single-quarters, companies taking into account weak social demand, tight capital levels, etc., have taken the initiative to de-stock their distributor partners and ease their inventory occupancy
(iv) Off-shore operations: growth continued but slowed in the first three quarters, with income from four major operations centres
(b) Innovative business: influenced by domestic demand, the growth rate in the third quarter was lower than in the first half of the year.
Businesses such as auto electronics, fire fighting, etc. grew faster. 2024q3 fiscal policies continued to be in place or contributed to business recovery, efficiency gains continued to increase, company industries \triangleright
According to Heiconway's Wirtschaftsprüfer, in the first half of 2024, special-purpose debt was issued at $1.49 trillion, and special debt at $2024q3 at $2.1 trillion, an increase of $1 trillion, and wealth 3. Heiconway (002415.sz) reported in the second half of 2023, compared to the same period last year.
Political policy continues to be in place or signals of corporate business recovery; the company is currently pooling its resources at headquarters and in the country.
Key regional sharing will continue to drive down efficiency gains in the future. Investment advice: companies are stimulating fiscal policy or experiencing business recovery, adding up to lower efficiency gains and continuing to do so. 3-quarterly reviews: low points have passed, and innovation is growing robustly
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.