Heaconway (002415.sz) ebg is resilient, overseas and innovative business is growing robustly.
The performance of 2024 companies as a whole has been robust, with a rise in revenue and net profit from non-repatriation. 2024 companies achieved a growth rate of the same for huhui2@guosen.com.cn ebg, driven by demand for efficiency gains in their firms.
s098052210003 Revenue of $7.49 billion, an increase of 7.05 per cent over the same period, with the exception of smart buildings, industrial enterprises, petrochemicals, coal, education, electricity, finance, commerce, steel colour, and eight sub-businesses, with the exception of smart buildings, which continue to grow.
With the initial transformation of the smart goods coalition strategy, industrial intelligence has gradually become an initiative for development. By widening its online channels and product categories, the smbg earns $5,789 million, an increase of 0.64 per cent over the same period. Pbg is under pressure and earns $5,693 million, a decrease of 9.25 per cent compared to the same period.
An, the traffic police industry continues to go down, developing countries that are supported by national debt, such as water, disaster prevention, emergency management, and so on, have continued to grow, with innovative operations growing by 26 per cent. Overseas operations have been growing better in the first half of the year, with revenues of $14.1 billion, or 17.5 per cent, compared with nearly 70 per cent in developing countries, cutting off the United States.
The country’s markets have been affected by growth in four regions: the Americas, the Pan-European, the Pan-Asia-Pacific, and Central and East Africa. Thanks to the ocean’s billions of dollars, 26 per cent more than the same year; the storage business, car electronics, 60 per cent faster than the same year, the machine and thermal imaging business, and the robotic business, the agv and the industrial camera have grown faster.
The digitalization of the business landscape has led to long-term growth dynamics, and the growth of multi-dimensionally sensed products has led to a broadening of business. According to Roland Berg and Hua, the digitalization of industries such as manufacturing, financial insurance, retailing, energy power, etc.
With a potential value of over $2 trillion, the digitalization of the business landscape will be the driving force for sustained growth. In terms of business content, Heconway's vision has expanded from visible light to visual, infrared, ultrasound, radar, etc., and has integrated a wide range of perception technologies, from past behavioral changes of concern to pass through.
"Hiconway (002415.sz) - A spiral of perception and cognitive technology that leads intelligently informed products to obtain situational information and solves specific problems, and the opening of business width. "Hiconway (002415.sz)-1q24 rises by 13% in net profit from non-mothership on a year-on-year basis.
Investment Recommendations: We value the long-term growth dynamics of corporate resilience and industrial intelligence, short.
Figure 2: Companies ' collection structure in recent years (in billions of yuan) Figure 3: Companies ' net profit and increase (in billions, per cent) from non-mothers in the last five years Figure 5: Companies ' cost rate in the last five years (%)
Figure 6: Companies ' R & D inputs and their share of revenues over the last five years (millions of yuan, %) Authors ensure that data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party through reasonable judgement or conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future