The mid-2024 performance rating: the short-term pressure of traditional operations and the support of innovative operations for robust growth in the long term
A 5 per cent decline in the same year and a 5.24 billion yuan net profit from non-return to the mother, an increase of 4 per cent in the same year, including 23.39 billion yuan in the second quarter, an increase of 9 per cent in the same year, $3.15 billion net profit from the mother, a decline in the same year 11 per cent, $3.48 billion net profit from non-return to the mother, an increase of 0.02 per cent in the same year, and fluctuations in the domestic economy.
Promising performance in the first half of the year was due mainly to the continued optimization of the cost structure and innovation driven by income growth: 1) the continued investment in the area of smart mixes and digitalization of scenes, resulting in sales of high value-added products and contributing to overall income growth. 2) the company increased its R & D investment, and
By improving management and marketing efficiency, the product structure has been further optimized and the gross interest rates on major products have been raised. 3) Increased cost control and efficiency in the automation of production lines have effectively offset some of the cost pressures. As companies continue to break through in the area of innovation and contract deep in the global market, companies will have a future.
• The short-term pressure on traditional operations and the long-term growth dynamic of the digitized transformation of the ai: early in 2024, local fiscal investment tightened and investment slowed down in downstream industries.
Corporate income from traditional business practices is constrained. With a definite trend towards technological innovation for government firms to boost efficiency gains and stimulate high-quality economic development, companies are expected to generate long-term growth dynamics for the three major groups of firms that are expected to contribute to a continuing literal transformation of the number of large-scale i-model enabling enterprises.
▪ Automobile electronics, robotics and thermal imaging leading innovative business to create a new growth engine: in the first half of 2024, companies achieved revenues of $10.328 billion, an increase of 26.13 per cent, or 25.06 per cent of corporate revenue. In the area of innovation, companies are in automobiles electronics, robotics, and motors.
In the first half of 2024, motor electronics revenue was increased by more than 60%, mainly from the restructuring of the radar subsidiary, Sensteak, and
The field of robotic visualization and agv in robotics should, with excellent technical capabilities, be automated in domestic and foreign markets, especially in factories.
In the field of emergency management and disaster prevention, thermal imaging technology has increased demand significantly in the semi-annual year 2022, giving further impetus to the rapid growth of the business.
Reporting points: Income meets expectations, profits become more profitable, business complementarities, and provide a solid foundation for the company’s future sustainability. Focus more on the Happiness Line behind the Clouds
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the “buy-in” rating is maintained, taking into account the current lack of effective domestic demand, the expected weakness of objective area layout, the continuous increase in revenues from innovative business and the share of revenues.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.