In mid-2024, a performance evaluation was reported. The Hai Conway (002415.sz) event: the company published its semi-annual report for 2024. The company collected $41,209 million in the first half of 2024.
Overall performance was robust, and there was an increase in overseas and innovative business: in the first half of 2024, the corporate innovation portfolio grew significantly into a new growth curve for the company, thanks to its subsidiaries, the Firestone Network, Heikang Wu Jian.
Robots, Heicon microscopics, etc., have a leading role in their respective fields of expertise, as well as continuous innovation in the combination of smart-ass technologies and market demand. During the reporting period, innovation generated a total of $10.328 billion (yoy+26.13%), of which automobile electronics were bought for Samsteak and for natural reasons in the domestic and foreign markets.
Growth and rapid expansion reached $1.606 billion (yoy+60.35 per cent). Robot operations generated 2,744 million (yoy+45 per cent), especially agv (a auto-guided vehicle), which is strong in both domestic and foreign markets. Smart households collected $2,449 million (yoy+12.17 per cent) and overseas markets grew.
Rapidly. The thermal imaging operations benefited from increased demand, supported by domestic emergency management, particularly national debt, and contributed to an increase in the income of Haikang microfilm at $1.83 billion (yoy+24.05 per cent). Storage operations were significantly increased by the recent price increases, resulting in a revenue of $1.312 billion (yoy+65.51 per cent).
In the first half of 2024, public service groups (pbg) under pressure fell to $5.693 billion (youy-9.25 per cent).
The company's strategic restructuring of the pbg operations has led to an increase in the share of transport management and municipal environmental operations, effectively mitigating overall operations.
Under pressure; combining traditional security operations with emerging social governance needs to meet the growing demand for efficiency and cost-effectiveness in the public service sector. ebg Enterprise grew from three traditional major industries, generating $7,489 million (Yoy+7.05 per cent).
This business block is composed of nine major industries, with eight other sectors, namely industry, energy, education, electricity, finance, trade, metals, and cultural health, growing in the first half of 2024, despite the decline in the intelligent construction sector. Ebg subsectors rely mainly on their own funds for development, despite the overall investment rate.
The corporate rating has slowed down the overall performance on a seasonal basis, but the demand for business efficiency and cost reduction remains pressing. By doing so, companies are becoming more dynamic and innovative.
Deepen understanding of the needs of users in the industry, continuously introducing high-priced and targeted products to help enterprises respond to the challenges posed by economic volatility and promote digital transformation.
Compared to this improvement, the business of Smbg, whose innovative business grew steadily, earned $5,789 million (yoy+0.64%) during the reporting period. During this period, the company focused on the development of synergies between online and offline channels, through the continuous expansion and enrichment of its products.
Through close cooperation with channel partners, Heconway has increased market penetration, while making effective use of social media platforms to increase product outreach. Profit is affected by special costs, and recovery is expected in the second half of the year: this quarter, companies are writing off their shares in 2021
The incentive plan recognizes a special cost, which, in accordance with the relevant accounting standards, includes the unamortized equity incentive cost of $471 million as a one-time gain or loss and is marked as a non-recurring gain or loss, which has a greater impact on net profits in the second quarter. The company continues to control personnel by repurchases and write-offs of approximately $97.4 million, or 1.0439 per cent of the total equity.
Current expenditures lead to a large difference between net return profits and non-net profits, but they do not affect company operations and cash flows, and the company’s future financial outlook remains robust. Deepening multi-dimensional and comprehensive technology leads to a digital transition: in the field of digitalization, companies compare.
Leading firms in the vertical field display unique advantages and differentiated competitive strategies. Building a strong technological base, based on a comprehensive and in-depth accumulation of technology, including multi-dimensional sensing, ai capabilities, and big data analysis techniques.
The company’s expertise in product engineering enables the company to quickly translate user needs into product specifications, and then to develop products adapted to market needs.
Soft production lines can respond to small and multiple production challenges and maintain efficient and high-quality product exports. Companies have a competitive advantage in digitalization of their presence, providing a solid basis for their continued expansion of large-scale effects in intense market competition, and for raising market-protected rivers.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.