Ecurities Centre for Resources and Environmental Research
On April 28, Middle Sea Control released its report for the first quarter of 2021. q1 achieved business income of $10.553 billion, an increase of 62.75 per cent in the same year; mother ' s net profit of $27.617 billion, an increase of 78.73 per cent in the same year; and lost prices kept high and q1 performed well.
Box shortages, inland transport delays and other factors remain unresolved, supply chain bottlenecks persist, with price relays increasing by 76% compared to the previous year, and the ring by 5%. Companies do everything they can to secure global transport services through measures such as steady movement, guaranteed supply boxes, service delivery, etc., with a significant increase in operating efficiency compared to the same period in the previous year.
The Annual Report was in line with expectations, with the introduction of profit-distributors $99,299 million in revenue from container shipping operations, an increase of 63.56 per cent over the same period, mainly an increase of 85 per cent to $2975 in international single-box revenue. Although the price of q1 went up, the unit price of fuel consumed rose by 56 per cent to $633 per cent.
The company’s controlling shareholders have been able to increase their holdings and show confidence in the company’s development.
Work closely with the shipping industry chain to promote end-to-end and digitalization of shipping. It is expected that the international economic and trade patterns will continue to adjust in 2022, and the uncertainties associated with the new crown epidemic may still threaten economic recovery.
The company actively works closely with the shipping industry chain and promotes end-to-end and digitalization of shipping, with the hope of better responding to changing trade patterns, digital transformation and green environment issues. (1) Two brands work with the other members of the Ocean Alliance, with wider coverage, better quality, faster delivery and more stable service delivery.
(b) The development of a land- and sea-based integrated business model to provide more reliable and secure “end-to-end” services to clients; and (c) to facilitate the digital transformation of operations to provide customers with full-flow, multi-channel, visualized online maritime services and products.
Jung-soo, risk of significant expansion of shipping power; risk of large increases in oil prices; and risk of an over-expected downturn in the global economy.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment