Revenue from self-financed market-based investment portfolio operations, Galaxy, China (601881), semi-annual reviews
In recent semi-annual reports issued by the Galaxy, China, the company realized operating income of 4.31 billion yuan in 2018h1, a 24 per cent decrease in the same year; net profit for the mother, 1.31 billion yuan, a 37.9 per cent decrease in the same year; total assets, 263.17 billion yuan, an increase of 3.3 per cent compared to the beginning of the period; net assets for the mother, 64.53 billion yuan, a decrease from the beginning of the period \triangleright
Within the country, the firm has further expanded its debt operations and rationalized its short- and long-term debt financing structure, mainly by expanding its short-term borrowing, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual growth, the steady growth in light asset operations and the drag on its own investments. 2018h1, the company achieved operating income of $4.31 billion, a 24 per cent decrease in the same year, but from the same period.
According to \triangleright sub-operations, overall performance is stable, with significant losses in single-source investment operations. Brokering continues to be the largest pillar of current operating income, accounting for 39.7%, while light assets account for more than 50% of total receipts (8% of investment and 9.4% of management operations) and heavy assets
The share of the business was reduced to 35% due to the loss of self-employment investments, and the brokering customer resources supported the full business development by holding Ali Yun together to build the system. 2018h1, the company achieved agency trading of securities plus trading orders \triangleright
In response to the decline in the market share rate, the company has developed a strong system for the development of “China's Galaxy securities app3.0” and signed with Arihuun.
A comprehensive data-intelligence cooperation agreement, which continuously promotes the development of information technology, the transformation of brokering, the rapid growth of other debt-taking operations with large customer resources, and an upturn in investment operations.
The scale of equity financing in our capital markets has declined significantly, with ipo financing falling by 26.4 per cent over the year and refinancing by 17.9 per cent over the same period. With regard to corporate progress in bond variety and market ownership, particularly with regard to undertaking more green bonds, accelerating pro-poor bond projects and completing corporate first-ever medium-term instruments to support micro-enterprise finance, we believe that companies are in an unfavourable overall market environment.
There has been no reversal in performance, and breakthroughs in debt-indebted projects have accumulated a certain amount of customer resources and industry, and it is expected that the investment portfolio will continue to move forward in the future. Investment management revenue has increased, but the scale of the transition has begun to decline.
\triangleright represents an 8.2 per cent increase in the current management sector, which is exposed to the risk of “harmonizing regulatory standards, breaking trades, eliminating multi-layered mosaics and curbing access operations” and a robust growth in credit operations. 2018h1, corporate credit operations (financing coupons + equity pledge) generated revenue of $3.24 billion
\triangleright \, and actively introduce high-quality projects to achieve a reasonable replacement of the project and ensure income growth while keeping the risk at a reasonable level.
\triangleright is consistent with the trend towards market segmentation of equity debt, but with a smaller adjustment, the equity share is still larger. According to our observations, trade-related gold financing represents a current disposal loss of $1.81 billion, almost double the same ratio (the corresponding subject is measured at fair value and its changes are accounted for in current gains and losses).
We see a steady recovery in corporate investment and an integrated wealth-management transformation strategy based on traditional strong brokering.
The stock market has contracted further, the investment business has not developed as expected, stock pledge risk events, self-employment losses have expanded further, brokering operations have not been coordinated with the expected financial and intellectual growth of the East.
The 4th place in the real estate industry is a source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
Name. 2014 million information year: "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasting Accurately in Real Estate." 2016: Research Assistant for Investment in Sky-Eye Real Estate.
Graduated from Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space, and master's degree from Beijing University. Has worked for many years in Tetsu, Yunfeng Finance, Hong Kong. A great deal of work and research has been done in the fields of Internet finance and finance technology.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.