Incident 3: Co-operation agreement between the company and the Korea-based CMC and Intel International Ltd. for the semi-conductor silicon silica polish project to co-invest in the establishment of a subsidiary crystallized semiconductor with crystals
A total of 700 million yen (approximately 42.98 million yuan equivalent) was invested in offshore joint ventures to be set up through the Japanese wholly-owned subsidiary to carry out operations such as machinery and equipment, pipe parts, etc.
Stock orders support high performance growth in 2018, semiconductor orders are expected to accelerate landing 1.04 billion (+56 per cent) of the core business crystal growth equipment.
Upward, overseas market orders have been steadily developed; orders for semiconductor equipment have been obtained in excess of 450 million (including the winning bid), semiconductor 8-inch single-crystals have been supplied in bulk and 12-inch single-crystal furnaces and processing equipment such as single-crystal silicon mills, cut-off machines, etc., are expected to reach mainstream customers at an accelerated rate.
By the end of H1, the company had not completed a total of 2,422 million contracts (including 132 million semiconductor equipment), of which 788 million had been contracted for all deliveries, 1,309 million had been contracted for partial deliveries and 325 million had not yet reached the delivery date.
The current inventory order corresponds to unrecognised tax-free revenue of $2.07 billion, the production cycle of the equipment (3 months) and the receipt and inspection cycle (3-5 months), and I have significantly increased profitability and cost control over the period.
The Māori rate for the main business crystal growth facility is 41 per cent and +5.6 ptt. We believe that Māori fluctuations are mainly due to the diversification of the company ' s products as the product upgrades and product lines expand, and that the value loss is only 0.5 per cent of total income, compared to 2.9 ptt.

The co-operative Korea-Canadian company has moved into the field of polished materials, and the synergies are worth looking for the carrier's orders to land! Semiconductor performance begins.
2018-07-12 Gas (15%) and Mask (13%) while Korea ' s ace nanom chemical stylist is silicon 2, Crystal Gear (300316): Photovoltaic
Specialized companies for the manufacture of semiconductor polish and other special areas. New Deal Impact Assessment of Crystal Gear Power, which has been selected for use by a large number of customers around the world, such as the United States, Japan and China.
In addition, the company, through the Japanese subsidiary, in cooperation with the Prometheus Club, will establish Sun Dynasty, which will operate in mechanical equipment, pipe parts and components and improve the precision of semiconductor equipment.
Business. We believe that these two kinds of collaborations help companies build the integration of semiconductor equipment plus materials.
Super-expected logic 2018-05-03 Projected PV revenue for the company in 2018-2019 is 2.5 billion and 20 billion, respectively: semiconductor revenue is conservatively projected at 400 billion and sapphire at 200 million and 400 million, respectively.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board