400 million semiconductor orders landed! Semiconductor performance began to materialize.
The first and second packages of equipment for the four-part Silicon semiconductor 8-12 inches of circuits were purchased with a total of 403 million; of these, 360 million were single crystal furnaces, and 42 million were cut off and grinders.  semiconductor orders landed, and performance began to materialize!
The winning middle ring leading semiconductor material company, Inc., was set up with the co-financing of the crystals engine, the central ring shares and the non-tin municipalities to carry out the silicon-free integrated circuits project (10 per cent of the shares, 30 per cent of the central ring shares, 30 per cent of the central ring Hong Kong and 30 per cent of the non-tin development, respectively).
According to the public information of the CDC, the project for the Central Ringless Silicon Project has a total investment of 20 billion yuan and a planned investment of 5 billion yuan in 2018, which will eventually result in the production of 8 inches of silicon 1 million per month and 12 inches of silicon 600,000 per month. In 2018, the construction of a suitable plant and ancillary facilities was completed, and the equipment was imported into the plant.
According to our previous judgment, Krypsum, as the country’s scarce semiconductor-grade single-crystal supplier, is a 10% shareholder in the middle ring-free project, with the central ring giving preference to the Kryptonian set-up in the extension. The arrival of this order confirms our previous views, and it is worth noting that this time,
In addition to the 8-12 inch single-crystal furnaces, there are medium-stage equipment cutters and grinders (in collaboration with the Japanese Saito Fine Machines). The company semiconductor monocrystals have become a world-class equipment supplier, with a large silicon whole-line manufacturing capacity of 80%. The downfall of this order means that the company has been operating semiconductor for a long time.
As the center ring silicon project continues, the crystals order is expected to be much higher than expected.
With 2.4 billion investments (1.68 billion in equipment), the total amount invested is 14.4 billion yuan (a total investment of 550 million yuan (of which 390 million are in equipment) for 8 inches of equipment, and a total investment of 5.5 billion yuan (of which 3.9 billion are in equipment);
The total investment of 8 inch + 12 inch is $19.9 billion (our model estimates match the project ' s scale of investment), and the total equipment requirements are 13.38 billion, of which 3.5 billion are for single crystals, according to which the project ' s equipment investment is estimated to be about 14 billion, and the project is expected to be flat.
1: Crystal Gestures: A light-voltage New Deal versus Crystals (880 million single-crystal furnaces). The optimistic assumption is that crystals power accounts for 70 per cent of total procurement, corresponding to approximately 2.5 billion equipment per year
Transistor Power: Obtaining 860 million orders; neutral assumption: crystals power accounts for 50 per cent of total purchases, corresponding to an annual order of approximately 1.8 billion equipment, confirming a continuous order close to the par value age
So we believe that semiconductor project orders are expected to be substantially higher than market expectations over the next four years. So, photovoltaics are valued at 20 times as much as 20 times as per industry policy, and semiconductors 50 times as estimated, with a reasonable value of $33 billion in market value, in line with our performance expectations for 2019.
The supply and demand gap for silicon is high, the country's production of silicon equipment is a historic opportunity, the real demand downstream reflects a high climate of certainty, and the price increase for silicon continues into 2021. The heat of downstream demand is passed down to the end of production, and the top five silicon manufacturers are still unable to fully open up to meet the order.
The price of silicon tablets has been running continuously since 201701 because of the limited supply and the large increase in demand, and the significance of the silicon silicon project for our integrated circuit industry is the autonomous control of upstream (the end of raw materials). According to cemia, China ' s demand for silicon silicon silicon silicon in 8 inches per month in 2020 will be between 7.5 million and 8 million tablets per month, but currently only productive.
At the same time, at least nine silicon projects are currently under construction in the country, which can slow down to some extent the problem of the lack of silicon and also provide opportunities for national producers of equipment.
The new demand will amount to $38.1 billion, or 57 per cent, for cagr. Various types of home-grown silicon equipment are now entering the certification cycle, and the equipment will be nationalized at a faster rate.
Our model is based mainly on data from the Chinese Electronic Materials Industry Association: 4-6 inches of silicon are now needed in the country for basic satisfaction; total production of 8 inches of silicon (with polish and extrapolation) amounts to 1.2 million, while monthly demand is estimated at 800,000, with a monthly demand expected to reach 7.5-8 million from 2020; 12 inches of silicon is completely dependent on penetration.
At present, the total domestic demand is about half a million units per month, with an estimated total demand of 1.1 to 1.3 million units per month after 2018.According to our calculations, the total demand for silicon equipment by 2020 was 59 billion yuan (i.e., in terms of holdings).The total demand for new equipment between 2017 and 2020 was 5.7 billion yuan, 7.7 billion yuan, 11.3 billion yuan and 19.1 billion yuan, respectively.
A total of 43.8 billion dollars: the demand for the core equipment monocrystal is $4.8 billion. 1) Domestic demand has erupted and the domestic supply of 12 inches of silicon in 2020 is limited according to the current capacity: 1.2 million units per month:
2) The gap between supply and demand is the central factor leading to the expansion of all silicon plants: 3) The semiconductor silicon industry also has a national production requirement: the actual supply and demand gap = potential demand for import substitution. 2. Measuring the market space for silicon equipment from the point of view of productive investment:
The domestic demand gap is large, and investment peaks are yet to arrive. And the domestic demand for the main 300 mm silicon is now about half a million pieces per month, almost entirely dependent on imports; by 2020, the demand is about 2 million pieces per month, with a shortfall of about 1.7 million.
There are at least nine silicon projects in the country, with a combined investment of close to 60 billion yuan: including Shanghai New.
The purchase of equipment is in the amount of investment in production capacity.
Billion dollars. The core equipment monocrystals are purchased at $10.2 billion. Based on the investment cycle and the sheep effect, we expect new players in the large silicon industry in the coming years.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board