Transistor power semiconductor equipment is making substantial progress, winning the winning bid is leading by the company, receiving a bid notification from Middle Ring Lead Semiconductor Materials Ltd., successfully winning the bid.
The central ring leading semiconductor material company, Inc., uses the 8-12 inch semiconductor silicone project, in four sections, to purchase the first and second packages, totalling $403 million. We believe that the company has acquired semiconductor equipment. 3) semiconductor equipment is pre-positioned, ready for launch, and is expected to be a relay photovoltaic device product.
The company successfully won the semiconductor silicon device for a total of 403 million yuan. This winning item includes the first package: 360 million yuan for semiconductor single crystal furnaces, and the second package: 42.4 million yuan for semiconductor cutters and rollers.
The first phase of the tin-free project requires an extension of a line of production, while the first phase of 8 and 12 inches of more production lines is more complete with the company’s semiconductor equipment layout and more processing equipment orders are expected. The company has covered most of the middle and back end processing equipment for large silicon tablets, including cutters, rollers, grinders, polishers.
On October 12, 2017, the company became self-sufficient, with only $42.4 million in cutters, rollers, and more equipment to be promoted. Bondin’s clients grew together, and the resonance has become apparent.
The funds are $500 million, 10% of the registered capital, leading the establishment of the Central Ring. The Central Ring Group is a large client of the company's photovoltaic and semiconductor equipment, and the company's forward-looking co-founder of a single crystal silicon-growing enterprise in the form of investment participation - the middle ring leader, the company as a supplier of equipment, and deep-cut customers.
This big order reflects the initial results of the company’s forward-looking layout. The semiconductor equipment is more than $600 million in hand, twice as much as it was in hand at the end of June.
The company’s semiconductor equipment orders total about $200 million, including $139 million plus $60 million worth of new orders announced at the end of the quarter. The purchase of $400 million in order to accelerate the market opening of the company’s semiconductor equipment, the value of the semiconductor equipment stand at millions of dollars, and a high Maori rate.
The market for processing equipment has not expanded as expected, and the policy of the photovoltaic industry has affected the progress of the company’s equipment delivery. Given the adequacy of its hand orders, it has guaranteed a sustained high performance growth in 2018 with semiconductors.
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business.
Xiaohui.yang@boccichina.com