The company's semi-annual report, 2018, raised its performance at a spectacular rate of $ billion, or 101.2 per cent over the same period, while the company expects a cumulative net profit in the first three quarters of 2018.
During the first half of 2018, the company continued to deep-plough the high-end equipment market, maintain and deepen its market influence in large, well-known and well-known enterprises, both within and outside the country, and steadily develop offshore market orders based on a combination of multi-year strategies such as China Ring shares, crystallography and Crystal Australia, with companies collectively obtaining more photovoltaic equipment orders in the first half of the year.
Share prices relative to market performance (nearly 12 months) of $2 billion (including orders signed in July in the middle of the reporting period). The company ' s long crystal equipment earned $1,038 million in the first half of the year, representing 83 per cent of total revenue, an increase of 56 per cent in the same size and 41 per cent in the Māori rate.
In the first half of 2018, the company took a technological lead and accelerated the industrialization of the semiconductor silicon end key equipment, making significant progress. The company has obtained orders for semiconductor equipment in excess of $450 million since this year.
The semiconductor 8 inch single-crystal bulk supply market, with 12 inches of single-crystal mills and processing equipment such as single-crystal silicon grinders, cut-off machines, etc., have been placed in mainstream customers.
During the first half of 2018, companies continued to increase their R & D investment at a cost of $994.53 million, accounting for 327 patents, including 48 patents for inventions, 260 patents for practical new types and 19 patents for appearances.
The company successfully launched 6-12 inches of semiconductor-class monocrystal silicon at the Semiconchina 2018 exhibition.
(300316) A hundred-foot poles go further, building up a long, global first-ever, single crystal-efficient, low-cost photovoltaic component, using this technology, and making it possible for the King of Crystals to use it.
The utilization rate of the now cut-off single-crystalized poles has increased by almost 20 per cent compared to the traditional quadrilateral openings, and the non-silicon cost of single-crystal silicons has fallen by more than 10 per cent.1 The domestic photovoltaics have slowed down in the future due to a large base over the past two years, along with electricity price policies, etc.
The factors that are not connected to the Internet are not as good as expected;
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.