During the Ningde era (300,750) □ net profit growth after deduction at a volume supplement – corporate net profit return fell in the first half of the year due to confirmation of Pride's transfer during the same period the previous year.
The net profit from the company’s three major business portfolios increased by 36.55% over the same period last year. While the overall Māori rate fell by 6.21 pct, the overall Māori increased by 23.60%, thereby driving performance growth at a quantitative supplement.
See, the power cell system operation generated $7.188 billion, an increase of 34.92 per cent, and the Māori rate decreased by 4.38 to 32.67 per cent. Lithium battery materials benefited from increased demand and the impact of capacity release, 27.23 items were reversed. Lower management costs compared to revenue contributed to lower cost rates during the period.
4.79 pct. □ The growing city occupancy rate has been a constant one, benefiting from the role of the transitional phase of the new energy car subsidy policy in 2018, which was driven in the first half of the year.
The total battery load is 15,58gwh, which is about 130% higher than the previous year, and the company's concentration on 6.5gwh is significantly higher, with a strong and strong pattern. At the same time, companies in overseas markets are taking a step with BMW, Daimler, Modern, Jaguar Rover, Snow Dragons, the general public, Volvo, etc.
The international brand has deepened its collaboration and plans to build its first overseas production base in Germany. At present, under the constant decline in the prices of power cells, growth in performance needs to be compensated for by a decline in the Māori rate from the increase in the volume of goods.
Wu Ribbon, Xu Chengqin, no rating - no due to the lack of access to the necessary information, or the fact that the company is facing significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.