Half-yearly review of the Ninder Times.
The performance in the first half of the year was in line with market expectations, with higher returns from non-return to the parent and higher revenues of $9.36 billion in the first half of 2018, an increase of 48.69 per cent in the same year, of which the power cell was the result of higher prices due to high customer demand, new production capacity and higher raw materials prices.
The fall in the same year’s net return was largely influenced by gains from the transfer of Beijing-Pride equity over the same period of the previous year, with a 36.55% increase in the net return to the same year.
In the first six months of the year, 42 per cent of the total, with 40 per cent of the total market share in new energy use vehicles.
The market share of new energy passenger vehicles is 49%, far ahead of other manufacturers. According to the lithium study, the company was the first in July at 1.36gwh, with a ratio of 40.72%. But it is worth noting that the company's Māori ratio has been declining in recent years, with major businesses operating in the first half of 2018.
Pressure is applied on battery prices, which fall from $1.41/wh by 21.58% to $1.10/wh per unit, while the price of materials such as cobalt, lithium, etc. is currently falling, easing the price of materials such as pre-trivalent drivers and easing the pressure on the Maori rate in the second half of the year.
Foreign and domestic customer outreach has yielded results and has deepened cooperation with customers.
Daimler, Modern, Jaguar Road Rover, Snow Dragons, Popular and Volvo international vehicle brands are working hard to get fixed on a number of important projects. The first five sales customers of the company are losing their share of revenue, and the client structure is getting better.
Cooperation with important downstream clients, such as the BMW, cooperation agreements and joint ventures, in-depth binding with important clients, building interest communities, sustaining the expansion of productive capacity and maintaining high R & D inputs.
In terms of expanding production capacity, the company currently has production bases in Ningde, Qinghai and Qingyang, in response to rapidly growing market demand, the company gradually upgraded its base capacity, in which the Xiaoyang base was launched in the first half of the year, and will establish a production base and a research and development centre in the German province of Turingen, which will reach production in 2022.
The company has research and development centres in Ninder, Munich, Germany, 718 million yuan in the first half of 2018, representing 7.67% of operating income, high nickel three-dollar batteries, storage of lithium ion batteries, etc.
Continued investment in the field and continued to be a technological leader. New capacity-building was less than expected, battery prices were at risk of volatility from upstream raw materials, and there were major adjustments in energy subsidy policies.
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City