In the Ningde era, the six-monthly financial review of the Ningde era (300,750) is taking place at the same time as the country's major players.
In 2018h1, the company achieved a gross operating income of 9.36 billion yuan, an increase of 48.69 per cent over the same period; a net profit of 1,070 million yuan, a decrease of 45.83 per cent over the same period, which was due mainly to the impact of disposal gains from the transfer of holdings of Pled New Energy Battery Technology Ltd. The net profit increased by 36.55 per cent over the same period, after deducting the impact of the transfer of Pled's disposal proceeds and other non-recurring gains and losses on performance.
In the first half of 2018, the company generated $7.188 billion, an increase of 34.92 per cent, representing 76.79 per cent of the company’s revenue, and remained the main contributor to the company’s revenue. In the current period, the power cell achieved 6.5gwh, maintaining its first position in the country at 42 per cent, compared to the first half of last year.
Twenty-two per cent of the year, compared to 29 per cent of the year, showed a significant increase. Of these, 3.0gwh, 3.5gwh, respectively, were delivered in passenger and commercial vehicles, with a parallel expansion of storage capacity and lithium cell material operations.
As lithium battery applications mature in the field of storage energy, the storage market is expected to start. The significant growth in the company’s storage capacity is due to the company’s interest in the market space for the business, where research and development investment continues to grow in order to continuously enhance the storage of lithium battery materials, which received 1.747 billion yuan, or 123.59 per cent, compared with the corresponding increase of 18.67 per cent in the company’s revenues.
The rapid growth has largely benefited from the high demand of clients, the rise in sales and sales prices as a result of the company’s new productive capacity. Large orders of €1 billion.
Figure 1: Ningde power cell out and up in 2018. Figure 2: Domestic power cell out and up in 2018.
At the same time, the company is active in exploiting its overseas customers, and the department takes orders for international giant batteries such as BMW, public, Japanese, Renault, Honda. Thus, despite the 42% share in the domestic market, there is much room for growth in the company’s battery business, taking into account the vast international market.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the Yang Raki.
Head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of securities industry research experience, good at capturing the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, briefing for the research assistant Liu Huixia
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.