Bioproducts, smart-flying creatures (300122) all-round development of private vaccine companies, combinations of power.
The company is a well-run private vaccine company. The company is the first private vaccine company to be listed on the business board. The company operates well in the development, production, marketing and distribution of vaccines and biological products.
There is room for industrial market growth, with type II vaccines as the main driving force. Second-born and healthy China grow at about 15% annually in combination. Second-class vaccines are the main driving force behind the growth of the entire vaccine market. By 2020, our market for type II vaccines will be about 45.5 billion yuan, the largest of which will be in 2020.
Market data: 28 June 2017 Private firms took over the main market.
The exclusive product + exclusive agent, the "two-only" product leads the market. The exclusive product ac-hib \triangleright vaccine and the exclusive agent product Mossadon's four-priced hpv vaccine are in high demand.
Basic data: March 31, 2017 is an important profit growth point for companies, helping to improve their position in the corporate market industry; R & D, industry, market development in general, and corporate consolidation. High investment in R & D is maintained.
\triangleright, with a total of 21 company-owned R & D projects, 14 of which entered the registration process with significant results; ongoing industrial project construction to safeguard market demand; and company ownership
Our own full-flow marketing system responds to market requirements in a timely manner, and actively engages in internationalization of “test water” precision medicine, taking over 10 billion markets. The company's intellectual investment and joint investment with the International Advanced Precision Medical Biotherapy Team in the creation of Chongqing precision students is $280 million.
Technology Ltd., which began its campaign in the precision medical industry and took over 10 billion of the market, is a company with an exclusive niche product, a comprehensive business chain, a combination of Liu Jianhong.
The potential of the market is imminent. Based on the company's exclusive product, the equivalent amounts of pe are 63.1 times, 43.9 times and 32.8 times, respectively, and are covered for the first time to Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
1. The company is a well-run private vaccine company, the first private vaccine company to be listed on the business board.
Chongqing Ji Fei Biological Co. Ltd. (hereinafter: Ji Fei Bios, stock code: 300122.sz) was established in July 1995 with a registered fund of $1.6 billion, invested in the bioproducts industry in 2002, and placed on the market in September 2010 at the deep-situation firm, with more than 1400 employees and an asset of $2.7 billion, the first family to start a business.
There are five fully-owned companies, a holding company and a participating subsidiary, including Beijing, Xi Feihua, and An Qi Feilong Koma, which are state-level high-technology companies.
Each person holds 866 million shares, or 54.13% of the company's total stock.
The main business of the company is the development, production, sale and distribution of vaccines and biological products. Among them, Qing Fei-Bu is mainly engaged in the development of bacterial vaccine products, mainly for the prevention of meningitis and pneumonia, and Quino-Goma is mainly involved in the control of tuberculosis biological products and the prevention of rabies, flu viruses, etc.
• Research and development, production and marketing of viral vaccines; Chongqing Qing Ji-Gin is mainly involved in general drug sales (New Deal for Vaccine Circulation); Qing Fei is mainly involved in marketing of biological products, export-import trade, biotechnology cooperation, inducing
Import and sale, external investment and financing operations; Xi Fei Harbour, which provides services such as the import and export of goods, insurance and storage of goods, mainly for Xi Fei Bis, in the Beijing Tianjianjian Contributor Area, completed the construction of personnel structures and systems, and the library as of 31 December 2016
The construction of houses has been completed and has not yet taken place. 1.3 Performance has gradually recovered, and the company's main business indicators have improved somewhat over the same period last year: 162 million gross operating income was achieved in the first quarter of the year.
In 2016, the industry broke out in the case of the illegal operation of the Shandong vaccine, the major policy changes and the direction of public opinion led to a certain period of inoculation.
The lack of timely distribution, use, poor distribution and short-term impact on market sales has led to a decline in corporate performance as a whole. 2. Industry markets have great scope for growth, with type II vaccines as the main driving force.
A vaccine is a biological product for diagnosis, prevention and treatment, made of raw materials such as microorganisms or their toxins, enzymes, serums of humans or animals, cells, etc. Vaccines play an enormous role in protecting human health and play an irreplaceable role in reducing death rates and increasing life expectancy per capita.
2.1 Global market sales are rising year by year, and the oligopolistic situation will continue. Market sales are growing year by year, reaching $39 billion a year by 2022.
The rate of spread and spread of the disease, while increasing the demand for prevention and control of communicable diseases, is 5.1 per cent or 3.4 per cent of the global drug market, according to the combined annual growth rate (cagr) for the forecast period of the evaluate, and the oligopoly situation will continue.
In 2015, the global vaccine market continued to be monopolized by four major industries: Pfizer, Merker, Sénofey, and Grenzo Skeeter, with annual sales of over $20 billion, or more than 85% of the global market. According to an estimate by valuatepharma, the four major players will remain monopolized until 2022, with total annual sales.
It will exceed $30 billion, or more than 80 per cent of the global market. 2.2 Two-child and healthy China double wheels, our vaccine market has a large space for growth, and the number of newborns has risen.
On 1 January 2016, the second-child policy was fully implemented. According to the National Statistical Office of China, in 2016, the number of births in China exceeded 17,866, the highest since 2000, with over 45 per cent of births being among two children. The number of births per year is expected to be between 1780 and 1.50 million over the next five years, compared to the policy.
On 25 October 2016, Healthy China 2030 proposed that healthy China should focus on prevention, and continue to implement the expanded national immunization plan, with the national immunization plan for children of appropriate age remaining at a high level. There is considerable room for growth in the domestic vaccine market, which is expected to break 50 billion yuan in 2020.
With the implementation of a new second-child deal and the introduction of a healthy China, the country’s disease-prevention needs, 2.3 type II vaccines drive the entire vaccine market, with private enterprises occupying its main market.
The second type of vaccine is the main driver of the growth of the entire vaccine market. In recent years, the rate of vaccination against the main category of children in our country has been relatively high, and the rate of vaccination against the second category has been low. The rate of vaccination against the second category has been rapid as the income of the population has increased and awareness of preventive health has generally increased.
In 2014, more than 59 per cent of the total vaccine market was accounted for by the sale of type II vaccines. Epidemic II was the main driver of the growth of the entire vaccine market, and by 2020 the largest vaccine market in the country will be in the region of 45.5 billion yuan.
Private firms dominate the main market for type II vaccines, which are other vaccines that citizens are self-funded and volunteered for because of their high marketability, high Māori rates, high levels of private involvement, private ownership of major markets, private enterprises in 2014
The bulk issuance of type II vaccines accounted for 62.47 per cent of the total issuance of category II vaccines in the country, equivalent to 1.66 per cent of the combined share of State-owned and foreign-owned enterprises.
The impact of the “vaccine event” was gradually eliminated. The State issued the State Council Decision on the Revision of the Regulations on Vaccine Circulation and Prevention of Vaccinations, in April 2016, on the flow of vaccines in the country, particularly Category II vaccines.
This policy has led to a major change in the entire vaccine distribution system, which has had a certain impact on vaccine-producing enterprises. The vaccine industry has gone through a period since last year.
In January-March 2017, the total amount of vaccinations was 9.97 million, representing a slight increase from the total of 93.7 million in 2016.
The impact of the “vaccine event” after the first quarter of last year is gradually being eliminated, and the vaccine market is getting warmer.
In the opinion of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, a number of measures have been taken to promote the development of the industry and to address its current problems.
After almost 15 years of development in the vaccine industry, the company has gained many national and municipal honours. In its long-term active exploration and practical operations, the company has gradually shown a great deal of technological research and development.
Competitiveness in mature marketing, forward-looking business management, etc. 3.1 Monopoly + sole agent, “double-unique” product lead market 3.1.1 Single domestic vaccine, main growth point in corporate profits
The ac-hib Triple vaccine (commodity name: Shebacon) is an important new product that was officially listed by the company on 30 December 2104 and is a combined (combined) ac-mening encephalitis type b haemophilus influenzae vaccine, which meets the acronym of a single dose of vaccine to simultaneously prevent a group, c-tempoceral bacteria, and b-types.
Infectious diseases such as meningitis, pneumonia, sepsis, etc. caused by haemophilus influenzae, which free children from multiple and multiple forms of pain and risk, are the exclusive product of domestic and foreign products.
For children over the age of February, the complete immunization process requires four doses, with an annual market demand of about 71,208 million doses, and the elimination of price increases, based on the current average provincial average price of $220 per dose, amounts to between $15,571.1 billion. The overall supply capacity of the industry is still smaller than the market.
Based on the company ' s 2011 feasibility study on the vaccine industrialization project (hereinafter referred to as the “feasibility report”), the total annual production of products could reach 30 million after the completion of the project.
At current average market prices, the annual output is $6.6 billion. In combination with technological advantages, the products are now being prepared for completion.
In application and marketing, the product generated 32.62 per cent of total income from sales in 2015, 3.1.2 monopolistic agents of Hpv 4 vaccine, and strengthened corporate market position. Cervical cancer is the second most common cancer among women in developing countries and one of the highest mortality rates.
According to data from China ' s cancer statistics bulletin, the incidence and mortality rates of cervical cancer in our country have shown an upward trend in recent years and have become the country with the highest incidence of cervical cancer in the world, with 10,000 cases of rejuvenation and 30.5 million deaths.
Cervical cancer is caused by the continued infection of the high-risk Hpv virus, and about 70% of cervical cancer is caused by the mutations of the Hpv16 and Hpv18 virus. The Hpv vaccine is a vaccine against human papillomavirus (Hpv virus) and has a huge impact on the prevention of cervical cancer.
Based on the current global average, the recommended vaccination age is between 9 and 45 years, and according to the global scale, at a market penetration rate of 10 per cent, the country ' s potential demand for Hpv is around 44 million people, and at an expected injection price of 2,000 dollars (which is expected to be marketed domestically), the total demand in the domestic market is estimated to be around 2,000 dollars.
At the global level, there are three main types of Hpv vaccines currently on the market: cervarix (commodity name: Yeonkang) and gardasil4, gardasil9 (commodity name: 4 prices) of GlaxoSchuck.
But, to date, the mainland China region has no Hpv vaccine, the four-priced Hpv vaccine product is the first cancer vaccine in the world, based on cfda.
The vaccine was approved for vaccination of women aged 20 to 45 years, using a three-dose immunization procedure for cervical cancers caused by Hpv 16, 18 human papv, cin123 and prostate cancers (ais).
There was an expansion in the effectiveness of prevention. As early as 27 September 2012, the company signed the Supply, Distribution and Co-Facilitation Agreement with Mercerton Pharmacy Co. Ltd. of the United States of America.
As agreed in the agreement, Mershadong will supply the company with an agreed product after obtaining a listing permit in mainland China, and will license the company to distribute the product exclusively and jointly in mainland China. Under the agreement, the basic procurement plan for the Hpv vaccine is about 1,140 million yuan for the first year, 1,483 million yuan for the second year, and the second, the second.
About $1.853 billion a year. The four-price hpv fills the void of the country's four-priced hpv vaccine, meets the domestic market, helps enrich the company's product lines, strengthens the company's market position, enhances the company's influence and competitiveness in the vaccine industry.
3.2 Research and development, industry, overall market development, and a strong and integrated company have been building and financing a new product research and development team since it entered the vaccine industry in 2002.
In 2016, while sales performance declined significantly due to industry events, companies continued to guarantee high R & D investment, investing $7.562 million in R & D throughout the year, insisting on a “market-oriented, technology-led” approach to R & D through years of effort and effort.
The principle of making research and development (R & D) work together through market experts, technical experts and financial experts to fully validate the market prospects, technology risks and financial budgets, investment risks, etc., to ensure the effectiveness of R & D and investment in R & D, always insisting on “autonomous R & D, supported by collaborative R & D, and the purchase of technology”
By the end of 2016, the company had autonomously developed its research and development capabilities.
A total of 21 projects were issued, of which 14 were registered. Multi-valued vaccines will be a trend in the future domestic market, with companies accounting for up to 50 per cent of the total autonomous R & D projects.
In August 2016, the Pine Injection BCG, developed by Anhui Chi Feilongcoma, was approved for clinical trials by the National Directorate of Pharmacology. By the end of 2016, Pine had made staged progress in the use of BCG, the frozen dry b stream of haemophilus influenzae vaccine: the frozen dry b haemophilus influenzae poles developed by Beijing's wise-flying green bamboo.
Combining the vaccine with a clinical test package from the General Directorate of Episodes has enriched the vaccine variety, ensuring that the product meets the diversity needs of the audience, and the 3rd stage of Chi Fei Comakwaka has been closed and is in the data consolidation phase. In June 2017, Chi Fei Coma “Man with rabies” (mrc-5) was given access to State food.
Innovative products are boosters in the development of the vaccine industry, and companies focus on product research and development, building on product creation and targeting technologically high-end products. With strong technological R&D capabilities, companies will compete for a market share of their future products.
3.2.2 Ongoing industrialization projects to ensure market demand are being built, and the company has now industrializationd six vaccine products.
In order to meet current and future production needs, the company's ongoing investment in industrialization projects has ensured the continued development of the two major production research and development bases in Beijing, and has further met the production needs of the company's expansion of large-scale operations and increased the size and level of the company's industrialization.
Figure 20 Projects under construction 3.2.3 Self-employment sales respond to market requirements in a timely manner, and actively deepen international business. Market capacity has always been the core competitiveness of companies.
In 2016, as a result of events in the industry, the company was able to develop and consolidate its market position.
The revision of the Regulations on the Administration of Vaccine Circulation and Preventive Vaccination has led to a fundamental change in the way the vaccine industry procures, distributes, sells, etc., by establishing systems such as a “one-vote” system and a “retroactive cold chain”