A robust growth in performance, deep involvement in the construction of the Numerical Hub Centre, and a robust growth in China's performance (601868.sh) and a new one-way growth in traditional energy construction. The company became operational in 2024.
25%. Of this total, new contracts for engineering/develop design and consultancy/industrial manufacturing are in the same proportion as for conventional/new energy and integrated smart energy/urban construction/integrated transport.
The new energy survey design has led to an increase in the Māori rate and a continuous improvement in operating cash flows. The company, in 2024, consolidated Zhang Xiao, increased its cash flow by 6.41 pct. In 2024, the net cash flow from the company ' s operations went to $11,027 million, up from the same period last year.
The green transition has continued to deepen, with deep involvement in the construction of the Numerical Hub Centre. In 2024, the company seized hundreds of millions of yuan, accounting for 39.73 per cent of the total number of new contracts, and registered a compound growth rate of 42.27 per cent in the last three years.
The new light energy development target is 20.209 million kilowatts (KW) and the cumulative acquisition development target is 7,043.5 thousand kilowatts (KW). As of the end of 2024, the capacity of the new energy grid-connection project was 1,519.55 million kW, an increase of 59.7 per cent.
Central construction. The data centre project was invested or deployed at a number of hubs, such as Gansu Qingyang, Ningxia Mid-Guy, An Qinghu Lake, Guangdong Quantang, Shanxi Da-yung and Beijing East and West China, where Gansu Qingyang “East and West” Xingyang's Xinjiang IKZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
With a rate of 60,000 kw, the first phase of the project has already completed 1,700 8-12kw high-secret cabinets and leased them. [Galactic Building] Company apparel – China can build – a steady growth in performance, and Newcomer is committed to producing the present report independently and objectively, with an independent and objective approach that clearly and accurately reflects his research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.