Cyclical shares are now growing, with domestic hydraulic taps or retakes of high-yielding, domestic hydraulic industry flagships, product arrays, deep binding of high-quality customers.
To date, the corporate product body has covered a variety of core hydraulic components, covering six major downstream areas, covering 16 sub-sectors, and
Deeply tied to high-quality customer resources such as Caterpillar, Trinity, Sea Sky International, and Goe America. Since the company’s first core business is still an excavator tank, in recent years the company’s performance has been subject to downstream gyromorphosis and the domestic hydraulics market is nearly 90 billion, and electric, intelligent and reliable are the industry’s future trends.
Hydraulics have a clear advantage, with engineering machinery accounting for 40.5% of the top demand area downstream. With regard to the size of the market, the global market for hydraulics reached Euro30.43 billion in 2021 (about 22.6 billion people).
In terms of competition patterns, leading offshore firms account for a major share (19.7% in 2019, and 2.2% in HDR), but the industry is on a moderate downward trend. In the future, green development has become a consensus in the industry, and electric power has become a dominant trend.
Intelligentity and increased reliability are necessary for domestic hydraulics to achieve a full national replacement. The company is expected to take advantage of the five logics of the boom again. Alpha and Beta are resonant, and the company has a good chance to go to the left side. At this point, watch the company’s five priorities.
Series 1: 1) The background of the era - the industry is becoming less cyclical when national production is right. The high-end hydraulic market has a larger alternative space, "export demand + machines instead of artificial + environmental standards upgrade", which causes the cyclicality of engineering machinery to decline. 2) Time dimension - long-term adherence to the right thing.
Two rounds of up-to-date cycle. Companies outperform industry averages in their two up-to-date cycles. At the start of the new cycle, companies have the strength to be precise again. 3) The tank market is about $4.2 billion, with 63% of the company’s market, and there will be demand in the future for the tank’s overseas market.
Looking forward to continued upswing, the pump valve business has a larger national alternative space, and the company’s large-scale pumping valve city has accelerated. The non-digger industry is gaining momentum, focusing on the high machine, agricultural machine, and seaworks markets in the future. 4) The moat – a leading industry in terms of technological strength and net profit levels – is well established.
In 2021, the net interest rate of the company was 29%, much higher than that of comparable companies. 5) The rock of his mountain – the path of the world’s champions, with the prospect of re-emerging abroad. Looking back at the path of the world’s growth, the four main points of “R & D, M & A, globalization, and managing industrial trends.”
It appears that the company is expected to become the next “Bosebler” (1); the core technology for high-end hydraulics is difficult to break; (2) domestic infrastructure policy support is not as high as expected; (3) downstream plant demand is not as high as expected; and (4) non-digging and overseas markets are not expanding as expected.
The chain of product continues to expand from aerodynamic component provider to a hydraulic component provider, moving on to fast-track operations, focusing on the hydraulic industry for more than 30 years and growing up in and out of the industry.
Professional production of high-growth poles for hydraulic components and hydraulic systems. The company can be divided into four steps according to its strategic development: 1) initial start-up period (1990-1999): at the beginning of its existence, the company produced mainly gas component products, then entered the hydraulic tank field, and successfully developed a special tank for excavators in 1999. 2) Business development period (1999-2010):
The company's power tank, which successfully captured the first cycle of engineering machinery, expanded the engine tank business, and in 2010 it became a qualified vendor for Caterpillar and has since formally entered the global supply system for high-end brand engineering machinery. 3) The period of expansion (2010-2016): the company was successfully placed on the market in 2011, after which it increased its research and development investment to expand it.
High-end hydraulic pump valves, etc., while expanding domestic and foreign markets, companies have been investing in factories, investment subsidiaries, and mergers and acquisitions. 4) Rapidly and over the long term (2016-present): while successfully managing the second round of engineering machinery to become a domestic hydraulic software flagship, the company continues to expand its capacity to build, expand its operations and process globalization.
To strengthen the cyclical character of the Alpha attribute to iron the industry as a high-growth business in the cyclical sector.
In 2005, Jiangsu's high-pressure tank company Ltd. was formed, and since then, the company has started to scale-scale the production of excavators and non-scaling tanks. To date, the company's product system has been enriched, and has evolved from a hydraulic tank manufacturer to include hydraulic tanks, hydraulic oil pumps, hydraulic valves, motors, hydraulic systems integration, etc.
Large-scale integrated enterprises with high-precision iron foundries and other operations. In 2011-2021, hydraulic oil tanks (excavator tanks plus non-polling tanks) remained the company’s largest major business, but as a result of the expansion of product lines, the share fell from 99.12 per cent in 2011 to 2021
55.72 per cent of these tanks are growing rapidly in the downward cycle of engineering machinery, rising from 20.86 per cent in 2011 to 47.40 per cent in 2015. With regard to hydraulic pump valves, they have grown rapidly in recent years to become the second largest major company business, with a wide range of high-end hydraulic units, such as valves and motors, and are expected to increase further.
Figure 3 Share of company-owned operations in 2011-2021. Products cover 6 major areas downstream, covering 16 sub-sectors. Hydraulics are core parts of the equipment manufacturing industry, with the advantages of light weight, high output power, ease of use, smooth operation, easy control, and extensive application to engineering machines.
There are six main areas of industrial engineering, marine engineering, energy technology and tunnel engineering, broken down into 16 sectors of construction, logistics, harvesting, metallurgy, seawork, ports, new energy, etc.
The main clients of the company, in the case of excavators, are known diggers, including Caterpillar, Trinity, Xu, Willows, etc.; in the case of tunnels, the main customers are known as Iron Engineering, Iron Rebuilding, Matsu, and Hitachi. In the case of special vehicles, the company's clients are known for their shielding.
Covering Manitovak, Trex, etc.; with regard to seawork equipment, customers include tts, McKegar, national wells, China Sea oil, etc.; with regard to industrial hydraulics, company clients include Haiten International, Izumi, Andretz, etc.; and with regard to new energy, companies are actively expanding, and customers include leading companies such as Gomi, Vistas, etc.
1.3 The equity structure is highly centralized, management is highly experienced, and the equity structure is stable and highly concentrated. To date, the director of the company, Mr. Wang Liping, and his family's co-activists (Chang Peng and Wang Jing) together hold 67.29% of the company's shares through their intelligence, Shinno and Heung Jing investment companies.
The management industry is well-versed and has a strong combined capacity to perform its functions. From the company executives' performance, many are high.
The president of the company, Mr. Wang Li Ping, who is the founder of the company, has led the team since its inception to work on product development, not only tackling many technical difficulties, making breakthroughs in hydraulic technology, but also keeping pace with the rapid development of the engineering and machinery industry in the country, spreading land and becoming a dragon of domestic hydraulics.
Mr. Qiu Yongning, General Manager, has held positions as manager of the production department of the Heung-woo Group, director of the Ministry of Development, minister of production, etc., and has had a rich industrial background. Mr. Xu-jin, Hu Kuo-hun and Wang Bin, Deputy Managing Director, have served as heads of the corporate sector and have grown up together with the company.
1.4 Performance is influenced by the downward cyclical climate, with the level of profit rising during the recovery period. Corporate operating income rose from 1,133 million yuan to 9,309 million yuan, and cagr to 23 per cent. In terms of net return, the company is part of a machine spare parts company, with a relatively high share of fixed assets, and revenue and profit performance show some cyclicality.
In the middle, the effects of scale are evident, with higher profitability and higher profit growth than the growth rate. In 2022, q1-q3 and the net return profit of 59.20,17,449 million yuan, respectively.
In terms of Māori and net interest rates, there has been a sustained increase in R&D inputs in 2011 and better time-rate control. In terms of R&D costs, the company has been recovering since its inception, and after 2021, it has been actively developing high-end hydraulics and working on new product lines.
In terms of sales costs and management costs, the scale effect after 2016 shows a simultaneous decline in sales costs and management costs. Financial cost rates are affected by exchange rates
Long slope snow in the hydraulic industry, high-end hydraulics in larger national production replacements, 2.1 hydraulic transmission advantages, clear industrial chain structure.
Hydraulic transfer is a fluid that transmits energy and controls the transmission of energy as a medium for work. Hydraulic transfer technology is powerful, small, high frequency, pressure, flow controllable, flexible, easy to perform straight-line motion, low speed, etc., compared to mechanical and electrical transmission, and is designed and applied at the end of the design.
. Hydraulic transmission systems are typically composed of power components, executing components, control modems, auxiliary elements and work media, in which the power element functions as a pressure to convert the original-motivated mechanical energy to liquid energy, executes the hydraulic energy to mechanical energy for external use, and controls the pressure to control and adjust the liquid, and controls the flow.
Quantities and directions, supporting elements are necessary for the normal functioning of the system, while the work medium is responsible for the motor, kinetic transfer and lubricant effects. From the overall picture of the industrial chain, the upstream industry is dominated by steel, accessories and work media, while the middle-stream industry is hydraulic.
Robust machinery, representation of the manufacturer, constant hydraulic pressure, Eddie precision, etc., downstream industries are mainly engineering machinery, auto industry, aviation, machine tools, agricultural machinery, heavy machinery, etc. From a cost point of view, upstream raw materials account for a larger share of midstream hydraulics, for example, 67% of the cost of raw materials in 2021; they come from downstream demand.
See, according to the data of the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, engineering is the first area of demand, accounting for 40.5%, which is why hydraulic industries and companies are affected by the cycle of engineering machinery.
2.2 Market space: The global hydraulic industry is over 200 billion, the domestic market is close to 200 billion, and China is the largest market for sales. The foreign hydraulic industry started early and has grown more mature. In terms of market size, the global hydraulic sector market grew from 21.24 billion euros in 2010-2021.
It rose to Euro30.43 billion (approximately RMB 22.6 billion), with capr reaching 3.3 per cent, with the impact of the new crown epidemic in 2020, and the global economy going down, with the hydraulic sector declining in size. According to the Chinese Industrial Research Institute, the sector is expected to rise back to around Euro30.6 billion in 2022 as the epidemic improves.
In terms of regional distribution of the market, China has become the largest demand market, with its share rising from 26.93 per cent in 2010 to 36.04 per cent in 2020, and the second largest market, the United States, accounting for over 200 billion of the global hydraulic industry in 17,2021.
Figure 1820: China is the world’s largest sales market for hydraulics, the country’s technical capacity is constantly increasing, with both the size of the hydraulic market and the gross industrial product increasing. In recent years, China has been China, and according to data from the China Economic Research Institute, China’s hydraulic patent applications account for the total global hydraulic patent applications.
In terms of market size, according to China's Hydraulic Gas Influencing Industry Association, the market size of the domestic hydraulic industry rose from 59.7 billion yuan to 87.9 billion yuan in 2016-2021, up from 8% in Cagr, well above the increase in the global hydraulic industry during the same period (2016-2021).
In terms of total industrial output, the total industrial output of enterprises above the size of China’s hydraulic industry has been rising year by year in recent years, reaching a total of 76.6 billion yuan in 2021.
Figure 21 Total industrial competition for domestic hydraulic industries above scale 2.3: International flagship firms dominate, national product brands grow, hydraulic industry development is closely linked to local manufacturing development, and international flagships continue to occupy the first class.
The pressurer gets the world." Hydraulics are the core parts of the equipment manufacturing industry, and the degree of development of the hydraulic industry is also an important manifestation of the country’s competitiveness in the equipment manufacturing industry. As a traditional manufacturing power, German-American days have a powerful manufacturing base and development.
As a result, the global hydraulic industry is now characterized by a high concentration, and leading international firms still hold a major share of the market. On the market side, the global hydraulic industry is more volatile because of the effects of the epidemic in 2020.
According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, in 2019, the global hydraulic industry had a total of 42.3 per cent, with 19.7 per cent, 9.7 per cent, 7.2 per cent, and 5.7 per cent of the heavy labour markets in Bo, Paikhany, Eton and Kawasaki, respectively, compared to the domestic hydraulic taps, consistent hydraulic fluid pressure and Eddie Precision.
Only 2.2 per cent and 0.6 per cent, although the global market share of domestic hydraulic companies is still low, in 2012, the global hydraulic industry was 46.4 per cent, and in the future, as domestic firms continue to grow in strength, the city share is expected.
I've been working hard for you, kyb.
• The constant hydration to Nabotsk to Eddie Precision to Other Trends 2.4: Electrodynamicity is the trend, and intelligentness and reliability are important technical development needs
Green development has become an industry consensus, and electricization is an important aspect of the future development of the hydraulic industry. The engineering and machinery industry is a b-end market, a productivity tool with heavy assets, and therefore customers are more sensitive to economics. In the context of the accelerated growth of double carbon and new energy sources, electrodynamicization is an inevitable trend.
modularized products, with electricity as a direct power source, rotates different forms of wires (or screws) using various types of electric machines and transforms them into straight motion of screws (or threads) through inter-component spiral movements, and then drives the cylinders or loads by screws (or silk bars) to re-line motion, while “precision speed control, precision control” of the best advantage of the servator
Transfer control, precise torque control, changed to "precision speed control, precise position control, precise force control" to achieve high accuracy straight-line movement. For hydraulic cylinders with hydraulic fluids as working medium, the electrodynamic cylinders are mechanically mobile and have high accuracy.
Small pollution, high energy efficiency advantages, can also be easily integrated into programmable control systems, which are technologically upgraded products of hydraulic and aerodynamic cylinders, which are widely applied in the areas of automobiles, engineering machinery, medical, aviation, military and industrial equipment. On the other hand, with the automation of industrial production, automated production processes are becoming more demanding on equipment, as well.
In terms of production and demand, demand increased from 7.25 million in 2014-2021.
22.96 million, or 18 per cent, of the cagr, with the corresponding rapid growth in the electric tank market from 0.77 million to 55.9 million, or 34 per cent of the cagr. According to the Network, production in the electric tank industry is projected to reach 69.1 million in 2022, while there is also a high trend in the roller of pearl bars, which are the key components of the electric tank.
The function is to convert rotational motion into linear motion, or torque into axis reactivity, combined with high accuracy, reversibility and efficiency features, which are widely used in industrial equipment and precision instruments in the fields of digital machinery, precision machines, industrial machinery, electromechanics and aerospace industries.
The electric tank is more than 90 per cent efficient, working at 2000mm/s, with high positioning accuracy, stable operation and longer useful life. According to valuemarketresearch data, the global market was 195.4 billion dollars in 2019, and is expected to reach $29.661 billion in 2026, with an average annual compound growth rate of about 6.14 per cent over the period.
The rapid growth in the market share of the region is due mainly to the rising demand from developing countries, such as China, in aviation, manufacturing, and robotics. According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the domestic market for rollers of wire poles was 2.5 billion yuan in 2021, and is expected to reach 2.8 billion yuan in 2022.
Figure 26 shows the size of the domestic roller-line pole market, 2015-2022. Smartness and increased reliability are necessary conditions for domestic hydraulic manufacturers to achieve full national substitution.
Downstream customers are mainly in the equipment manufacturing industry, and future trends in the development of machinery and equipment can be broken down into three points: 1) increased safety and reduced labour intensity; 2) increased precision and dynamic performance of machines, requiring motor and power control systems to be effective in improving the accuracy of machines; 3) increased reliability and duration of service of products and reduced maintenance time,
In other words, smart technology throughout the life-cycle of hydraulic component products is an important technology for the future to meet the development needs of machinery and equipment. Improving product reliability is therefore a fundamental change in the industry’s current state of affairs and a reversal of competitive patterns.
Three eagles hit the air, five logic acceleration companies flew, Alpha and Beta resonant, and the company had a good chance to hit the left side. From the valuation, the valuation had some scope for restoration. The value on 20 January of the year was 41 times lower than the median.
Low valuation levels, looking forward to 2023. On the one hand, the impact of the epidemic is declining, real estate sector policies are frequent and industry is expected to hit the bottom; on the other hand, capital investment is expected to grow faster in order to further expand domestic demand, thereby safeguarding the bottom-up role of the economy, so we believe that as the downwind climate rises, engineering machinery is expected to recover.
From the company's point of view, consistent hydraulic pressure as a “big white horse stock”, the great performance of the company's stock price and performance in the past has amply demonstrated to the market its strong alpha, showing high growth. At this point, we take stock of the constant hydraulic pressure, which is likely to take advantage of the five logics of the surge once again.
Chart 28.7 million engineering machinery pettm (overall method/negative value excluded)
3.1.1 The replacement of domestic production is a trend towards a market for high-end hydraulics The domestic market for hydraulics is large and not strong, and multi-policing supports the autonomous development of hydraulics. Although our hydraulic industry has grown faster in recent years, most of the hydraulic products in the industry as a whole are concentrated in low- and medium-end product markets, with excess low-end hydraulics.
Competition is intense; while high-end hydraulic components are severely short, the long-term dependence on imports of high-end hydraulics required by the domestic mainframe plant presents a modest development. China Manufacturing 2025 clearly states that by 2025, 70% of the core base zero and critical base materials will be self-secured.
The “14th Five” Development Plan for Hydraulic Hydraulic Gas Seal Industry, which states that by the end of the 14th Five-Five, 80% of the high-end hydraulic gas sealing units and systems are self-sustaining. In our view, in recent years, multiple policies have not only demonstrated the country's commitment to changing the current state of the hydraulic industry, but have also proven the importance of hydraulics in achieving high-end manufacturing.
Hydraulic pump valves (with motors) are relatively high in value and have larger national production space. The core components of hydraulic systems include hydraulic pumps, hydraulic valves, hydraulic motors, hydraulic tanks.
The total value of hydraulic pump valves (including motors) is 46%. However, according to the distribution of the production value of the domestic hydraulic industry priority enterprises in 2021, the highest production was in the hydraulic cylinders, which accounted for 35.6%, while hydraulic valves, hydraulic pumps and hydraulic motors, while they were more valuable, were technologically difficult, with less distribution of production value, 15.7%, 12.4% and 11.2%, respectively.
Thus, hydraulic pump valves (including motors) are a priority area for national production.
Hydraulic systems and devices  hydraulic accessories  hydraulic motors and other hydraulics
Hydraulic tanks have been replaced by national production, and high-end hydraulic fluids are still in trade deficit. According to the export and import situation, the reservoir market has developed rapidly in recent years, with a trade deficit of 3,497 million won in 2011, decreasing every year, and successfully shifting from a trade deficit to a trade surplus in 2016.
Annual imports amounted to $494 million and exports amounted to $114 million, still in trade deficit.
3.1.2 “Export demand + machines instead of artificial + environmental standards upgrade”, which contributes to the weakening of the engineering and machinery cycle, the expansion of the overseas market of domestic manufacturers and the volatility of domestic cycles. As a major power in the engineering and machinery manufacturing industry, we have developed rapidly in recent years, not only by actively expanding our overseas operations and establishing an offshore service system, but also through capital.
In 2011-2021, according to the Chinese Association of Engineering and Machinery, exports of excavators rose from 4565 to 68451, with cagr as high as 31%.
Domestic excavators export much more than imported, and the core logic behind this data lies in the steady increase in the capacity of domestic diggers to produce their products. Especially in the post-epidemiology era, the global engineering and machinery industry is in a low-down zone, with economic movements, but data on domestic excavator exports suggest that overseas markets are showing strong growth, with the same volume of excavator exports growing in 2020.
30%, and in 2021 there were 684,000 exports, representing a 97% increase in the same year. According to the latest data from the Engineering and Mechanical Industry Association, re-innovation of excavators during the year 2022 was high, at a total of 10,95 million, a 60% increase.
The offshore market of high-quality leading firms is expanding to smooth down domestic demand from the downside of engineering machinery in the country. Machines replace manual labour.
The demographic dividend diminishes from year to year, and the “mechanical replacement” becomes inevitable. At this point, the country’s ageing problem is high, with a population aged 65 years and over accounting for 14.2% in 2021, as a result of the gradual disappearance of the demographic dividend in a deeply ageing society, the continuing rise in the cost of power, the shrinking of the profit margin for manufacturing enterprises, and the accelerating trend of the industry’s “machine replacement” on the other side.
On the other hand, with the development of new technologies such as automation and networking, intelligentness is also important in order to generate greater economic benefits. Thus, we draw two major demands from the “machine-substitution manual” process: one for the replacement of the labour force with existing mechanical products and the other for the upgrading of existing conventional equipment.
Substitute demand. These two components of demand are expected to expand at an accelerated pace, driven by both population ageing and intelligent development, thereby weakening the industry’s cyclicality.
\triangleright Country 4 upgrades the green transformation of engineering machinery. Engineering machinery is a high-pollution-emitting industry. In the context of "double carbon", accelerating green transformation is the only option for sustainable development of the industry, and environmental standards will lead to more equipment.
New demand. According to the sale of domestic excavators in 2011 - 2021, the year 2016 - 2018 saw a higher rate of annual growth, resulting in a significant increase in the sale of excavators, which, in addition to the economic cycle, resulted more from the replacement of equipment within the industry, driven by the introduction of a new three national policies in April 2016.
Accelerating replacement. On 1 December 2022, the non-road mobile machine country IV standards were successfully implemented, and the three-class mainframe plants were on the move to launch a series of new products. Although the external environment is different from 2016, it is still in the engineering machine down-cycle, and the equipment will be replaced slightly later than before, taking into account price factors.
In terms of the specific requirements of the country’s 4th upgrade, or in terms of its two-carbon vision, the country’s 4th upgrade will inevitably open up new growth poles in the market, creating a wave of replacement demand for equipment, thus mitigating the downside effects of this round of engineering machinery.
In conclusion, we believe that, driven by three layers of “export demand + machine instead of manual + environmental standards upgrade”, engineering machinery is expected to hit the bottom this year, and industry leaders are expected to revalue.
Excavator is an important category of equipment in the engineering and machinery industry, reviewing the weekly period of the engineering and machinery industry from the sales of excavators.
With the investment of $4 trillion and the implementation of the second national standard, the engineering and machinery industry was launched in June 2009 and the engineering and machinery industry went down after May 2011 as a result of excess industrial capacity and real estate regulation, while in 2016, as the year of the 13th Five-Fiveth, intelligent manufacturing accelerated, with domestic and foreign capital investment increasing, equipment upgrading, etc.
The engineering and machinery industry has recovered high growth as a result of the “one-way” strategy, the third-level upgrading, and so on. Reverse the growth path of the stubble fluid pressure, it can be clearly found that the company has captured the two rounds of engineering and machinery cycles, from aerodynamic components, and the provider has grown into a domestic hydraulic tap.
Figure 37 Monthly sales of excavators in the country have increased at the same rate from 2008 to the present, in view of business developments, in 1997 the company began to engage in the development and manufacture of ports, metallurgical equipment with large tanks and has since entered the hydraulic industry; in 1999 the company successfully developed high-pressure tanks for excavators to overcome the problem of "crick necks".
Henzung embarked in 2004 on the path of autonomous research and development of an excavator hydraulic tank; in 2003, the company took advantage of the technological advantages it had accumulated in the field of hydraulic tanks, and successfully developed a shield tank with a long-term cooperation with Matsunaga as the country's first batch shield.
Thus, it can be said that companies have been building up their technical capabilities in hydraulics since 1997 on the basis of research and development, thus laying a solid foundation for companies to seize the opportunities for industrial development. Taking the upper cycle, the boom has been a positive expansion of the Digger Tank business.
Policies such as the “4 trillion” investment plan, the 10 major industrial renewal plan, the combination of domestic modernization, urbanization, accelerated industrialization and internationalization, sustained growth in national fixed-asset investment, the up-to-date cycle in the engineering and machinery industry, and continuous improvements in the process of excavator tank processes and performance by companies, and the rapid development of excavator tank operations.
In terms of revenue, in 2008-2011, the pit industry grew from 158 million yuan to 887 million yuan, and the cagr from 78 per cent to 78.26 per cent. During this period, the company followed the downstream mainframe to expand the market, the company ' s domestic market in 2008 was 13.6 per cent, and in 2010 it became a qualified vendor for Caterpillar and the market.
The rate was 20.4 per cent, and in order to further break out of capacity constraints, companies increased their inputs of critical equipment and upgrades to production technology in the same year. In 2011, equipment capacity grew gradually, with an accelerated rate of 26.2 per cent in the city. During this cycle, the company became one of the country ' s four main exclusive tanker suppliers, and was the only nationally owned branding company.
For a better analysis of the company’s development history, refining companies’ competitive advantages, we began with a strong demand for the company’s stock price since it was listed in the non-square tank business, and an upturn in the stock market in the excavator tank. From the company’s performance, 2011-
At the root, this is mainly due to the rapid growth of the non-scaling tank business, which effectively guarantees the company ' s performance. The amount of non-standard fuel for heavy equipment rose rapidly to $516 million, from 21% to 47%. However, from the point of view of enterprise development, the company ' s share of the dredging tank continued to increase during this period, with 54.6% in 2015, including the small- and medium-scale dredging tank.
Increases faster and the market position is strong; 2) active expansion of foreign markets through the establishment of the United States subsidiary and the Japanese branch division in 2012 and the acquisition of the German Waco tank manufacturing company, together with the acquisition of haweinline in 2015, with an increase in foreign revenue from 2 per cent in 2011 to 28 per cent in 2015; 3) expansion of new business and increased R & D investment, and M & D in Shanghai in 2012
In addition, research and development of large excavator tanks, non-scaling tanks, hydraulic pump valves and accessories was actively pursued, with the cost of research and development rising from 3.45 per cent to 7.99 per cent.
The tank business followed the industry’s rapid upswing and the hydraulic valves burst. Performance, 2016-face, expanded in tandem with capital investment, with the recovery of the excavator tank from $529 million to $3.27 billion, and the city’s share from hydraulic pump valves, during which the company continued to expand its research and development of high-end hydraulics and to launch a new product series.
With the release of the current investment dividend and the high rate of revenue growth, which increased from $83 million in 2016 to $3.236 billion, the cagr is high and, on the whole, both upward and downward, has benefited from the company ' s high-quality development strategy, with the company having outperformed the industry average in two periods of up-to-date harvest and market performance and low performance volatility in the lower-end cycle.
On average in the industry, it is not only proof of the firm’s exact layout in the hydraulic industry, but also of the firm’s and management’s correct judgement about the trends in the industry and its development. So, we believe, at the dawn of a new cycle, the company has the strength to be precise again.
In the medium- and long-term perspective, given the accelerated capital investment in the post-epidemiological era, the frequency of good real estate policies, and the country's four emission targets, we believe that there is a structural tendency in the engineering and machinery industry, and that companies, as leading companies of high quality, have a 3.3 logic three: high growth - supply-side innovation - demand-side deployment.
3.3.1 Excavator industry: The offshore market demand for the tank is expected to rise, the pump valves are national alternatives to the larger, and the excavator tank is the company’s core business and is the company’s base plate.
There is still room for improvement in the cyclical changes in domestic markets. But in overseas markets, the new global crowning epidemic has stabilized, creating huge scope for economic recovery, thus boosting the need for infrastructure investment, and the offshore engineering industry, which has been validated by data on domestic excavators exports in almost two years (exitors in 2021).
The number of 684,000, a 97 per cent increase in the same year, and the number of domestic excavators exported in January-November 2022, amounted to 98.7 million, an increase of 65 per cent. While we believe that the projected decline in the rate of future excavators exports will fluctuate, the overall volume of exports will continue to grow in the medium to long term.
At present, companies account for the highest share of domestic markets, up to 62%, and about 30% worldwide, in the area of excavators. In the future, on the domestic market, while still in the industry cycle, on the one hand, the post-epidemiology era, with strong support from infrastructure and real estate policies, will lead to an improvement in the sales of domestic excavators and, on the other hand, the company’s share of cities in the medium- and large-scale bunkers.
In overseas markets, in the context of the recovery of offshore engineering machinery, taking into account the high value and branding effects of company excavators, and the company’s continued expansion in overseas markets, 2) current customers, represented by Caterpillar, follow industry patterns and demand expands; 3)
The increase in demand is due to the ongoing process of overseasization of the country’s entire plant. According to our calculations, the size of the excavator tank market in 2021 is about $5.6 billion, and the projected market size of the excavator tank is about $4.2 billion in 2022, with 63% of the company’s share, and the business is about 2.7 billion yuan, and by 2025, the excavator tank market is estimated to be about $4.2 billion.
The size is expected to rise to $6.2 billion, with 64 per cent of the company and about $3.9 billion in business. Digger pump valves, hydraulic pump valves, need to be domesticated and market space is wide.
Hydraulic pump valves and motors are more difficult and barriers are higher, domestic hydraulic industry enterprises are currently less capable of autonomous innovation and basic research, and domestic high-end hydraulics are still dominated by foreign investors. In the case of pump valves, for example, large- and medium-scale diggers, supply of pump valves is largely dominated by Kawazaki heavy labourers and Bo Shizla. In the case of hydraulic motors, the return of domestic excavators is monopolized.
Mada, which is dominated by foreign capital Kyb and Danforth, has achieved a small supply of goods, while motor capital, which is dominated by Nabot Skeeter, has a sophisticated Eddie on the national product plate. As a result, the markets in question are in urgent need of national production, with a larger replacement space.) The value of the pump valves in the field of walking machinery is about 1.5-3 times that of the tank.)
It is relatively high, making it easier to expand different application scenarios, and to create 10 billion class firms, with global hydraulic mega-heads predominantly based on pumps and valves as core products. Digger pump valves are an important source of pre-cycle performance outbreaks, and the city’s share of large-scale pump valves will accelerate in the future.
In the area of early layout hydraulic pump valves, the subsidiary hydraulic technology was established in 2013 and the hydraulic technology pump valve plant was put into operation in 2014 and was rapidly released in 2016-2021, mainly by excavator pump valves, with a compound growth rate of up to 108%. Through many years of research and development, the company has accumulated extensive industrialization experience in the area of pump valves and is well equipped to carry out critical technology research and development.
In the field of dredging, according to the exchange notes of listed companies, there are about 50% of small-dump valves, 20% of mid-dump valves, and about 10% of large-dry pump valves. Currently, the lower share of medium-deep pump valves is mainly due to lower-lying plant certification and capacity constraints, and in recent years the products of large-dump pump valves in companies have been fully matched with the mainframes of major mainframe plants.
In June 2022, the company's large excavator pump valve product, "v90n230dp axle plug and joint variable pumps and hvme 700 (b) overall hydraulic multi-pathic control valves" were successfully validated by the provincial employment office. So, we believe, the structural opportunities of this industry and the next round of industry's overall up-to-date cycle,
The city of the large and medium dig pump valves is expected to rise to the level of the small dig. The non-digger industry, with a strong growth momentum in the non-digger industry, will focus in the future on high machines, agricultural machines, and seaworks markets, using the axle-throwing variable pump v90n-dt series in figure 49.
Continuous expansion of the non-digger engineering and non-engineering machinery fields, and continuous enrichment of product line types. Oil tank operations on the surface, with 1,684,000 non-turbing tanks sold in 2021, an increase of 36.23 per cent compared to the previous year, of which the weight series and the new energy non-calculators showed significant performance, with an increase of 57.94 per cent and 88.84 per cent, respectively, in revenue for the year, while the sea industry was exceedingly large.
Super-sized piston poles, super-long trip stumps have also been delivered. Pump valves and motors, non-digging engineering machinery, high-altitude operational vehicle industry, visible domestic and export volumes; non-engineering machinery, applied to industrial pumps of the V30g series and to multidisciplinary applications, have been successfully produced and produced.
It has developed products such as wired motors, electromagnetic plug valves, multi-industry use of valves, and has created a solid product base for the continued growth of industrial pump valves.
\triangleright above m, with hydraulic or electric systems at the disposal of multiple hydraulic tanks capable of lifting up and down a vehicle to operate.
At a later stage, the product penetration rate is low and is still growing rapidly. As the demographic dividend subsides and human costs rise, the time-consuming traditional scaffolding model of high-altitude operations shows a tendency to be replaced by high-altitude platforms, whose value is widely recognized in the market. In 2017-2021, high-altitude platforms were sold from 45.8 million.
In 2021, the U.S. high-altitude platform held 6,646 thousand high-altitude platforms, and according to observational projections, the domestic holdings in 2021 amounted to 3,844,000 units.
There is still much room for improvement in the future market for high-altitude platforms in China. Figure 512019-2021. Market size of high-altitude platforms in China. Figure 502017-2021. High-altitude platforms in China.
As a high-tech high-altitude high-altitude operating equipment, high-altitude operating vehicles have high safety and operational requirements, companies have successively launched multi-specific pump valves and motor products, and comprehensive system solutions.
Multi-circuit valves or electromagnetic-magnetic multi-channel valves can achieve precision operations for movements such as variations, scals, reversions, diversions, platforms, etc. 2) Walking systems: php3g/hp4vg closed pump + hm3v plug/hm5v francial selmada, hydrostatic walk systems with the advantage of control accuracy, microdynamicity, compact structure, energy conservation, etc. 3) Electrodynamics.
Agriculture is the basic industry that supports the construction and development of the national economy, and hence agriculture.
In February 2022, the State Council issued the “14th Five-Year Plan for the Advancement of Rural Modernization in Agriculture,” which calls for the intensification of research and development on weak agricultural equipment and the strengthening of research and development applications for large- and medium-sized, smart, and complex agricultural machinery. In recent years, the country has become more mechanized, with the strong support of national policies.
In terms of holdings of agricultural machinery, there was a steady increase from 198 million to 206 million in 2018-2021. In terms of the total power of agricultural machinery, the total power of agricultural machinery increased with the increase in the size of the sector, bringing the total power of agricultural machinery to 1,078 million kilowatts in 2021, an increase of 2.1 per cent.
Figure 532018 - 2021 China’s agricultural machinery holdings Chart 542017 - 2021 China’s total power and speed of agricultural machinery hydraulic systems are essential for both agricultural performance and economic efficiency. “Deduction” is the weight of the increase in food production.
The company, as a domestic liquid-pressure core, has introduced many pump valve products and system solutions that have matured for mechanical applications, such as cranes.
Schools have a stable farm operation. The Hp4vg high-pressure closed-pumps, which cover 60-175 cc/rev, for example, are equipped with a cotton-picking system solution that can respond to different types of machinery and working conditions.
In China, where the market for agricultural machines is large, the company’s series of products are expected to be successful on the market for re-engineer pump valves. In China’s market for seamen, the company mainly provides marine tank operations.
In the context of the accelerated construction of the offshore wind farm, it is evident that the duty station is off the sea, particularly affected by tidal waves and salt fog corrosion, which puts higher demands on the corrosivity of the offshore oil tanks. On the endogenous side, the company, based on extensive seawork applications experience, can be tailored to suit the specific needs of its customers.
In December 2021, the company built a year-long super-large tank, super-large pistachio poles, super-long trip stumps, hydraulic cylinders and systems are about to be delivered successfully, not only to withstand the maximum work pull of 19,400kn against 29,700kn, but also to meet the certification agency's maximum work thrust.
In terms of outreach, in 2022, the company acquired its fully-owned subsidiary, Prices Surface Technology Ltd.
The company is therefore expected to consolidate its available resources, upgrade the technology and production capacity of the rhesus heat spray, and contribute to the production of the Helium Sea oil.
In 2021, the company issued a non-public distribution plan, which provided an additional $5 billion for projects in Mexico ($1.2 billion), linear drivers ($1.5 billion), international research and development centres (650 million), general hydraulic pump technologies ($310 million) and super-heavy.
In particular: 1) Mexico Factories Project: Accelerating Globalisation Operations to Advance the Internationalized Development Strategy; 2) Linear Drive Project: Focusing on Enhancing Research and Development Capacity in Electric Tanks and Rolling Stones.
The project will produce 104,000 standard annual rolls after delivery, 4,500 heavy roller poles, 750 planetary roller poles,
Production capacity of 100,000 metres of standard roller wire poles and 100,000 metres of heavy roller wire poles International research and development projects: mainly hydraulic pump valves and motor-related studies, which contribute to the development of high-end hydraulic pressure unit research and development capabilities and do not provide technical reserves for the production of Mexican plants.
4) General Hydraulic Pump Modification Project: The General Pump valve market is larger than the excavator market and is a market area where companies will focus on the future. This project will help to address the lack of capacity of the company's general pump valves, promote rapid expansion of the company's pump valve operations, and help optimize the product structure, reaching 9,000 in the postnatal years.
The production capacity of the general hydraulic pumps will be extended to 70,000 per year. 5) Super-heavy heavy tank project: helps companies to improve the production capacity of unscathed super-heavy tanks, mainly in the maritime industry, large-scale hydraulics, pressurized machine beds and metallurgy.
The production capacity of 2,800 tons of unspecified super-heavy heavy tanks has helped enrich the company’s product structure. Taken together, the project not only effectively addresses the energy bottlenecks at this stage when companies expand their business lines, but also focuses on the future, nurtures high-end hydraulics research and development capabilities, optimizes the company’s current product structure, and globalizes the products that follow it.
The expansion laid the foundation for accelerating the process of replacing high-end hydraulics with national production. So, we think that, while the company grew up as a weekly stock, at this stage it is more productive than the cycle.
Competitions in the domestic hydraulic industry can be divided into three categories: one is a well-known foreign hydraulic brand, such as Bo Shizla, Kawasaki Heavy Worker, Kyb, etc.; the second is a large domestic hydraulic device manufacturing enterprise, such as a rhesus hydraulic pressure, Eddie precision, silhouette fluid pressure; and the third is a national integrated engineering and machinery manufacturing enterprise, acquired through mergers and acquisitions or with its own capital.
Pressures, such as the Chinese heavy craft, the Kawayun shares, etc. The global competitive pattern of the hydraulic industry shows that in 2019 the global market for constant hydraulic pressure and Eddie’s precision accounted for 2.2% and 0.6% of the world’s markets, both in terms of revenue and in terms of product lines, the company is the absolute leader of the Chinese product plate in the domestic hydraulic industry.
Figure 57 Classification of competitors in the domestic hydraulic industry Figure 58 Comparison of domestic hydraulic firms with strong technology research and development to lead the process of domestication of hydraulics.
And in 2004, on the path of autonomous research and development of the dredging machine hydraulic tank, the market share of the country's brand has gradually increased, with companies accounting for up to 62% so far. With regard to high-end hydraulics, the company has been involved in the development of hydraulic pump valves since 2011 and has started a high-precision hydraulic casting project. Externally, the company has acquired and acquired multi-year production experience in the pump valve field.
Shanghai and Hawe-inline, both internally and externally, have enhanced the company’s technical capabilities in the area of hydraulic pump valves. Until now, the company has acquired a number of key core technologies for high-pressure column-pumping and hydraulic multi-road valves, resulting in the scalding of small- and medium-sized dredging hydraulic pump valves.
From the Māori rate, the overall Māori ratio of companies has been on the rise from 2017 to the present, especially after 2020, when the price of raw materials and steel has increased and the peer-to-peer ratio has increased.
The company is still at a higher level than the company ' s Māori ratio, owing on the one hand to the optimal structure of the company ' s products (high Māori products such as hydraulic pump valves are selling up) and, on the other hand, to the advantage of the company ' s own foundry, which rose to more than 98 per cent overall in 2020, the cost of the company ' s products will be better controlled in the future with the release of the foundry capacity.
The Māori rate remains high. In terms of net interest rates, the effect of scale is evident in the release of the company's pre-investment dividend, which has been gradually widening the net interest rate gap with comparable companies over the last three years. 3.5 Log V: The Stone of His Mountain — Revealing the Monopoly World, which is expected to re-engineer overseas.
In 2021, Bulse Leisure, the world's leading hydraulic industry, generated €6.167 billion in sales, measured at the size of the global hydraulic industry market, 304.3 per cent of which represented 20.3 per cent of work overseas.
Underneath the downside of the mechanical landscape, global cities in 2021 accounted for only 4% of the persistent hydraulic pressure, and there is still much room for raising the long-term hydraulic pressure against the foreign flagship, World Leashler. Rejoice to the World's 100-year history, which can be broken down into five stages.
1) 1795-1964: Development from the foundry as a hydraulic solution specialist. In 1952, the company began to produce standardized hydraulic components and hydraulic devices, and in 1953 it produced the first moving mechanical gear pump produced by industrialization. Since then, the public service has been working on the development and manufacture of pump valves until 1964, when the first small radiator pump containing three columns of cylindrical plugs was built.
Bulk production, company growth as an expert in hydraulic solutions.) 1965-1995: Growed up as a multi-technology provider.
In 1994, the company launched its first non-axis-driven printing press, and a revolution in the area of printing mechanisms. 3) 1996-2000: a shift to multi-technology integration programmes.
4) 2001-2016: Establish global leadership in the area of mobile and control solutions. During 2001, companies worked to integrate software with products and accelerate the process of product intelligence. 2017 to date: digital transformation.
The process of digital transformation, the creation of “future plants” through the interconnection of hydraulic systems, and the development of “future plants.”
Based on R & D, a product-based, business-oriented, self-employed industry, Bo has been focused on technology development and development since it entered the hydraulic industry. At any stage of its growth, R & D has been the company's main theme. According to the company's annual report, Bo's R & D expenditure has been maintained for years.
5-7% of the area. In 2021, Bo Leisure invested €344 million in research and development, mainly for automating walking machines, automating plants, product combinations based on ctrlxautomation platforms, and integrated axial systems in the industrial hydraulic field. To date, Bo Leisure products have a rich matrix, covering assembly techniques, electronic transmission and control, teeth.
Ten major categories of products, such as wheel technology, covering 14 industries such as agroforestry, automobiles, battery production, chemicals, energy and utilities, provide effective assurance of corporate performance.
Looking back at the growth path of the constant hydraulic pressure, it can also be observed that each of the company’s performance outbreaks and the increase in the market share of its products have benefited from a large amount of research and development inputs in the previous period. In the case of the product category, the company’s product has expanded from a single tank to a maximum of non-polluted types of oil tanks, hydraulic pump valves, motors, hydraulic systems, electric cylinders, roller wire poles, etc.
• Mergers and acquisitions of high-quality companies, combined capabilities and rapid entry into new areas
Mergers and acquisitions are the best option to strengthen a combination of power and move quickly into a new segmented area. Each of the six important M&As by Bo Leaksler is the key to enabling the company to improve its technological strength or enter the new market.
Valves created a stable basis for the 2016-2021 outbreak. We believe that, in the growth phase of an enterprise, M & As mean “strong and strong union” and that it is essential for enterprise development by combining the technological advantages of both parties, creating complementarities or synergies, and thus gaining a dominant position in domestic and even global competition.
In the second phase of corporate development, Bo started to organize overseas markets. In the case of China, for example, China’s market, the market has been closed to a large number of countries in the region.
In 1978, the company began setting up the Chinese market, creating Bo Shilesla (China), and since then China has been the third largest producer in the world, after Germany and the United States, in 2005 for all Chinese industries. To date, the product has covered mobile machinery applications, hydraulic engineering, port machinery, ship and marine engineering.
In addition to setting up offices in Hong Kong, Bo Shilesla (China) has established representative offices in Shanghai, North Kyoto, Dalian, Guangzhou and Chengdu for sales, business contacts, services and technical support. In addition to China, companies have been laid out in several countries, including the United States, Italy, Turkey, India, and the United Kingdom.
The share of local sales in 2021 was nearly 21 per cent in its domestic (German) market, and the remaining 79 per cent showed that the globalized layout of Bo's World Leafler not only broadened the distribution of products, but also enriched the market experience of companies, and to some extent accelerated the upgrading of company technology, a virtuous cycle.
• Europe (except Germany) – Asia, Africa, Australia – Germany – North America – The constant hydraulic pressure is accelerating the global layout, and the top ten manufacturing bases are expected to raise their share of overseas revenues. In 2012, the Public Administration formed US and Japanese subsidiaries.
In 2017, the company's Chicago factory was made operational, and in 2020 it established an Indian subsidiary. In 2022, the company's Mexican factory entered the infrastructure construction phase. To date, the company has 10 major manufacturing funds worldwide, covering more than 20 countries. The largest production base abroad is Mexican workers.
We believe that, with the introduction of Mexican factories, the process of corporate globalization will be forward-looking, taking stock of future developments in the industry, pre-positioning, 1965-1995.
From 2001 to 2016, Rolex started a smart chapter focusing on software-driven development and interconnected transfer and control solutions. From 2017 to the present, Rolex has been following “Industrial 4.0” developments, layouts, industrial automation, working on digital transformation and building “Future Plants”.
Development is linked to the overall trends and extent of manufacturing in Germany, but its success has seized every opportunity of the time, thus comparing Germany, the apparent lack of domestic manufacturing levels, the existence of large replacement spaces in the high end hydraulics market, and the fact that there are also a number of “strangular” problems in electricization, but it can be ascertained from the rhesus hydraulic acceleration project that companies are fine.
The future of the country's hydraulic industry is well captured, so we believe that the company is expected to grow rapidly in the upgrading of the industry, becoming the next “Bosebler”.4 Caterpillar's new stock price is an inspiration for domestic engineering machinery.
A major factor in the recent increase in Trebil’s stock prices has been its over-expected performance and profitability in the last three quarters. Figure 67, in terms of the Caterpillar stock price map, for almost a year, has benefited from higher prices and sales, with Caterpillar earning $15 billion in q3 sales in 2022.
On the profit side, Caterpillar earned $2.60 in 2022. The net interest rate on sales also rose to 13.61 per cent. On the operational side, the engineering and machinery business received $627.6 million, an increase of 19 per cent over the same period, but the profit on the business was $1,209 million, a 40 per cent increase in the same year, in the resource area.
In the third quarter, the Latin American region recorded a 51 per cent increase in the Latin American region, a 29 per cent increase in the North American region and a 1 per cent increase in the Asia-Pacific region.
Three-quarter financial data are overmarketed, taking into account two quarters of Caterpillar's financial data. In this regard, we summarize a number of reasons why the three-quarters of Cartepel's data are bright and stock prices are high: 1) the global price of bulk commodities is rising, supporting corporate mining revenues.
2) As a leader in the global engineering and machinery industry, a stable pattern of competition, a strong price-fixing capacity, and a shift in firms’ pressure to increase supply chain costs through price hikes to increase profitability. And management has publicly shown that price increases in the fourth quarter will continue to exceed the rise in manufacturing costs, and sales will continue to grow.
In September 2022, BPG, Caterpillar and Finning International announced that they would gradually replace the entire fleet of mine cards of the BPE copper mine, which will be updated as a cat (Catete) 798ac power-driven truck.
In the second half of 2023, the rest of the vehicles will be delivered inland over the next 10 years. This replacement has not only increased the number of Caterpillar trucks, but has also contributed to the transition from a mine to clean energy.
4) The strategic layout of globalization. In the future, the liberalization of the domestic epidemic is positive for future market demand in the Asia-Pacific region.
Capital investment has recovered, assuming a steady increase in future sales of domestic excavators and overseas exports; (2) the company has the highest market position in the hydraulic tank sector and is expected to continue to increase in the future because of its product advantage; and, optimized, the company's Māori level is expected to be controlled.
(ii) Hydraulic pump valve 1) The company ' s continued expansion in the area of non-guided pump valves and motors, the expected outbreak of non-bill pump valves in 2023 in the field of high machines, agricultural machinery and seaworks, has maintained high growth since then, while the expected increase in the share of non-digger pump valves and motor operations is expected;
2) Assuming a small decline in the Māori rate in 2022 and then benefiting from the company ' s casting energy release, the cost of the product can be controlled and the Māori rate of the product is expected to recover slightly.
1) In 2022, affected by the epidemic and the engineering cycle, there was a decline in the sales of tanks, and it is assumed that in 2022, also in the oil tank spare parts business, the company ' s Māori rate is expected to be controlled, taking into account the subsequent optimization of the product structure.
1) The business is currently small and assumes a steady expansion in the future; 2) Considering that the business is still in its outreach phase and that the whole system solution is a trend towards a small decline in the future Māori ratio of the business in order to expand the market.
The long-standing hydraulic depth industry, which has been the absolute leader of the domestic hydraulic industry for many years, has been driven by technology in recent years, continuing to break through the core process of high-end hydraulics, enriching product lines and expanding operations in non-diggered areas. 1) Core high-end hydraulics technology is difficult to break through;
2) Domestic infrastructure policy support is less than expected; 3) downstream plant demand is less than expected; 4) non-digging and overseas markets are not expanding as expected.
Use legally compliant information, produce the present report independently and objectively, use the data and information used in this report from the market, do not provide any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these messages, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained in the report will not change. The information and comments in the report will be considered only. I have not been, are not, and will not receive any form of compensation directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views in this report.