It's a machine team that travels through cycles, downstreams, new product aids.
The company has been building from a single hydraulic tank, with hydraulic pressure at its core, and has gradually developed into a large aggregate of products that have been developed and manufactured, including high-pressure tanks, high-pressure piping pumps, hydraulic multi-road valves, industrial valves, hydraulic systems, hydraulic test stations and high-precision hydraulic castings.
Beyond the excavators, high machines, agro-market relays, industrial pump valves are vast. For 22 years, markets such as high machines, agricultural machines, new energy, etc., have increased significantly and their share of income will increase rapidly.
The negative impact of the downside of the scaffolding market. In the high-speed sector, company depth packages jlg, 1. Corporate q3 performance reverses, diversified layout supports the smooth cycle - the long-sliding cycle, Gini, Ding Li, Xu, China, etc., global high-plane tap manufacturers, tank pump valves, motors, etc.
In a series of releases, we expect a 30 per cent compound increase in corporate high-machine market revenues in 2022-24. 2. Performance short-term pressure, diversified layouts are expected to build growth poles - constant hydraulic pressure, agro-mechanical markets, and companies have moved into high-end markets in Europe and domestic agro-mechanics, with remarkable integration.
3. "Combined layout of diversified products, building hydraulic fluids for resilience -- first rounding up the agricultural machine market with revenues of 300 million, 1 billion, 1.8 billion, 2024 as a share of the agricultural machinery market " .
In January 2023, billions of dollars were distributed in private, to projects such as linear drives, rollers, etc. Linear drives.
It is the technological upgrading of hydraulic cylinders and cylinders, alternative upgrading of the corporate frontier hydraulics industry, technology, technology development and product production in multi-application areas such as high-altitude platforms, maritime, industrial and medical applications, and delivery and marketing of finished products to clients.
The higher base, the long-standing foreign monopoly of our high-end market with the company, with its more sophisticated processing technology, is expected to drive the nationalization of our roller-line market into a new growth pole.
The company has been pursuing a globalization strategy, with 22 years of success in setting up a production base in Mexico, which is now in the infrastructure phase and is expected to be operational in 23 years, with a conversion plant worth about $1.7 billion. Mexican factories will benefit from the US-Mechamera Free Trade Area agreement, and products will enter the United States market.
At the same time, tariff preferences can significantly reduce the impact of Chinese and American tariffs on the prices of corporate products, enhance the competitiveness of corporate products in the United States market, and enable companies to explore more effectively the market for industrial relays such as downstream high- and agricultural machines, as well as extensive hydraulic inputs.
Under the two-wheeling dredging weather cycle, the company achieved significantly higher growth than the industry; from fuel tanks to pump valve motors, to system integration, it has grown into an internationally competitive pool of hydraulics.
The expansion of real estate investment has been accompanied by a liberal credit policy, domestic engineering machinery is in a period of boom, companies have seized the opportunity, the excavator tank business has been replaced by national production, and the city’s share has continued to rise, with an average annual compound increase of 56%. From 2011 to 2015, the country’s infrastructure slowed considerably, and engineering machinery has gone down. Since 2011, companies have opened special fuel tanks.
The steady upswing in revenue has been a powerful means of compensating for the company ' s loss of revenue from reduced sales of excavator tanks, which recovered at an average annual rate of -1%. From 2016 to 2021, the excavator industry recovered from renewed demand, emissions upgrades, machine replacements. And from 2016 onwards, after the tank, the company pump valves began to run, and the tank and pump valve operations resonant.
Corporate revenue is even higher, with a 43% annual compound rise in revenue over the period. With the two-wheeler boom in the excavator industry, the company has significantly outpaced the growth of the industry, with more than 50% in the excavator tank, more than 30% in the dredger small pump valve, strong market competition and a significant increase in overall competitiveness.
Beyond the excavators, the high machines, the agro-market relays, the industrial pump valves are vast. The market is worried that the company will not grow enough space after the excavator market. We believe that the excavator is only one of many applications of hydraulics, and the downstream demand for hydraulics is in many areas such as walking machines, industrial machinery, plant automation, new energy, space engineering, etc. in 2022.
Since then, revenues from the company ' s downstream dredgers industry have continued to decline, falling below 50% in the first three quarters of 2022. In addition to the excavators, the markets for high machines, agricultural machines, new energy sources, etc., have grown rapidly.
Businesses, walking motors and closed pumps are growing at a high rate, while the bulk delivery companies of the main valves will break through the continent and the high-end markets of the country, supplying agricultural pumps and motor products in bulk. We expect the public agro-machine market revenue to rise from 300 million to 1 billion in 2022 to 1.8 billion in 2024 to 16 per cent in 2024 and become a company.
Second-largest downstream. In the medium-to-long term, the industrial pump valve market, where companies have successfully developed wired motors and brakes products, balance valves, a series of products, more than 100 types of electromagnetic plug-in valves, and multi-industry use of valves, among other products, to create a solid product base for industrial pump valves to continue to grow in production.
The company has been pursuing an internationalization strategy that has built up a large number of high-quality customers worldwide, including the world’s 500-strong companies, such as Caterpillar, Japanese Steam Steel, Hitachi, and Kubota. In 2022, the company successfully established itself in Mexico.
Mexican factories are now in the construction phase and are expected to be operational in 2023. Mexican factories are designed to produce 1.7 billion yuan, with medium-engineering mechanical tanks, non-scaling tanks, pumps, and motors designed to produce 640 million yuan, 650 million yuan, and 420 million yuan, respectively.
New businesses, such as linear drives and rollers, foster new growth poles. Electric tanks are technology upgrades for hydraulic tanks and gas cylinders, replacements for upgrades in the company’s front-line hydraulic industry, in high-altitude platforms, maritime, industrial, medical, etc.
The rollers are one of the core components of the cylinder and one of the most commonly used mechanical transmission components, which are widely used in industrial equipment and precision instruments in the fields of digital control machinery, precision machines, industrial machinery, electronic machinery and aerospace.
Annually, it will reach $29,661 million, with an average annual compound growth rate of about 6.14 per cent. However, the technical barriers to Rolling Stones are extremely high, and the global market is dominated by German companies such as Scheffer and Scheffer, my country's silver and silver technology in Taiwan, Japanese blackfields and nsk, and Japanese and European Rolling Stone Enterprises, which have yet to form an internationally influential brand.
With more sophisticated processing techniques, the company is expected to boost the nationalization of our roller sling market and form a new growth pole.
2.1. The deep-farming industry, which is now 30-carrying, has become the country’s full-blown hydraulic pipeline, and the product chain is gradually being developed. The firm’s deep-farming hydraulic industry, which is 30-carrying, is gradually developing from a single hydraulic tank manufacturing operation to cover high-pressure tanks, high-pressure column plug pumps, hydraulic multi-road valves, industrial valves, hydraulic systems,
Large-scale integrated enterprises that develop and manufacture products such as hydraulic test stations and high-precision hydraulic castings are committed to becoming providers of international audio high-end hydraulic packages and hydraulic technology programmes, from tanks to pump valves to motors, one step by one, to national production.
After the company made a big leap in the tank area, the new pump valves began to produce bulk quantities in 2017, the front-runner factory in the country, with a rapid increase in the city’s occupancy rate, has now achieved bulk supply of foreign brands.
The company broke through the motor products and made a rapid release on the excavator motor and the general motor market. 2.2. By using the excavator track, it achieved its own glamorous transformation. Prior to 2022, the company built on the two-wheel excavator industry weather cycle to replace the import of hydraulics in the excavator field.
After 2022, companies are expected to grow from a non-digging market to an integrated 100-year-old shop with long-term capacity to grow robustly. Between 2009 and 2011, the expansion of capital, real-estate investment, and liberal credit policies led to the development of domestic engineering machinery.
During the boom period, the company seized the opportunity to replace the Digger Tank business with a 56% annual compound increase in corporate income. In 2011-2015, the domestic infrastructure slowed down significantly and engineering machinery went down. Meanwhile, since 2011, the revenue of the Department ' s Special Tanks has steadily increased, making a significant contribution to the loss of company income from reduced sales of the Digger Tanks.
From 2016 to 2021, the excavator industry began to recover, benefiting from renewed demand, emissions upgrading, machine replacements. From 2016 onwards, after the tank, the company pump valves began to spread, the tank and pump valve operations resonant, and the company collected even more.
In 2022 to date, engineering machinery has entered a downward phase, with companies performing under pressure in the first three quarters. At the same time, companies are gradually expanding new lanes beyond excavators, which are expected to pass through the cycle and achieve reverse growth.
The company's dredging tanks are tied down to the main dragon-head mainframes and are competitive. The company's dredging tank business has a long-standing and well-established share in the mainstream mainframe plant, the three-heavy plant, the Xu factory, the Willows, the labour force, etc. The industry also has a well-established share in the global supply of the international dragon-head Carter. According to the company's annual report, the company's dredging tank was sold 85.81 in 21 years.
The company’s pump valves have already supplied the main plants, such as Trinity, Xuhu, and Willow. The company’s subsidiary hydraulics have continued to raise the market share of small digs, medium digs, and large-divide pumps valves in recent years.
In the company’s annual report, we estimate that in 2021, the company’s share of small-scale pumps rose to about 50 per cent, with the centre’s share of pump valves accounting for about 20 per cent and the city of large-scale pump valves accounting for about 14 per cent.
The hydraulic sector: The global market has grown in volatility, with high peak concentration 3.1. The global hydraulic market has grown in volatility. The global hydraulic sector has grown in volatility in engineering machinery and agricultural applications. The hydraulic industry has grown in maturity over nearly a century and has grown in the 1990s.
According to the International Commission on Fluid Dynamics Statistics, global sales of hydraulics in 2021 were about 30.4 billion euros. China has jumped to the top of the global hydraulic sector.
In 2020, China, the United States, Germany sold 36%, 34%, and 9% of hydraulic products, respectively. Walking machines were the main areas of use for hydraulic products, with industrial machinery and agricultural machinery playing an important role. Hydraulic products should be widely used in various areas of the national economy, usually divided into walking machines and other industrial applications.
In China, for example, hydraulic products reached 41% of engineering applications in 2019. In the United States, for example, hydraulic products were used 26% of engineering and 14% of agricultural machinery in 2019; and in the United States, agriculture was also well developed, with higher rates of agricultural machinery.
Figure 9: Distribution of the market for downstream applications of China ' s hydraulics 2019 Chart 10: Distribution of the market for downstream applications of U.S. hydraulics 2019
In China, the strong manufacturing base plus large local market demand plus strong corporate technology research and development have produced 100-year-old shops in hydraulic industries. The global hydraulic component industry has recognized 100-year-old shops such as: Rexroth, Parkerhanifin, Eaton, Kawasaki, etc.
The market for hydraulics in the country has grown steadily, its external dependence remains high, high-end hydraulics imports remain high and long-term dependence on foreign brands. After 2016, we have benefited from the domestic engineering and machinery market.
In 2022, the domestic hydraulic market was expected to rise steadily to about 93.3 billion, with our annual imports of hydraulics accounting for more than 25 per cent of total demand. We estimate that in 2021, Leisla and Kawasaki sold in China at around 10 billion yuan and 3.8 billion yuan, respectively.
At the upper end of the foreign brand, our hydraulics are more dependent on the outside world. According to an analysis of the core hydraulics market for excavators in engineering machines, more than 70% of our high-end hydraulic products depend on imports.
Figure 12: A steady increase in the scale of sales in our hydraulic industry Pumps, valves, oil tanks, motors are core components of hydraulic systems with high technical difficulty and high value. In the five parts of hydraulic systems, pumps, valves, tanks, motors are technologically difficult, high value added, high value, liquid.
The core components of the pressure system are higher in the domestic hydraulic market, with the key components represented by tanks, pumps and valves, which together accounted for 62.9% of the tanks, pumps and valves in 2019, 34.4%, 16.1% and 12.4% respectively.
Hydraulic products are characterized by high processing accuracy, complex processes, and are key building blocks for high-tech added value, providing power, control, etc. for various types of devices.
With five major barriers to entry into the high end hydraulics sector, including manufacturing barriers, brand barriers, product development barriers, financial barriers and barriers to talent, and the need for large-scale industrial division of labour, including basic theoretical research, mechanical manufacturing, materials, seals, casting, oil products, etc., hydraulics have become an important indicator of a country's level of industrialization.
The quality of hydraulics has a direct impact on the quality, performance and operational stability of the mainframe products.
Hydraulic products require long periods of experimentation and market certification before entering the market, large-scale fixed-asset inputs, longer delivery times, testing the adequacy of business liquidity.
The hydraulic industry is a technology-intensive industry.
Hydraulics are the core foundation of “China manufactures 2025” and the state promotes the autonomous development of hydraulics. Hydraulics are part and parcels of the core base of industrial foundations.” China manufactures 2025 “clearly states that by 2020, 40% of the core base zero parts and key basic materials will be self-secured and subject to a gradual reduction in the human condition.
The autonomous guarantee of spare parts, essential basic materials, and the extension of 80 branding and advanced processes, partly at the national and international levels, have led to a better system of basic industrial technical services and have gradually developed a coherent pattern of industrial innovation development.
4.1. Downstream diversification of companies, with a declining share of the single industry of excavators, based on the dominance of the engineering and machinery industry and the domestic market, active diversification strategies and a large number of downstream products,
In 2022, the company made a breakthrough in the field of agricultural machinery, with bulk loaders, cotton pickers, rice machines, wheat mills, tractors, etc., and a certain amount of corporate pump valve products in the fields of seawork, shielding, sculpting, and new energy.
In addition to the excavators, the company actively laid out non-digging products and achieved a certain level of performance. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company ' s revenue in the excavator industry fell to less than 50%, with the excavator tank revenue falling to 61% of the tank ' s plate, and the excavator pump valve.
The share of operations in the hydraulic valves declined to 45.7 per cent, with significant increases in the high-altitude platform area, with high speed growth in motors and closed pumps, while at the same time achieving bulk delivery of the main control valves; breakthroughs were achieved in the field of agricultural machinery in the production of pump valves, and bulk loaders were achieved in cotton pickers, rice mills, wheat mills, tractors, etc.; and corporate pump valves were also produced in seawork, shield structures, presses and new energy.
The source sector has achieved a certain level of loading, laying a solid foundation for future industrial hydraulics. 4.2. Steady economic policies have increased continuously, with a projected drop in the number of places sold in the excavator market in 2023.
Domestic exports have increased. On the driver side, the technology and quality of national product plates have increased in recent years, prices have been more favourable than those of the European and American brands, competitiveness abroad has increased, and national product plates have moved into regions with low per capita capacity of excavators in South-East Asia and Latin America in Africa, and there is great potential for future Chinese excavator exports.
Figure 21: Monthly export sales of excavators and the same ratio Figure 22: Export share of excavator sales
Investments, in the context of lower real-estate investments, tend to serve as a typical hedging tool, typically for the periods 2008 - 2009, 2012 - 2013 and around 2018. Compared to historical infrastructure to sales recovery, a lag date, the publication of the Outline of Strategic Planning for Expanded Domestic Demand (2022 - 2035) reflects the country’s emphasis on inadequate domestic demand.
In 2023, domestic markets are projected to continue to be more resilient and have a narrow downward trend, beneath steady capital growth. In export markets, although the absolute rate of growth has declined, domestic mainframes are still competitive in export markets and are expected to remain relatively resilient and expected to grow by 30 per cent, compounding the situation.
Sales in the excavator industry are expected to decline by about 8.6 per cent in 2023. 4.3. High machine, agro-market relays, industrial pump valves with a wide space of 4.3.1. High machine markets: deep binding of global high-air terminal customers, full series of pump valve motors
Euro-American is the most important market for high-altitude platforms, and the Chinese market is rapidly permeating. The high-altitude platform is a high-altitude operating machine, divided mainly into arms and fork.
China’s high-altitude platform is still a long-term market, and low-cost, efficient, and safe operating guarantees have contributed to the rapid development of high-altitude platforms in the domestic market. According to data from the China Association of Industry, Industry, Industry, Industry, and Industry, China, in 2021, our high-altitude platform was sold at 160.1 million, an increase of 54.60%.
Global high-altitude platform manufacturers are relatively concentrated, with global high-altitude platform manufacturers concentrated more than 36 per cent of their sales in 2021; global top six manufacturers sold more than 54 per cent; global top 10 manufacturers sold more than 70 per cent. In 2021, the global high-altitude platform market was about $12.33 billion, of which about $12.33 billion was marketed.
Jlg and terex (Kini) continue to be the two companies with the largest revenues from high-altitude platforms worldwide, with a market share of 17.1 per cent in 2021 and 12.8 per cent in 2021, respectively, with Chinese firms such as Zhejiang Dingqi, Xu Xu, Xu, China Quereng, and Quasi continuously increasing their strength, with a significant increase in revenues in 2021 and an overall increase in global rankings.
In 2021, we estimated the global high-air market hydraulic requirements to be about $13.2 billion. In general, arm high-altitude operations, platform hydraulics include two pump valves, four walk motors, and eight to ten large cylinders (two large cylinders). Based on market prices, we estimate the total arm high-altitude platform hydraulics at an average value of about $79,000. Fork cutting high-altitude platforms are on average.
Hydraulics include one pump valve each, two walking motors and two fuel tanks, with an average value of about RMB 18,000 per station. Thus, we estimate that the global market for high-altitude platforms will require about RMB 13 billion in 2021, of which the Chinese market is RMB 4.4 billion, the North American market is RMB 6.5 billion, and the European market is RMB 2.1 billion.
In the high-altitude platform industry, companies tie up international flagship customers and export them domestically and domestically. Companies in the high-altitude sector have a higher share of the supply of fuel tanks in jlig, Kini and Zhejiang.
However, the pump valve motor has not yet been supplied in bulk, and in 2023 the company is expected to achieve a market for oil tanks, pump valve motors, 4.3.2. Agromechanicals: access to high-end agro-machine markets in Eastern Europe and the country, where companies will grow in space in the future, the global market for agricultural machinery will be growing overall, and agricultural mechanization in Western Europe and North America will be more mature, according to Germany.
According to statistics from the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development of China, the Asia-Pacific region became the largest agricultural machinery production region in the world by 46.60% in 2018, followed by North America and Western Europe by 17.20% and 16.10%, respectively, and Eastern Europe by about 6.8%, as a result of agricultural mechanization.
More mature, agricultural equipment production is dominated by large agricultural machinery, with high industrial and production stability. Although China’s agro-industrial market has reached the highest level in the world, most of its products are concentrated at the lower and middle ends.
Figure 33: The global market for agricultural machinery is robust in size. According to the German Association of Agriculture, the largest categories of agricultural machinery produced globally are tractors and co-harvesters, which are more concentrated in value than the international agro-industrial market, with the Euro-American region forming the John D. Dill, Keys New Holland, Ekoko-Gon.
In Japan, the top four agro-machine production giants, led by Kuboda, are relatively concentrated. According to our estimates, the global agro-mechanical market demand for hydraulics in 2021 was about $11 billion.
Value distribution, assuming about 30% Māori in the agro-machine market, about 80% of raw materials cost, and about 10-20% of raw materials cost overall. Thus, we estimate that the global demand for hydraulics in the agro-mechanical market in 2021 will be about $10.97 billion, of which $5.1 billion will be in Asia-Pacific markets, $1.9 billion in North America, $1.77 billion in Western Europe, and about $1.17 billion in Eastern Europe.
In 2022, the company achieved a breakthrough in the field of agricultural machinery pumps, motor products, cotton harvesters, rice machines, wheat mills, tractors, etc.
The second largest downstream, beyond the excavator, is time-consuming. 4.3.3. Sustained research and development investment, extending to a wider market of industrial pump valves. Broader applications in the area of industrial pump valves and continued expansion of companies.
Industrial valve products, widely used as equipment packages in mechanical industries such as machine tools, metallurgy, ships, plastics, wind power, cement, etc. In recent years, Shanghai has experienced steady growth in traditional business such as industrial valves such as inverters, cutters, presses, and material testers.
The new Ministry of Industry, which has successfully developed wiring motor and brake products, balancing valve series products, over 100 types of electromagnetic plug-in valves products, and multi-industry product lines with products such as valves, have enriched hydraulic products to sustain the production growth of industrial pump valves, with a total hydraulic market capacity of $92.5 billion in 2020.
Moving on to mechanical hydraulics 4.4. Promote internationalization strategies and stimulate the growth potential of overseas markets. Internationalization of customers has yielded remarkable results.
A large number of high-quality clients have accumulated around the world, including the world’s 500-strong companies, such as Caterpillar, the Japanese Shinzig, the Japan Dairyu, and the Kubota. The Mexican factory is being built, the global supply capacity of companies’ products is being enhanced, and the development and maintenance capacity of overseas clients is being enhanced.
The Department has nine manufacturing bases in China, Germany, Japan, etc., and continues to provide global customers with an efficient and easy home-grown year. Mexican factories will benefit from the US-America Free Trade Area agreement, with tariff preferences when products enter the US market, which can significantly reduce the impact of Chinese-American tariffs on the prices of corporate products and increase the competitiveness of their products in the US market.
5. Layout of new linear drive products, nurturing of new growth poles 5.1. Expand linear drive business and keep pace with the trend of technological innovation
In September 2021, the company launched a 5 billion-dollar targeted increase project, mainly in areas such as the construction of the Mexican tank production base, the linear drive project, and the general hydraulic pumping project. On 6 January 2023, the company completed an increase of 3,546 million shares per share at $56.4.
Two billion dollars in non-public distribution. Among these, the linear drive project is to invest $1.5 billion in electrical upgrading of products, including production of electric cylinders and rollers. The project will produce 104,000 standard rollers, 4,500 heavy rollers, 750 planets, rollers, 100,000 metres of standard rollers and
The electron cylinder (linear drive) is an electromechanical integration product, consisting mainly of servo machines, cylinders, motion units, and location feedback devices. The working principle is that power is the direct power source, with different forms of stalking (or screws) driven by electric machines.
Turns, and transforms it into a screw (or thread) straight motion through a spiral motion between components, and then drives the cylinder or load to a recline motion by a screw (or scuffle). Electric cylinders perform excellent performance, are technical upgrades of hydraulic cylinders and aerodynamic cylinders, and have a wide market perspective.
Electric tanks are cleaner and simpler, more energy efficient for power transmission, and can be easily integrated into programmable control systems, with high accuracy and less noise. The superior performance of electric cylinders determines a broad market outlook that can be applied to experimental equipment such as high-frequency vibration and high-frequency hit stations, industrial automated production lines and assembly lines, and other equipment that can be replaced by hydraulic and aerodynamic devices.
Applications for domestic electric cylinders are not yet widely available, and industry production is dominated by low- and medium-end products, with domestic market size projected to reach $1,146 million in 2022. Many enterprises and institutions abroad, such as the United States of America, Danahermotion, Germany moog, and Germany Bosch, have been developing electric cylinder products for earlier and more advanced technology.
Companies are well-stocked and industrialized in the field of electric tank technology. By 2020, companies have successfully completed the production and validation of samples of electric cylinders, such as 1.25t-75t, and are already involved in multi-application areas such as high-altitude platforms, maritime, industrial and medical applications.
Technology R & D and product production have been delivered to customers and marketed, and the company frontier hydraulics industry has replaced upgrading techniques with a wealth of technological accumulation and industrialization experience.
Rolling wire bar is one of the most commonly used mechanical transmission components. It consists of silk rods, screws, rollers, pre-pressers, reversers, dustproofers. Its main function is to convert rotation movements into linear motion, or torque into axis reactivity. In terms of accuracy, accuracy and efficiency, it is an improved version of the traditional scaffold.
In addition, it saves costs and weight in the overall design of the mechanical system; it is being used extensively in the fields of digital machinery, precision machines, industrial machinery, electromechanics, and aerospace industries for industrial equipment and precision, and is growing steadily on the scale of the global market, with a sharp increase in the Asia-Pacific region. In recent years, high-speed, high-precision and high-quality additions have been noted.
The rising demand for jobs, particularly in the carrier space, auto industry, modelling, photovoltaic engineering and instrumentation industries, has led to larger and higher-end market demand. According to valuemarketresearch data, the global market was $19.548 billion in 2019 and is expected to reach $29.661 billion in 2026.
The average annual composite growth rate is about 6.14 per cent. Of these, the Asia-Pacific region is the main global market for rollers, thanks to the rising demand from developing countries, including China, in the aviation, manufacturing and robotics sectors, and the rapid growth of the Asia-Pacific market share, which in 2019 was 43.56 per cent, and is expected to grow to 46.64 per cent in 2026.
Figure 48: Size of the Global Rolling Clash Market 2019-2026 Chart 49: Size of the Rolling Clash Market in Asia and the Pacific 2019-2026
Starting in 1982, Ho's sophisticated company (who changed the system in 1989 and changed its name to upper silver technology) started the era when Taiwan itself produced such high-precision parts. According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the main manufacturers of the global rollers are Bo Scheffer and Schefferler in Germany.
Some 70% of the world’s market share is held by such companies as upper silver technology in the Gulf, blackfields in Japan, and nsk in Europe. We have a large number of rolling parts manufacturers, but most of them produce a single, low-tech medium- and low-end product, with a level of manufacturing that is somewhat different from that of abroad, and which has not yet had an international impact.
Power brands, autonomous brands, need to be broken further. We have a high technical barrier to roll them, which must be accompanied by high speeds, in addition to the rigid design of the machine-bed equipment.
A major axis system and a high-speed feed system can achieve a high rate of material cutting, requiring a high degree of power in the manufacturing and design of enterprises. A company with sophisticated processing manufacturing capabilities and a technological, technological and equipment base for the production of roller wire bars is expected to contribute to the process of national production.
In the area of precision processing technologies, companies have mastered sophisticated manufacturing processes and have developed autonomous intellectual property rights covering a wide range of products. The core technologies include high-precision hydraulic casting techniques, friction welding techniques, thermal treatment techniques, high-pressure sealing techniques, testing techniques and advanced machine processing techniques.
In terms of process manufacturing, the company, which has a high degree of process integration capacity and a deep base of process data, has been working to promote the establishment and improvement of a lean manufacturing system and to improve the performance of the entire production line through continuous optimization and improvement of key processes.
The underlying conditions of sophisticated manufacturing, with investments in the world ' s leading manufacturing equipment, and the use of advanced technological techniques to achieve high-quality production of sophisticated components, are sufficient.
Precision processing techniques Process manufacturing casting techniques, friction welding
Technology, thermal treatment technology, integration capability and deep-seated labour high-pressure sealing technology, testing
The number of technologists and advanced machine processors who own home-made foundries keeps the industry in the lead.
One of the hydraulics companies that invests in the world's leading excavator industry is projected to sell 2,613,000 units in 2022, a 23.8 per cent decline from the previous year.
In 2023, sales in the excavator industry were the same as -8.6%; and in 2024, the industry began to warm up, benefiting from export and domestic renewal needs. The tank business consisted mainly of two markets: the excavator tank and the non-flagged tank. The company ' s digger tank market remained generally stable. The pump valve business consisted mainly of the excavator pump valve, the non-marked pump valve, the motor, etc.: there was an increase in the stock of large pump valves in the company at any time.
In addition to the release of high machine and farm market pump valves, the company ' s revenue from pump valve operations is projected to increase at a rate of - hydraulic systems in 2022-2024: this business-oriented project-type, which is generally relatively stable; at the beginning of 2023, the company received major projects based on the company ' s tank fittings and castings: overall stability and low overall profitability.
The firm has been under the most pressure from the downside of the excavator industry, and the downstream industry has been less favourable than expected, given the market for industrial relays such as the company’s downstream high- and agricultural machinery. The engineering and machinery industry has a greater macroeconomic relevance, capital investment, and national policies have a greater impact on engineering and machinery, directly affecting the demand for the industry’s main products.
The company has accelerated the pace of its internationalization strategy in recent years, increasing market development and investment in offshore markets such as Europe, Japan, and North America. As international operations are influenced by political, cultural, technological, brand, human capital, among other factors, the company’s overseas operations and overseas investments remain somewhat uncertain and windy.
The price volatility of raw materials has a certain impact on the stability of economic performance, and companies have a risk of operating as a result of large fluctuations in the price of major raw materials. Exchange rate risk. Companies in North America have grown rapidly in recent years, with a certain number of dollar operations, if the dollar changes.
There will be some impact on the financial position of the company.