Three hundred and sixty (601360): Political and Corporate Security, a leading Chinese Internet and mobile security product, we recently studied 360 and exchanged views on the company’s state of affairs and its future development.
In 18 years, corporate advertising revenue has changed structurally.
The trend is expected to continue in the future, with a decline in displaying and searching advertisements, and strong growth in ads at the pc end and mobile end, with rising incomes. Since the first quarter of 19 years, the overall advertising market has been growing at a decreasing rate, companies’ advertising operations have been affected to some extent, and it is possible to maintain the current status quo in the future.
The game business will focus on head games. Eighteen years of regulation and so on, it will focus on running and representing the head game, which used to be mostly hand-and-page, followed by 360 pc-end resources, which is also at the end of the game, with emphasis on working with head-end upstreamers.
The company has sufficient cash and good cash flow. 19q1, the cash on the company's books is more than 15 billion yuan, and in 18 years, the operating cash flow is close to 4 billion yuan. At present, it is set to increase in the final audit phase, raising $10.8 billion. In the future, the company will be active at the end of the year, and this year will be the year of the political market.
Year after year, the company is its strategic shareholder, 360 of which are free-of-charge brand technology and data. After the transfer of Chiamshin shares, the company enters the market and invests heavily in 2b,2g. 360 advantages are mainly in terms of big data security, with the largest white hats in the eastern hemisphere.
More focus on threat-driven, security-driven, and offensive capabilities. The company has already completed its initial organizational architecture, and the company will work with larger local governments, focusing on catching up with the big list, and the company will first take over the government or the city's bag and hand it over to the ecological company to do its own core security business.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect the company ' s net profits for 2019-2021 to be 39, the source of Eastern financial boom, 3600 (601360): secure business with political enterprises, and the future is worth looking forward to.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Three hundred sixty (601360): The future of political and business security is worth looking forward to is the creation of values.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.