2024: Rapid growth in revenue collection, platform-based layout The growth was mainly due to a significant increase in the delivery of high-end corrosion equipment, with new products such as lpcvd and ald forming duplicate orders, of which lpcvd accumulated over 150 response stations in 2024.
1.16 billion yuan, or 9.5 per cent of the year, was mainly due to a significant increase in corporate R & D investment, with R & D spending increasing by +94.3 per cent, resulting in net profit of 1,388 million yuan, or +16.5 per cent of the year, mainly as a result of the increase in Mäori due to growth in revenue. q4 returns 3,558 million yuan, or 60.1 per cent/+72.8 per cent for a single season; the net profit for the parent is 703 million yuan, corresponding to the same profit.
RMB. 2024q4 operating cash flow is moving up to $1,191 million. The etching product continues to lead, and the plating product expands well: (1) ccp device: the majority of the ccp etching applications on 28nm and most of the ccp etching applications on 28nm and below are more comprehensive in the logical field
In the area of storage, ultra-high width corrosion machines have been validated on the client's client's account for 60:1 deep width structure: the collection has continued to increase and the platform has been enhanced.
Capable to successfully enter the 2d&3d storage chip production line. At the same time, the company is actively layoutd into ultra-low temperature etching technology, with a polar reserve of 90:1 deep width compared to etching technology. (2)icp device: the number of cagrs installed on the client side of the company's icp device for nearly four years is over 100%, and as of 2024, cumulatively over 1025 stations have been installed, covering over 50 stations.
Logic, dram, 3dnand, etc.; company tsv etching equipment has also been used for advanced encapsulation. In addition, the company is developing an icp etching machine for the 5-3nm logic chip. (3) mocvd equipment: positive layouts.
The Board’s third generation of semiconductor equipment has now taken the lead in the ggan-based equipment market, such as Led, and has made good progress in the development of mocvd equipment in the field of led. The extension equipment for the sic device has been shipped.
Pilot to lead domestic clients for validation testing. (4) Demersal deposition equipment: the company's initial cvd tungsten equipment is paid for shipment to key storage client validation assessment, verified on-site by the client and obtained the customer's duplicate production order. The company developed ald nitrogenide titanium, titanium and tantalum for high-end storage and logical devices has been completed
Validation of multiple logical/storage customers; the pi device has also completed process certification of multiple advanced logical and mtm device customers and has been highly recognized by the client. (5) Volume detection equipment: the establishment of a subsidiary, Microcorporate, leads in electronic beam detection equipment, and has planned to cover multiple detection devices.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: We basically maintained a return net profit of 2,433,440 million yuan in 2025-2026, pre-empting the three major financial forecasts of SMEC. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.