Electronics group High performance growth and platform-based layouts are continuing to grow at an average annual growth rate of more than 35 per cent over the past 14 years
The larger growth in corporate revenue ends is mainly due to a significant increase in the volume of new payments for high-end products in advanced logic and storage equipment manufacturing, and the achievement of volume production for the cutting process and the ultra-high width of advanced storage equipment in the advanced logical device.
1. "Small and Medium Micro Corporations Review: The cost of R & D has increased significantly, and it looks good to see the corrosion of the company's R & D has continued to increase and the pace of development of new products has accelerated. The company is currently working on projects covering six major categories, exceeding twenty new equipment development.
At this rate, firms can now develop new competitive equipment and have a smooth market access in two years or less, compared to the previous three to five years. 1025 companies continue to maintain high R & D inputs, with R & D costs of $687 million, an increase of 90.53 per cent.
The share of inputs in the company’s operating income is about 31.60%, which is significantly higher than that of its counterparts. 24 years of high income from corrosion equipment and good performance of new products such as film sedimentation equipment/epi/volume testing. 24 years of company annual reports show that the company’s income from corrosion of equipment is 24 years.
7277 million yuan, or +54.73 per cent of the year. Six of the lpcvd membrane devices developed by the company for advanced storage and logical devices have successfully entered the market, receiving about 476 million yuan in bulk orders in 2024, resulting in sales revenue of $156 million. The newly developed pi equipment
The company has successfully entered the customer end-production certification phase to meet the demand for volume production of the silicon growth process in the client’s advanced process.
Profit forecasts, valuations and ratings Semiconductor cycle fluctuations, downstream crystal mill expansion, new products are not moving fast enough to get more services.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market