Quarterly 2025: Rapid growth in performance, platform-based sheeting and non-mortality net profit growth were robust. Companies collected $2.17 billion in the first quarter of 2025, i.e. +35.4 per cent, and significant growth in revenue was mainly due to a significant increase in the delivery of high-end corrosion equipment, ipcvd, ald, etc.
The product forms a duplicate order. The parent net profit of 2025q1 is $310 million, or +25.7% of the year; the net profit after deducting non-recurring gains and gains is $30 million, or +13.4% of the year, mainly as a result of the increase in the Maori brought about by the increase in revenue.
Most of the ccp etching applications and most of the ccm etching applications up to 28 nm form a more comprehensive coverage, and a large number of platforms have entered the international 5nm and below logic; 4,000 stations have been delivered as of 2024q4. In storage areas, ultra-high-wide etching machines have tested 60:1 depth-wide structures on clients.
Capable to successfully enter the 2d&3d storage chip production line. At the same time, the company is actively layoutd into ultra-low temperature etching technology, with a polar reserve of 90:1 deep width compared to etching technology. (2)icp device: the number of cagrs installed on the client side of the company's icp device for nearly four years is over 100%, and as of 2024, cumulatively over 1025 stations have been installed, covering over 50 stations.
Chinese Insignia (688012): 2024 Reported: Clients such as Logic, Dram, 3dnand; company tsv etching devices have also been used for advanced encapsulations.
In addition, the company is developing an icp etching machine for the 5-3nm logic chip. (3) Mocvd equipment: a third-generation semiconductor device for the active layout, has now taken the lead in the ggan-based equipment market, such as led, and has made good progress in the development of mocvd equipment in the micro-led field. The extension equipment for the sic device has been paid for.
China Micro Company (688012): 2024 report advance prototypes to lead domestic clients for validation tests. (4) thin film deposition equipment: payment for company's first cvd tungsten equipment.
Shipped to key storage client validation assessment, verified by the client on site and obtained by customer duplicate volume orders, the company developed ald nitrogenide titanium, titanium aluminium, nitrogen tantalum equipment for high-end storage and logical devices has also completed multiple logical/storage client validation; and the pi device has completed multiple advanced logical and mtm device clients
(v) Volume-testing equipment: a subsidiary, Ultra-Micro Company, has been established to lead the electronic beam detection equipment, and it has been planned to cover a wide range of detection equipment. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.