Increased coverage of the membrane equipment and a significant increase in the volume of high-end corrosion payments by the sub-submersible reported in the first quarter of the year that 2,173 million yuan (oy+35.40%) had been collected and the net profit from the mother was 313 million.
Dollars (yoy+25.67%), deducting the parent net profit of $298 million (yoy+13.44%). Combined Māori rates New delivery of high end products from critical etching processes in advanced logic and storage manufacturing has increased significantly, and production from critical etching processes in advanced logic and advanced storage is realized at the end of the period.
The contract liability amounted to 3,067 million yuan and the inventory amounted to 7,448 million yuan, indicating that the company was fully stocked in the order. The return on investment on the entry and sale of part of the stock of the technology in 2023 was the result of the investment.
At the same time, the company actually developed and delivered six types of membrane deposition equipment, all of which were stored through key clients, and developed six major categories of over twenty new equipment to improve product coverage.
Internationally leading, the company synchronized the development of polymetallic membrane gas phase equipment, a new generation of plasma sources of pecvd equipment, a layout for deep silicone etching equipment for mems, advanced tsv etching equipment for chiplet, pvd equipment, etc. In addition, the company has successfully entered its customers with advanced silipidepi equipment.
In terms of capacity-building, the company Nanchang (140,000 square metres) and Hong Kong (180,000 square metres) production research and development bases are operational, 2024.
The investment proposal is to maintain a “better than the city” rating for semiconductor equipment. As demand for semiconductor equipment continues to flourish in the country, and companies continue to increase their coverage in areas such as etching, membrane, etc.
Shares, and the scale effect of future collections, are expected to be gradually demonstrated. We expect companies to start operating in 2025-2027. Medium and Micro (688012.sh) - Advanced corrosion equipment delivery increases, new stock prices for membrane are 53/37/28 times higher than those for large markets, respectively.
Sino-micro Corporation (688012.sh) - The recovery of corrosion equipment increased by 64 per cent in the same year, Intensive Research, Sino-micro Corporation (688012.sh) - The rise in the market for corrosion equipment, new layers of membrane equipment, fluctuations in international relations and geopolitical risks, etc.
Figure 2: Quarterly operating income of the company and rate of increase (billion yuan, %) Figure 3: Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quantity
Figure 6: Cost over company period (%) Figure 5: Corporate Māori Rate and Net Interest Rate (%) The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author