High and sustained growth in performance, deepening the “one-way” layout
The company ' s market revenue in 2016 was 2,268 million yuan, an increase of 13.07 per cent in the same year, total profits of $1 billion, an increase of 4.459 per cent in the same year, and total profits of $126 million, mainly as a result of the increase in project delivery from 2015 to 2015. We believe that the next two operations will continue.
Keeping up the company's performance. According to the 2017 business plan, the company is expected to achieve business this year.
The company has been active in building large data centres, establishing Hangzhou micro ant technology to enhance the capacity of information technology development, working with three major operators to build a platform for market traffic statistics, and dynamically managing the market through the real-time recording of operator data by the Wisdom Manager app.
In addition, companies are working to create a “one-stop” gold-control service platform, combining resources under the banner, and creating a business capital-control firm that is expected to provide market operators with more extensive and deeper financial services in the future. Explore new retail models, and deepen the layout of the “one-stop shop.”
The company actively promoted the new retailization of the market on the basis of the commercialization of electricity, the rapid development of the U-buying platform under the flag, with an aggregate of $6 billion in online transactions and $40 billion in combined transactions in 2016, which is a significant increase compared to 2015, while yiwubuy cross-border platform transactions are on-line.
In addition, the company's “one-way” layout has continued to deepen, with the establishment of its first overseas branch market in Poland, the signing with Belarus of the Euro-Asian Small Commodity Collection (eaccc) project in the China-White Industrial Park, and the conclusion of an agreement with the China-China Group and the Spanish Winningstar.
The framework for supply chain cooperation of Zhao Ying Yi will, in the future, strengthen cooperation with top foreign resources, seek to establish sub-markets or offshore warehouse projects in countries along the “one-way” route, and create the “World Small Commodity Capital”.
III. Profit forecasting and investment proposals. We believe that the advancement of rent marketization and real estate delivery will continue to boost corporate performance, finance, Ritchie.
Financial operations have not developed as expected, and demand in overseas markets has fallen short of expectations.
2. Small Commodity City (600415): Sustained Performance 3. Small Commodity City (600415): Proposed Financial Holdings, One-Stop Financial Services Platform
A summary of company financial statement data projections is Jo Yingi, head of the retail trade and commerce and textile and clothing team. M.A. in Risk Management and Financial Engineering, Imperial College of Technology, United Kingdom; B.A. in Engineering and Business Management, King's College, London.
Li Qi, Bachelor of Finance, Chinese Agricultural University, and Master of Finance, Clark University, United States of America. Joined in 2016 as a member of civil securities, mainly responsible for retail trade and commerce, textile clothing, and author of a certificate of qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not influenced by any third party.