Revenues are rising and profits are expected to rebound.
The decline in corporate non-net profits was mainly due to a significant increase in investment in R & D costs and a reduction in goodwill due to a reduction in R & D costs and goodwill due to an increase of 13.85 per cent in the same year. Corporate R & D was under greater pressure for consistency evaluation costs due to a higher number of generic drugs, of which 27.77 per cent
Industrial revenues are growing rapidly, and profits are growing robustly. Industry has achieved revenues of $19,462 million, or $1 billion, an increase of 15.59 per cent over the same period.
The high growth in business income and the loss of profits by goodwill are not as high as expected. The current income from pharmaceutical commerce is $139,622 million, an increase of 20.51 per cent over the same period; the contribution profit is $1,756 million, a reduction of the same value, which affects the profits from the distribution portion of the contribution and increases the profits at a lower rate.
Increases in the Maori rate of the pharmaceutical industry and the pharmaceutical distribution plate. Corporate sales costs account for 6.95% of total revenue, an increase of 1.29 pp in the same year; administrative costs account for 3.23% in the same year, an increase of 0.08 pp in the same year; financial costs account for 0.77% in the same year, an increase of 0.25 pp in the same year.
Profitability has been affected, with net interest rates on company sales of 2.80 per cent, a decline of 0.3 pp from the same year, due to progressive release performance such as the “two-vote system” affecting the collapse of Candler, which was acquired by the company.
2. Our analysis and judgment: (i) Income growth continues to improve and profit growth potential continues.
Business growth has improved seasonally, and industry has continued to grow rapidly. The 18-year cumulative growth in corporate income has improved seasonally, largely benefiting from the gradual increase in business sector income. We believe that the gradual improvement in distribution panel income has benefited mainly from the “two-vote” impact and the gradual release of the performance of branches such as Candler, which the company acquired, which has benefited mainly from the gradual increase in retail sales revenue.
In addition, the corporate industrial block has been growing at a rapid rate throughout the year, with a cumulative and equal rate of growth. The profits are held up by R & D costs and goodwill impairments, but the potential for growth remains. The firm’s net profit on non-repatriation is reduced by $632 million, and the net profit on non-recurring gains and losses on reduction of R & D costs and goodwill is reduced by the same margin.
Growth of 13.85%. We believe that the company’s current profits are temporary. In terms of income fundamentals, the growth rate of corporate earnings continues to improve, industry maintains rapid growth, and profits have the potential to grow rapidly. In terms of profitability fundamentals, the current distribution of the company’s largest revenue subsectors benefits from an increased share of net sales and increased concentration in the industry, Māori rates.
In addition, we believe that corporate R & D investment is expected to unleash future performance. We believe that while corporate profits are underperforming, there has been no significant change in corporate fundamentals, and that corporate profits continue to increase (ii) industrial growth and R & D is increasing.
The growth in industrial income has continued at a rapid pace, with priority products growing. Corporate sales in the pharmaceutical industry have increased by RMB 19,462 million, or 29.86 per cent, compared to the same period the previous year, with sales of 60 priority varieties increasing by 28.52 per cent over the same period. Corporate pharmaceutical sales revenue has been growing at a high rate for seven consecutive quarters, with 31 products sold over a billion a year, up from last year.
During the reporting period, the Māori rate for the company ' s pharmaceutical industry was 57.63%, an increase of 3.77 percentage points over the same period, and the profit from the industrial plate was $1.667 billion, an increase of 15.59 per cent over the same period. As a result of higher R&D costs, the profits from the company ' s industrial block contribution have lagged behind the income growth rate.
In terms of consistency evaluation, the four varieties of Katopli film, fluorine capsules, dichotrin hydrazepines and hydrogen chloride tablets have been evaluated for consistency, and 32 regulations, such as the Locitine capsules, the ketamine ketamine tablets and the Bloven capsules, have been tested and reported to the National Drug Control Service.
The phenol sph3127 were officially entered into clinical phase two and an agreement was signed with Mitsubishi Tanya, Japan, to secure the right to develop and sell the drug in the major pharmaceutical market countries, including the United States. (iii) Commercial warming trends were established, with a clear lead advantage.
The negative impact of the policy is gradually fading and the distribution plate is warming. The company is the leader of the first three medical distributions in the country, where distribution accounts for a significant share. The company’s pharmaceutical distribution business achieved sales revenue of 133,445 million yuan, an increase of 20.06 per cent over the same period; the Māori rate of 6.85 per cent, an increase of 0.73 percentage points over the same period. The cumulative increase in the company’s distribution revenue over the four quarters of 18 years has gradually improved.
We believe that the growth in distribution revenues has been steadily improving, partly because of the gradual elimination of the effects of the “two votes” system and partly because of the gradual release of the company's acquired performance, such as Candler, whose net operating profit of $181 million has been achieved throughout the year, an increase of 15 per cent over the same period, with the net interest rate rising from 0.5 per cent to almost 0.9 per cent.
The retailing of medicines achieved sales revenue of $7,202 million, an increase of 27.70 per cent over the same period, and the Māori rate of 14.84 per cent, a decrease of 1.52 percentage points over the same period. The Māori ratio of the retail business of the company was lower, mainly because of the relatively large share of the low Māori prescription business.
Prescription drug flight services, with the Shanghai community extension project doubling its prescription volume, with a market share of nearly 70%, covering 160 of 242 Shanghai community hospitals.
Model advantages and network advantages are evident and have a strong competitive advantage in carrying on business. In centralized procurement, companies are heavily involved in bidding for the winning product, and 63% of the declared selection of successful distributors in Shanghai has been marketed, consolidating the Shanghai region’s leading advantage. Shanghai’s medicine became the largest in China after integrating Kandler.
Of the new medicines approved for listing in 2018 by cde, a total of 20 were imported through the national commercial distribution company, 15 of which were received by Shanghai medicine by the National General Agent for Imported Medicines. (iv) The valuation is reasonable and future profits are expected to return to growth.
As of 9 April, the company’s market rate (ttm) was 15.58, the market rate (ttm) for pharmaceuticals in the third tier of the industry was 23.57 median, and the company’s market rate was lower than the industry’s median. Given that the company currently has some of the more commercial industrial plates, we believe that the company is currently undervalued and has an investment value.
Companies have performed poorly this year, but their revenues have remained growing fast, and we believe that the company’s fundamentals are good, and that profits still have the potential to grow fast. As business plates continue to improve, and the potential performance of R & D inputs is gradually released, we believe that corporate profits have the potential to recover.
We look forward to the prospect of a recovery in corporate income and the potential for a return to growth in profits. First, we look forward to a return to a recovery in corporate income. The company’s pharmaceutical industry continues to grow rapidly, while the business sector benefits from a retreat in negative policy impacts, a return to warming trends, and it is established that the growth rate of corporate income is expected to continue to rise. Second, we look forward to the potential for a return to growth in corporate profits.
The fundamentals are improving, the profitability of the business sector is expected to increase, and the growth of corporate profits is expected to resume. Finally, we look forward to the company’s vanguard advantage. The company, as the country’s top three business leaders, has a network advantage and size advantage, and has a stronger competitive advantage in tendering, such as centralized shopping.
Risk of failure in R & D, risk of price reduction in drug bidding, risk of goodwill impairment.