Shanghai Medicines (601607) Quarterly, 2019.
Lulitien grew by 26.44 per cent; the net profit from the return to the mother was 1,126 million yuan, a 10.42 per cent increase from the same year; the rate of gross domestic product fell in favour of the industry, business and rapid growth. 2019q1, the company ' s operating income increased equally.
26.44 per cent, of which 6,196 million yuan, or 24.85 per cent, was earned by the pharmaceutical industry; 513 million yuan, or 21.39 per cent, in profit from the pharmaceutical business; and roe (ttm) in the pharmaceutical business.
The increase in the net return to the mother is mainly due to the fact that the company received a government subsidy of $129 million during the first quarter, which led to a non-recurrent gain or loss (after-tax return) in December, which increased by 2.57 times to $86.658 million over the same period.
q1 R & D costs are growing rapidly and consistency evaluation and innovation is advancing steadily. 201q1, the R & D costs of the Department are 271 million yuan, an increase of 26.65 per cent over the same period, with the addition of two new varieties of sorghum capsules and Camasi tablets completed be and declared to the National Drug Control Service, compared to the company in 2018.
At the end of 2018, the company had 2 new drugs in the clinical trial phase, 7 new drugs in the clinical trial phase of i and 1 new drug in clinical treatment.
In the country's "4+7" city-level procurement pilot, the price of the winning price for the drug fell far faster than expected. In our view, in the context of health insurance costs, the decline in the prices of generic and patent-expired drugs would be a major trend, which would result in medicine.
In the long run, the company’s pharmaceutical distribution operations will also be negatively affected by the fall in prices of imported purchases, generics, and patented drugs; but the company acquired Kandler China and became the country’s largest importer of imported medicines.
The company’s performance has increased relatively securely since the current price reduction for the import of new medicines by distributors (the company’s imports of medicines accounted for 55.04% of the company’s revenues from the distribution of medicines in 2018 and have become an important component of the Division’s distribution business).
Reciprocal outflows will continue to be obtained and managed from prescriptions, payment and rational control of prescriptions, implementation of prescriptions and distribution of medicines, and promotion of the rapid growth of pharmaceutical retailing in various aspects of the flow chain, such as patient value-added services.
Keeps a prudential recommended rating. As a result of the decline in drug prices caused by the procurement of collateral, the company distribution and industry rating system's “market index” reference point is 300 indexes.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.