The company achieved business income of $159.08 billion in 2018, an increase of 21.58 per cent;
The company lost $632 million in goodwill impairment losses in 2018, mainly from subsidiaries such as Vitacco, the Star Spring Sphere, and the Shanghai Upper Medicine.
The Division has set up research and development centres in the Upper Pharmacy Laboratory, the Centre for Research and Development in Santiago, United States of America, for external cooperation and equity investment in high-end agents, biopharmaceuticals, cell therapy, etc.
Retense, sph3127, is in clinical stage II. In generics, companies continue to promote the evaluation of generic pharmaceutical consistency. Four varieties, such as cartopolises, fluorine capsules, dichlorates and hydrochloride, have been evaluated for consistency.
After 32 species have been tested and declared to the National Drug Control Service, stocks have been shown to be excellent compared to 300 depths in the last six months, and priority products have been growing at a faster rate of income.
In 2018, the company achieved 19.462 billion yuan in revenues from the pharmaceutical industry, an increase of 28.52 per cent in the same year for 60 priority varieties, 31 over 100 million species in the year, compared with the acquisition of 26.34 per cent of Guangdong Tsienpo shares and an increase in the shareholding to approximately 67.14 per cent to become Guangdong Tsien Phu.
Holding shareholders, pushing for a strategic shift to biopharmaceutical innovation. The two core products of Guangdong Tianppu were injected to fill the gap in urine protein in the company's product line with Ustutin and with Ulrichlin.
The company’s industrial section, through its focused product strategy, enhanced marketing strategies, continued to grow at a rapid rate, adding extra-extension mergers and acquisitions, and promoted the industrial sector as a whole.
Distribution plates continue to tighten the country’s commercial network layout. There has been an improvement in the profitability of the pharmaceutical Condolence, and companies achieved $139,445 million in sales revenue in 2018.
On the one hand, it opened up the situation in Liaoning, Guizhou, Hainan, etc., and on the other hand, it improved the layout of the network in priority provinces, including through the acquisition of mass logistics.
A 63% market share reinforced the Shanghai region’s leading position. The company’s fully-owned subsidiary, Pharmacy Canterland, achieved a net operating profit of $181 million in 2018, an increase of 15% compared to the previous year, with a net interest rate of nearly 0.9%, and a significant improvement in business performance compared to the first half of the year.
In 2018, the Public Administration imported 55.04 per cent of the company ' s revenues from the distribution of medicines, which formed part of the company ' s distribution business. Of the 20 new imported medicines approved for listing by cde in 2018, the company received 15.
On the one hand, the company has further consolidated the company's import of pharmaceutical substitutes through the acquisition of pharmaceutical products, including pd-1 new drugs, Odivo (opdivo) and Krytruda (Keytuda), and the new pharmaceutical ecstasy for liver cancer first-line treatment.
On the other hand, companies continue to sharpen the layout of national business networks, adding factors of high end-covering capacity and high net sales, and business plates are expected to maintain the expected risks of industrial policies such as two-counting; M&As are not as fast as expected; and generic pharmaceuticals I are expected to maintain robust growth.
Risks of less progress than expected in sexual evaluation; risk of failure in research and development of new medicines; risk of impairment of goodwill
In addition, the synergies between companies and businesses are evident, with the industrial sector maintaining a focus strategy on treatment and priority products, maintaining a faster growth trend, and, in the long run, a rich stock of research varieties is expected to drive the continued growth of the industrial sector.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.