The company released its first quarter report in 2019, when it achieved operating income of $4,607,700 million, an increase of 26.44 per cent over the previous year, and increased income at a significant rate, mainly due to the rapid growth of business sector revenues, among other factors.
Because of this, the net return to the mother is 1,126 million yuan, a 10.42 per cent increase in the same year, which is lower than the increase in income, mainly due to factors such as a decline in the level of the grosser rate: the net profit to the non-mortality to the mother is 10.4 billion yuan, an increase of 4.42 per cent in the same year.
14.05 per cent, down 0.64 percentage points from the same year, is expected to be largely dependent on low-māori business block revenues Industrial plate to maintain a rapid growth trend Corporate to maintain a rapid growth trend in the pharmaceutical industry in the first quarter of 2019
Income structure (2018y) 21.39%. Companies have continued to increase their R & D investment, with a total R & D cost of $271 million in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of 26.65% in the same year.
(Commodity name: Ancory) Received the Medicines Gmp Certificate, which is planned to expand the market size to meet market demand and clinical research product demand.
In recent years, the company has continuously added codes to Encore's research and development, and has been working with eight Sankara hospitals in Shanghai to conduct post-market clinical re-evaluation studies.
At the same time, the company sent Ankoré to Guangdong Tianpu to launch the currency program and expand the tumor-separated currency field. Business has performed well, with a clear competitive advantage in importing pharmaceutical agents, etc.
The company achieved sales revenue of 39.810 billion yuan in pharmaceutical commerce in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of 26.69 per cent over the same period, and the expected rapid growth in the earnings end was due to factors such as the negative impact of February 2018 on the introduction of the medication Condom, the gradual digestion of the two-vote system; and the contribution of profits.
The integration of Candler into the country's largest major import agent and distributors in the year further consolidated the competitive advantage of companies in importing pharmaceutical agents, adding a high level of end-covering and pure sales, and a high level of growth in the business sector.
Anticipated risks to industrial policies, such as double-ticketing: risk that the evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency is not as fast as expected; risk of failure in research and development of new medicines; risk of loss of goodwill.
The competitive advantage is expected to increase the share of pure sales in the current round of industry shuffling and to take up a larger share of the market. Moreover, the synergies between firms and businesses are evident, the industrial sector adheres to a focus strategy in the field of treatment and focused products, maintaining a faster growth and a long-term abundance of research varieties.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.