Industry continues to grow rapidly and commercial profits are expected to improve.
The company published a quarterly report in 2019, which generated revenues of 460.07 billion yuan, an increase of 26.44 per cent over the previous year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 1,126 million yuan, an increase of 10.42 per cent over the previous year; and net cash flows generated by the company's operations during the first quarter of the year, a decrease of 154 million yuan over the previous year.
The period increased by 60.59 per cent and the cash flow situation improved markedly; information was provided on the preparation of the present report.
(i) Industry continues to grow faster, and research and development inputs continue to grow faster, and corporate industrial revenues and profits have remained faster. The company’s pharmaceutical industry has achieved revenues of $6,196 million, or 24.85 per cent, over the same period; and contribution profits of $513 million, or more, over the same period.
21.39%. The company ' s industrial products are numerous and well organized, subject to policy pressures such as health insurance fees, and is expected to continue to grow faster in the future. Corporate R & D investment continues to grow and projects are progressing steadily. Corporation ' s R & D fees continue to grow in the first quarter of the year.
With a total of 271 million yuan, an increase of 26.65% over the same period. The company continues to push for a consistent assessment, and the head platinum capsule and the Camasi tablets have been completed and reported to the National Pharmacy.
The start of the study on the relative depth of 300 is going to be successful in Shenyang, the country's first multi-centre, forward-looking experiment on the effects of drugs and chemicals on the post-pci patient's recovery, which will be followed by the growth of the heart.
The company’s first, and only, marketed in China, has received the drug gmp certificate from the Shanghai City Drug Control Authority.
In addition, the Ankoré re-marketing scheme has been reactivated by the company Easttrophy Chemical and Chemical Medicines Ltd. (ii) Commercial M & As performance is yet to be released, and profits are expected to improve, with the Shanghai Annual Medical Report tracking: income growth is warming.
Billion dollars, an increase of 13.92% over the same period. The company’s business plates have been growing at a higher rate, and we believe that the three-quarterly Shanghai Journal of Medicine, mainly 2.218-10-29, is tracking: industry remains fast as a side factor in the acquisition of Candler.
Growth, the business plate has yet to be released, causing the company’s business plate to grow less profit than revenue. With the “two votes” impact and the release of Candler’s profits, the company’s business plate is expected to improve profitability.
Figure 2: Māori rates, net interest rates and sales cost rates of the company in recent years (iii) The company ' s valuation is reasonable and future profits are expected to improve. As of 30 April, the company ' s market rate (ttm) was 14.03, and the market rate (ttm) for pharmaceutical products in the tertiary sector was tttm)
The median is 20.38, and the company’s market gain is lower than the industry’s median. Given that the company currently has some of the industrial plates that value more than business, we believe that the company is currently undervalued and has an investment value.
First, we look at the trend toward a return in corporate income. The company’s pharmaceutical industry continues to grow rapidly, while the business sector benefits from a retreat in policy negatives and a return to the trend of warming.
And finally, we look forward to the company's vanguard advantage. As the top three business leaders in the country, the company has a network and a size advantage, and it's concentrated.
There is also a stronger competitive advantage in bidding, such as purchasing. We look at the growth prospects of companies, predicting the risk of failure in research and development in 2019-2021, the risk of price reduction in drug bidding, and the risk of goodwill impairment.