High rate of growth in public loans — performance review of the Beijing Bank's three-quarters report, 2025, November 03, 2025
Bank of Beijing (stock code: 601169) Short-term marginal pressure on the company ' s performance, largely driven by other non-interestable income; growth in size is still a positive increase in the ratio of credit costs to 15bp to 0.71 per cent.
The growth rate of core income has increased at one latitude, and credit growth in priority areas has been better: 2025q1-q3, net corporate interest income The annual net interest differential of companies has decreased by 2 bp to 1.26 per cent compared to the first half of the year, and is expected to be due mainly to the continued asset end-of-end rate of return
Under pressure, end-of-debt cost optimization has yet to be further released, with interest-bearing asset yields, interest-paying liabilities measured, cost ratios of 5-bp, and 3-bp, respectively. Corporate credit has grown steadily. As of the end of September, total loans were available to residents of high-quality projects in core regions, such as the Cape, while consumer loans focused on green, old and green finance.
At the end of the debt, deposits were higher than at the beginning of the year + 7.60%, with personal deposits growing at a higher rate, fair value losses delaying interest: 2025q1-q3 and company non-interest income exceeding 10%. The company’s wealth management business grew steadily and retail aum was larger than at the beginning of the year + 9.44%.
The value contribution of the upper-middle-to-high-end group has been continuously increasing, with the number of private clients and the size of the aum, respectively, increasing from +17.9 per cent at the beginning of the year, and the investment proposal: the company is deep-ploughing the Beijing area, insisting on a digital transition leading to five major transformations. The public business base is robust, the retail transition is deepening, and the system of retail financial services is built throughout its life cycle; and the debt-end core exists.
Biannual review of the 2025 Galaxy Bank -- Bank of Beijing 2. -- Bank of the 2024 Report -- Bank of Beijing (601169): Growth and marginal improvement in the rate of growth, technology, retail characteristics
Tariff shocks, weak demand risk. 3. Biannual review of 2024 - Beijing Bank (601169): good performance and effective cost management of liabilities
Figure 1: Bank revenues, net gains and acceleration in Beijing Figure 2: Bank of Beijing Roe Figure 3: Bank of Beijing net interest income and rate of increase
Figure 4: Net bank interest differential and interest-bearing asset rate of return and cost of interest-bearing liabilities in Beijing, Figure 5: Size and acceleration of bank lending in Beijing, Figure 6: Size and rate of increase of bank loans in Beijing to public and retail
Figure 7: Bank lending structure in Beijing Figure 8: Size and acceleration of bank deposits in Beijing Figure 9: Bank deposit structure in Beijing
Figure 10: Non-interest, intermediate and growth rates of banks in Beijing Figure 11: Other non-interest income, investment returns and growth rates of banks in Beijing Figure 12: Poor bank rates in Beijing, ratio of loans of concern, overdue rates
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.