The performance of the Top Group (601689.sh) continues to grow, plus capacity goes hand in hand with the promotion of the Tier 0.5 strategy. The performance of the epidemic continues to grow.
The revenue was 65.4-690 million yuan, a 33-40 per cent increase in the same year, a net profit of 667,737 million yuan from the mother, and a continuous increase in performance, in line with the power of control and the power of the platform.
(a) a steady increase of 28 per cent in the operation of shock absorbers/ interior features, and a smooth opening of orders (aluminium co-arcophagus with a new ideal car order), with a continuous build-up of capacity: 10,000 light-quantified sub-robes + 1.6 million light-quantified hang-off systems + 1.6 million light alloys turn-over sections);
The thermal management system, which is a horizontally developed new class of products based on ibs technology (11 per cent for 2201 battalion), has now developed a second generation of products and is in contact with multiple clients; 4) auto electronics business (2201 battalion, 1.5 per cent); the transmission poles and ibs projects are well advanced; and 5) air overhangs and corporate air overflows
The rack system has the capability to develop the whole system, spare parts, and total manufacturing, which can provide multiple suspensions, which will further enrich the company’s product lines after delivery. Sustained client outreach will accelerate the production and distribution of capacity.
Two hundred and fifty thousand) supply systems (light and quantitative structures, interior and interior accessories, and heat management); (ii) accelerated production-capability layout, completed construction of approximately 1,500 acres of land at the base of the Quantium Base, the new area of Ningpohang Bay, and the production base of the Ningpoho region; and (iii) the adoption of the Tier 0.5 level cooperation model, leading to new changes in the division of labour in the industry.
The promotion of cooperation with enterprises such as rivian, lucid, Ford, gm, fca, Huaisu, Gao, Mi, Idea, etc., The Top Group (601689.sh) - positioning multiple product lines, with sustained performance, is expected to benefit fully from client lending.
Investment proposal: “End-up” rating maintained for Tesla’s national core target. The company’s sustained performance benefited from the decline in marginal costs associated with the release of productive capacity and core car operators.
Topper Group - 601689-2021: Clients continue to grow, performance continues, household stock runs. Taking into account the easing of the epidemic and the progress of corporate platforming and modularization, the forecast for higher profits is set up: pre-positions eight major systems around the chassis system, and continues to advance the platform strategy.
Internal and external adornment systems, light-quantified body bodies, smart cabin parts, heat management systems, chassis systems, air suspension systems, smart driving systems, with eight major business plates, product structures gradually achieving a sustained growth in performance against the impact of the disease on the chassis and associated systems. The company discloses an advance announcement for 22 years of h1 performance and a harvest for 22 years of h1
65.4-690.0 billion yuan, an increase of 33-40 per cent in the same year, a net profit of 667-737 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 45-60 per cent in the same year, and a continuation of growth in the company ' s performance as a result of firm capacity to control and platform.
Figure 4: Net corporate profits and growth rates, Figure 9: Changes in three cost ratios
The issue date is six years from the date of the issuance of the fungible debt, which will be sold to the former shareholders on a priority basis after the closing date of 13 July (US$00,2268 per share). After deducting the issue fee, the net release of the fungible funds is fully invested in the annual production of 4.8 million units.
Quantified chassis system project (1.6 million light-quantified sub-robes + 1.6 million light-quantified hang-off systems + 1.6 million light alloys turn-over sections). This launch is expected to enhance the firm’s internal competitiveness and meet market expansion needs.
It is expected that 1) the financial strength of the company will be supplemented to optimize the capital structure; 2) the location of the project will be expected to reduce capacity constraints to a certain extent (102.2 per cent of the production capacity of the chassis system q1) in favour of market opening, performance enhancement, and firm guarantees for the company to open up the market to meet the growing demand of its customers.
The company is guided by a platform company, which currently has a fleet of eight product packages of about $30,000. Among these are: (1) a steady increase in seismic/brimming functionality operations (28/32 per cent per cent for 2201 battalion), (2) a fast-discharged system operations (28 per cent for 2201 battalion), and a smooth start on orders (aluminium co-eds have a new ideal car order).
Sustainable additions: at the beginning of July, the company proposed to release $2.5 billion in remoldable funds for the expansion of the light-quantifiable chassis system by 4.8 million sets/year (1.6 million light-quantified sub-scenes + 1.6 million light-quantified hang-off systems + 1.6 million light alloy transfer festivals); (3) the heat management system was designed for the horizontal development of new product classes based on ibs technology (11 per cent for 2201 battalion), to be completed
Two-generation products have been developed and multiple clients are being approached; (4) auto electronics business (2201 battalion, 1.5 per cent) is currently well under way in the wire poles and ibs project; (5) air hangers are laid, and the company air hangers system is equipped with complete system development, spare parts and total manufacturing capabilities that can provide multiple suspensions, which will further enrich the public after delivery.
On the basis of Gilly, common and other mature clients, deep binding of new forces like Tesla, and benefiting from the “Tsla industry’s significant release + the continuous upturn in downstream demand” is a long-term period of growth. The selection of Tsla’s core suppliers, Xujin shares, Sanhua intellectuals, Burtley, Dessavit, as a comparable company, allows companies to operate a little more often.
The company’s sustained performance has benefited from reduced marginal costs associated with the release of capacity, as well as from the exposure of core car customers. Considering that the epidemic has eased, raw material cost pressures are expected to be released; and 2) the company’s new product has expanded well, and has become platformed.
Modularization continues to increase profitability: 3) End client Tesla, Gilly, General Schedules: Financial Forecasts and Valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author