Tupou Group (601689.sh): The growth in the H1 battalion is in line with the expected growth and the continuous expansion of the tier 0.5 strategic coverage radius: on 13 July, the company issued a performance forecast of 2022h1 which is expected to be achieved in the first half of 2022
Out of the company's main downstream clients, Gillig2 sold 288,000, i.e. 3 per cent, ring 12 per cent; General Chinese q2 sold 484,000, i.e. 36 per cent, ring 21 per cent; New energy client Teslaq sold 255,000, i.e. 26.5 per cent, ring 18 per cent.
The fall in the price of the raw materials and the lax exchange rate of the renminbi, with a net profit of 22q2 equal to +48%. Second, the price of raw materials, especially aluminium, has fallen since the quarter, and the business costs of profit companies have been lightly quantified;
This rise is 0.3 percentage points, or 3 percentage points higher than 21q4. The net return to the mother is $316 million, and, since July, the price of raw materials has fallen sharply, the company’s profit level is expected to expand steadily in the second half of the year, with a continuous increase in the tier0.5 strategy’s coverage radius and a sustained expansion of new domestic and foreign clients.
Modular, platform-based aggregate supply capacity is prominent in the selection of new-power client suppliers, which has now expanded from Alpha-based client Tesla to Rivian, lucid, Urn, Pelican, Ideas, High-Couple, and so on. The Tesla pole effect drives new customers.
Sticky, with the value of the bicycle package rising year by year, the tier 0.5 strategic advantage opens up the space for medium- and long-term smart electric growth with eight product lines of new power. While keeping the car nvh shock system and the whole car sound suite in the lead in the country, the company has a new energy collar.
The field forward layout, which now has eight product lines with a single-car package value of $30,000. 22h1 gained a gas, guilding point in ibs in the field of smart electric power; total suspended output of car orders such as Gilly, Mi and Hua: integrated casting of aluminium alloy product production down line: total heat management started matching
New energy core clients: The pre-sequencing project is starting the harvest period. As new orders are placed, the medium- and long-term growth space of the company is expected to open.
Sinda Securities Inc. for construction of light-quantified chassis system project with a total investment of $2.67 billion and the addition of cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Light Quantified sub-scooters, light Quantified hangers and light alloys were transferred to energy-saving units of 1.6 million each.
Neck, following the rapid growth of new energy markets and the rapid release of demand for light-quantified products, has led to light quantitative business becoming an engine of corporate revenue generation, leading to higher corporate income. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: end demand recovery in the second half of the year, policy catalytic, peaks in the purchase of cars sequentially
\triangleright, client release time, accelerated growth of corporate revenue is clear; cost-side raw material prices are $1.6 billion, $2.4 billion and $3 billion, respectively, for annual net profits.
Risk factors: new orders are growing less than expected, raw material prices are volatile, outbreaks are recurring, etc. \triangleright Figure 2: Company ' s annual net profits / year-on-year increases
• Business income (millions of yuan) Figure 4: Quarterly net profit/ring ratio increase for companies & Figure 5: Quarterly Māori Rate & Net Interest Rate
Figure 6: Quarterly cost of the company 4 core team members. Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. Full coverage of the car industry, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, autonomous brands, etc.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.