Tupou Group (601689): Eight major business growth, R & D, and creation of barriers to competition with productive advantage
The profits of the company in the new energy automobile industry have increased.
Reverse growth. Of this amount, 22q2 achieved revenues of $3.049 billion, or +22.4 per cent; net repatriation is currently in the process of expansion, and there is scope for a follow-up increase in the Māori rate.
(a) Polish factories have been put into operation: (b) Hangzhou Bay, about 1400 acres of plants have been built up; (c) Mexico ' s first phase of 220 acres of plants and the county base of Anisu has accelerated planning; in general, the company is currently in a period of expansion of capacity and has been climbing and testing production.
There is scope for raising the company ' s Māori ratio as production volumes and sales increase, and research and development capacity continues to improve to achieve total air springs for the core components of the electro-controlled air overhang and air supply.
\triangleright self-researching. The electro-controlled air hangar system significantly improves the control of vehicles by adjusting the agility of air springs and the resistance of shock absorbers to vehicle signals such as height, speed, corner, etc.
And comfort. The company’s breakthrough in the field of open space validated the company’s path: from “provides the system aggregate” to “research the core components individually” realization, we believe that the company’s R & D capabilities are expected to further increase and become the firm’s core competitiveness, accelerating the realization in the wave of smart electricization.
22H1 Smart Electric Project fixed-point breakthroughs, opening medium- and long-term growth space. In the new energy sector, the company ' s ibs project, the ps project, the air hangar project, the thermal management project, each with a single gas, Gilly, Cyrus, co-founder, and high-end customers, the company ' s medium- and long-term, as new orders come in.
Risk factors: recurrent outbreaks, fluctuations in raw material prices, exchange rate fluctuations, less than expected expansion of new operations
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City.
Figure 1: Corporate & Year-on-Year Income & Year-on-Year Growth Figure 2: Company & Year-on-Year Net Earnings & Year-on-Year Growth Figure 4: Company Quarterly & Year-on-Year Quarterly & Year-on Increases
Figure 5: Quarterly Mäori Rates for Companies / Net Interest Rates, Figure 6: Quarterly Cost Rates for Companies, 4 core team members. 4 years of research experience in the automobile industry, specializing in top-down investment opportunities.
Full coverage, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industrial chain, smart cars, autonomous brands, and so on. Cao Zingjie, Assistant Researcher in the Sinda Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, covering, inter alia, smart cars, car connections, new driving forces, etc.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.