Tupou Group (601689.sh) Multi-goods-driven performance growth with two-quarter net profits rising at a steady rate of +51 per cent and q2 net profits at +51 per cent. Camp 6794 million in 22 years.
+38.18 +38.18 +38.18 +78 million net profit from the mother, +53.79 per cent, minus 685 million yuan, +54.01 per cent;
Another financial cost ratio is the increase in the ring ratio - 0.55 pct due to exchange rate gains; the company ' s capital expenditure continues to rise (h1 cash on long-term assets such as the purchase and sale of fixed assets is $1.992 billion) and will be spread over costs such as low R & D costs and capital expenditures, increasing capacity utilization and increasing profitability.
Precise positioning of modular suppliers for multi-producer races. Tupou is guided by platform-type companies and modularized suppliers, 1. The product system is expanded: currently eight series of products (one-car package of approximately $30,000) + human-shaped machines, human-movement implementers (including components such as electric machines, electrical control and speed-reducing institutions), and samples have been identified by clients.
2) Product fixation: company ibs project, ps project, air hangar project, heat management project, not to be targeted by customers such as gas, Gilly, Cyrus, co-founder, high-composure, etc. 3) production capacity plus code: Polish factory has been put into operation, construction of approximately 1,400 acres of plants in Hangzhou Bay IV, V, VI, VII and Chongqing has accelerated, ink has been built
Tupou Group (601689.sh) - Continuing growth in performance, plus capacity and advancement of 220 acres of plant and county base in Anisu, Western Co, are accelerating planning; 22h1 debt-transferable (financing) Tupou Group (601689.sh) - location of multi-product lines, continuing performance
2.5 billion yuan) has been issued for the expansion of the light-quantified chassis system by 4.8 million units/year; 4) client development: introduction of Tupou Group (601689.sh) - first quarter of 2022, net return profit advance, taking the Tier 0.5 model of cooperation, leading to new changes in the division of labour between the country and Biadi, Gilly, and Cele.
(b) Top Group - 601689-2021q3 Quarterly Review: Māori Ring Improvement, Performance Table
Investment proposals: For Tesla’s national production core target, maintain an “upgrading” rating. The company’s sustained performance benefits from the decline in marginal costs associated with the release of productive capacity and the spread of core vehicle customers.
+15.39 per cent; benefiting from the positive impact of a wide range of product lines, system R & D capabilities and innovative business models, the Department has achieved negative income and profit reverse growth.
A sustained focus on R & D and earning capacity is expected to continue to rise. q2 M & D rate, 22.09%, same ratio +2.26pt, ring ratio + 1.32pt, is mainly related to interior interiors (h1 M & 1 ratio + 1.35 pt) and bottom system operations (h1 M & 1 ratio +2.08 pct) with a better margin; q2 net interest rate of 10.56%, same rate +1.98pt, ring ratio +0.25 pt; companies continue to weigh.
Depending on R & D, the q2 R & D rate is equal to +0.69 pct, the ring ratio + 1.57 pct, and the financial cost rate is an increase in exchange rate earnings by billions of yuan), the cost of amortizing R & D costs with capital expenditure, etc., is raised in output utilization, with figure 5: corporate M & A rates and net interest rates
Figure 6: Māori and net interest rates for a single quarter of a company
Internal and external adornment systems, light-quantified body bodies, smart seating components, heat management systems, chassis systems, air suspension systems, smart driving systems with eight major business plates, can provide customers with one-stop, system-level, modular products and services, with a single-car complement of about $30,000, and the product structure gradually achieves the closure of the chassis and associated systems.
The company has a rich product line and chassis calibration capability, such as hangar systems, wire brakes, wire transfer, etc., with all the necessary elements for a synthesizing line control chassis and a skateboard chassis. The line control chassis is essential for achieving a high-level autopilot.
And the skateboard chassis can be innovative, faster and less costly. Companies have the capacity to provide a deeper service to their clients in response to technological developments in the whole e/e control structure and divisional control, as well as possible innovative models of vehicle construction.
The company's active deployment of the robotic industry. Tupou calculates that the global workforce is about 3.45 billion people, assuming that the human machine is worth 250,000 dollars a unit, and if 11.6% of the workers are replaced by robots, the global market for human robots can reach 100 trillion degrees. The motion executor is one of the core components of the robot, because human robots need it.
To simulate human actions, more motor executives are needed to achieve this requirement. The company transports components, such as electric machines, electrical control and deceleration agencies, and the sample is approved by the client. The product is continuously targeted by the client. The company ibs project, the ps project, the air overhang project, the thermal management project.
The company has built manufacturing bases in Ningbo, Chongqing, Wuhan, etc. To better serve international customers, the company is in the United States, Canada, Brazil, Malaysia.
After the establishment of manufacturing plants or storage centres in each country, the Polish plant has begun bulk production, the construction of about 1400 acres of plants in Hangzhou Bay IV, V, VI, VII and Chongqing has accelerated, as have the first 220 acres of factories in Mexico and the United States of America, and planning for the installation of the county base is accelerated; through the above-mentioned plant layout, customers can be provided with more information.
On July 11, the Topper Group issued an announcement to release $2.5 billion in debt-transferable funds to produce 4.8 million light-quantified chassis systems per year (1.6 million light-quantified sub-robes + 1.6 million light-quantified hangers).
This release is expected to enhance the company’s in-house competitiveness and meet the demand for market expansion. We believe that this roll-over could complement the capital strength of the company and optimize the capital structure; and 2) the project’s location is expected to reduce capacity constraints to a certain extent.
Field-breaking, improved performance provides firm guarantees for companies to open up markets to meet the growing demand of their customers. (1) The company has fast-tracked its bottom-plate system and successfully opened orders (aluminium co-arcophagus has won an ideal car order); (2) Thermal Management System, a new product class that has been developed horizontally on the basis of ibs technology, has now developed two-generation products, and is now in the process of becoming more numerous.
(iii) Automobile electronics, which is now well advanced in the transmission poles and ibs projects; (4) air hangars, where the company's air hangar system has the capability to develop the whole system, spare parts and total manufacturing, and can provide multiple clients with access to: a Tier 0.5 level cooperation model that leads to new changes in the division of labour in the industry, and domestic and Biadi, Jili, Gilli, Gill.
(b) New forces, such as Tesla, benefit from deep binding on mature customers such as Gilly, General, and others, and benefit from the Tesla industry.
It is important to make a significant increase + downstream demand that continues to pick up and grow in the long term. The selection of the Tesla chain core supplier, Xu-Su-Su-Shu, Burtley, Desai-Swie as a comparable company, with more company operations and performance release periods with the volume of product, is one of the top performance elasticities of the Tesla chain.
Sustained growth in performance has benefited from reduced marginal costs associated with the release of productive capacity and from the weighting of core vehicle customers. (Consideration 1) Epidemic mitigation, raw material cost pressures are expected to release; (ii) successful expansion of new company products, and increased profitability as a result of platforming, modularization and sustained advancement; and (iii) ongoing end-user Tesla, Gilly, common-purpose, etc.
In keeping with previous profit projections, the net return profit for 22/23/24 is projected in the schedules: financial projections and valuations. Authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author