q2 performance meets expectations and continues to advance the Tier 0.5 strategy.
• Highlights of the bulletin: the company issued a semi-annual performance forecast for 2022, expected to achieve a consistent growth in core clients, with exchange gains driving up the return margin. Corporate tclients achieved global delivery of 255,000 q2 in 2022, compared to +26.6 per cent, ring ratio-
17.9%. Of these, the Shanghai plant achieved 115,000 production, i.e. 17.3% of the same year and 35.6% of the ring, while the company ' s core clients, Jili q2, achieved 291,000 production, i.e. 2.1% of the same year, and the ring q2, i.e. 232,000 production, i.e. 6.2% of the same year, the ring 15.3% of the same year, promoted the commons.
The performance of the division has increased the same way. 2022q2 RMB has depreciated by 5.7 pct, benefiting from exchange rate fluctuations, and public authorities have continued to push the Tier 0.5 strategy, product-type expansion, and production capacity expansion. Companies have continued to explore the Tiero-5 model of cooperation, and nvh products, such as shock absorbers, interior features, etc., are in the forefront of the industry.
Status, the chassis system, with many new medium- and high-end energy models and fuel models, the thermal management system, which is being supplied in bulk to its customers in Shanghai, and the electronic vacuum pump business, which is already on the ground. The company owns eight large product lines with a single vehicle of up to $30,000, and the company will continue to consolidate itself in the future.
In addition, the company's air hangout system already has a full range of systems that can be developed, parts and aggregate manufacturing capabilities that can provide multiple suspensions, which will be further advanced after delivery.
Performance rating: The performance continues to be excellent, the cars enrich the company's product lines. In 2022, the company plans to focus on the electronics of automobiles, to achieve a significant increase in business and to complete the four, five, six, seven, and Chongqing workshops in the former Bay New Zone.
Construction of 1,500 acres of land. Tupou Group (601689): o4 meets the pre-bidding forecast and investment rating: company forward-looking new energy track, actively building platform-type, science-based
Technology-based enterprises, with rapid market expansion and rapid growth in orders, will continue to grow at a relatively high rate. The year 2022 focused on the promotion of automobiles and electronics has seen less than expected growth in vehicle penetration.
Topper Group three financial forecasts. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has an investment advisory committee on securities.