22q2 Reverse growth in performance and steady progress in the tier 0.5 platform strategy 14 > 8 module strategy impact of 2022, with negative growth in q2 performance in 22 years
The company’s 22q2 battalion collected 27.95–3155 billion yuan, an increase of 12.24 per cent–26.69 per cent over the same year; national logistics and production were severely affected by the impact of the mother-to-child marine epidemic. Although the epidemic had a definite negative impact on the company’s operations, the company’s forward-looking new energy car track was actively building platform and technology-types.
Businesses, active during the epidemic to meet challenges and achieve regressive growth in performance, with 2.5 billion debt-transferable finance companies building platforms and continuously upgrading the core competitiveness of companies \triangleright
On 11 July, the company announced plans to release 2.5 billion yuan in debt transfer, which, after deducting the cost of distribution, will be used entirely for 1.5 million light-quantifiable chassis systems and 3.3 million light-quantified chassis systems per year. The combined investment in both projects is $2.66 billion, which is expected to be completed by the end of October 2023.
At that time, the company will produce an additional 1.6 million light-quantized sub-robes, 1.6 million light-quantified flying systems and 1.Top Group (601689.sh) in the first quarter of 2022.
1.6 million light alloys, a total of 4.8 million lightly quantified chassis system module products, effective guarantee orders for continuous push, carrying capacity, capacity expansion + high self-research, and continuing to deepen the competitiveness of companies.
The company is expected to benefit fully from the growth in sales by major clients, such as Tesla, with the additional capacity available. Increment: performance is welcome, and the platformed strategy continues to move forward in an orderly manner with the Tier0.5 cooperation model, providing an incentive for companies to sustain high growth.
Clients, the company's active engagement with Tesla, Rivian, Ultron and other leading forces, as well as with Hua Yu and Mi, with high performance rates and expectations for 22 years, are working with technology companies to explore a mode of cooperation of the Tier 0.5 class, which will provide the company with a set of millions of vehicles.
At the end of the product, the company continues to push the platform strategy to form a boxing product called "Small + Heat Management + Underboard + Air + Smart Driving + Smart Hostels" as the eight major modules of the new growth point, intelligent products are imported, and product structures are continuously optimized.
The bottom-plate system received 2,624 million yuan, or 23.82 per cent, and the unit price was $935 per unit, or 17.68 per cent; the gas revenue was $1,285 million, or 11.66 per cent, and the unit price was $2,500 per set, or 17.83 per cent, while the new product list was higher, the eight product lines were raised to 30,000 dollars, and the business model of Tier 0.5 was a guest.
By creating greater value, households are expected to contribute to a high rate of growth in corporate business earnings and net profits. The company’s active placement of automobile electronics is now entering the harvest period, and China’s rare vehicle zero platform, the taps, is expected to enjoy a valuation premium and maintain a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright failed to deliver expectations, priority client orders fell short of expectations, exchange rate risks, etc. Methodology and analytical logic lead to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.