New energy additions, accelerated strategic transformation of the platform 2022 Event summary: August 18, 2022, company announcement with the international industrial park manager of New Bridge, Jiu County, Anhui Province
The Commission signed the Project Agreement, whereby the company plans to invest $2.5 billion in the construction of a core parts production base for new energy vehicles at the New Bridge International Industrial Park in Suzhou County, with $2.5 billion in the construction of a core parts production base for new energy vehicles and a light quantitative expansion of operations.
A light-quantization of the entire vehicle would effectively enhance the ability of new energy vehicles to continue their service, leading to a rapid increase in demand for light-quantifiable chassis. On 12 July 2022, the company publicly released $2.5 billion in debt swaps for a project to build a total of 4.8 million light-quantifiable chassis systems in the new area of Ningpohang Bay, which is expected to be completed by the end of October 2023.
It is proposed to invest $2.5 billion in the production of core parts of new energy vehicles at the New Bridge International Industrial Park in Suzhou County, which will be used mainly for the production of new energy vehicles such as light-quantified chassis, integrated body and interior systems, key products, and the company's light-quantified chassis strategy.
The project will have a total of about 500 acres of planned land, including about 200 acres for the first phase of the project.
The plant has a strong position, is closer to the client, and will improve the company's rapid response capacity, effectively reduce production and transport costs, and improve the company's competitiveness and clientele.
The company’s light-quantified business is expected to move up the next step with the additional capacity available. 8 major modules will drive the unicycle value up, and the tier 0.5 cooperation model will continue to move forward.
End of product: The company continues to advance its platform strategy to form a boxing product called "Small 1.Top Group (601689.sh) mid-2022.
+Thermal management + chassis + airlock + smart driving + smart seating” is the eight major modular strategic layout of the new growth point, with a pre-enlargement rating: 22q2 performance growth, troer 0.5 equitment of intelligent products imported, and product structure continuously optimized.
Review: 8 major modules contributed to high growth, Tier 0.5 model High, eight product lines raised the value of a bicycle to $30,000, and are expected to boost corporate business earnings and net profit maintenance 3. Tupou Group (601689.sh) forecast for the first quarter of 2022
The company’s vp and ibs projects are expected to reach production within 2022, air suspensions, Polish chassis and heat management projects will continue to be ready for production approval, expansion of capacity and high self-research to continuously deepen the competitiveness of the company.
4. Top Group (601689): 21 years: companies actively cooperate with the new top forces of Tesla, Rivian, Auxiliary, and technology companies such as Hua and Mi, exploring models of Tier 0.5 and laying the foundation for companies to achieve millions of vehicle-grade matching cooperation
The company’s performance is expected to rise fast as the domestic market for new energy cars becomes more permeable. The \triangleright business, now entering the harvest period, is expected to serve as China’s rare platform for car parts and components.
Having a valuation premium and maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.