The Topper Group (601689.sh) proposes to invest $2.5 billion in the new An Toshio County Production Base, the layout of the vehicle chassis and interior system.
On 18 August 2022, the company signed a project agreement with the International Industrial Parks Board of New Bridge, Anhui County, with a view to investing 2.5 billion yuan yuan in a phased construction of a core zero production base for new energy vehicles in the New Bridge International Industrial Park in Su County.
200 acres, mainly for the production of new energy car critical products such as light-quantified chassis, integrated body and interior systems. This construction of a production base in the county of Ani Yu is aimed at better matching the installation of the installation of the county ' s perimeter mainframe, increasing the company ' s rapid response capacity, increasing customer stickyness, and effectively reducing production and transportation costs.
Clients, new business fast-winding, company performance is expected to increase further, we maintain the 2022 profit forecast, the company continues to expand the chassis lightly quantifying its capacity, and the chassis lightly quantifys one of its core growth points.
The related high-intensity steel and six light alloy production processes cover rivian, Biadi, Ulai, Gilly, ideal, etc. The company’s light-quantified chassis system produced about 2.8 million units up to 2021, with a capacity utilization of about a strong supply capacity and a firm’s market position consolidated.
• Actively pursuing the Tier 0.5 strategy, with a strong performance growth dynamic The company has continued to deploy new, lightly quantified, intelligent and electrodynamic products based on its original nvh product, and has developed into multi-module platform-type enterprises with a combined single-car value of $30,000.
The performance forecast for 2022h1 continues to increase at a high rate, with core systems, interior and interior accessories, light-quantified chassis systems, heat management, integrated casting, air suspensions, wire control, etc.
8 Business Blocks, which can provide one-stop, system-level, modular products and services to clients, facilitate high customer stickyness and gain broad client recognition in working with clients.
The company’s performance is expected to go one more step.