The Bank of Merchants is the first company in the country to be fully incorporated into the business code.
Incidents: On 30 October, the comptoirs published three quarterly financial reports: net profit of 77239 million yuan, share-holding commercial banks, and the country’s first pilot bank to promote banking reform from outside the system.
Capital adequacy rate of 11.09 per cent: “Quality, efficiency, scale” dynamic and balanced development and operation around the transformational goal of building “light banks”
• Business highlights: Retail strategies drive faster performance and maintain asset quality. Retail banks are continuously optimized, digitally recruited start-up sizes, international excellence, well-structured, forward-looking and determined. Retail strategies are actively promoted.
The ratio of retail loans is expected to rise further; there is greater scope for active adjustment and structural optimization of the end of the debt: the absolute level of interest differential is expected to remain in line with one another and support a robust growth in corporate interest income.
At the same time, the financial and technological banking strategy has advanced, technologically enabling business innovations have been introduced, or high growth rates will be maintained at a high level of 3q19, mainly before the net interest income and the increase in the margin of the provision.
Net profits increased by 14.6 per cent in the third quarter over the same period, increasing by 1.5 percentage points over the previous half of the year by 1h19, maintaining a robust high rate of growth; the recovery rate recovered to 10.4 per cent; and the low rate of increase fell to 7.7 per cent for the ppop, which showed a 7.4 per cent increase in the same year in the main tons, an increase of 3.9 percentage points over the first half of the year.
The reduction of 27% in the RMB represents a positive contribution to performance. Shortfalls, lower market interest rates, pressure on loan returns; liabilities at the end of which deposits are highly competitive and savings are on the rise; interest spreads are narrow to industry. Retail loans are considered to be relatively high, and liabilities are on the end of the line.
The public ratio fell by 4 percentage points to 38.4%, or was associated with a proactive increase in the release of high-yield personal credit in the face of inadequate demand for public credit and lower asset interest rates. Bond investments were affected by the low base for the same period last year.
As the write-off disposal capacity increases, the negative rate ring drops by 4bps, which is the same as the previous decline of 23bps to 1.19 per cent over the past 15 years, and the asset quality continues to stabilize steadily.
Investment recommendations: Retail operations in companies are relatively high, prudential, asset quality is stable and subject to economic fluctuations Source of Eastern financial and intellectual booms: Merchant Banks 3q19, pop, net profit growth loops are up.
Figure 2: 3q19 quarter collection, ppp, net profit growth ring above line Figure 3: Historical trends in net interest differentials at merchant banks Figure 4: Continued increase in 3q19 credit at caller banks
Figure 5: Non-performing bank lending ratio below line 4bps to recent lows
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Merchant Bank (600036): Sustained high performance, sustained improvement in the quality of assets
Research assistant profile
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation (ECS) reported that the hiring bank (600036): maintained high performance and continued improvement in the quality of assets, did not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of such information, nor did it guarantee that the information and advice contained therein would not occur.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.