October 31st, 2019.
Quarterly reviews: assets continue to be in good condition, charges and commission net revenues are returning; Quarterly reports were issued by the comptroller banks, which generated $20.7 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 10.4 per cent, net gains of $77.2 billion, an increase of 14.6 per cent for yoy, an annualized rise of 19.2 per cent, in terms of single-season performance, 3q
On the income side, net interest income increased by two-digit growth, driven by expansion in size and rising interest differentials.
Retail operations now account for more than half of the total, and further contribute to the transformation of its light bank through financial science and technology. We see that the retail business of companies continues to deepen, and the current valuation is relatively reasonable, with a net gain of between 14.6 and 77.2 billion in the first three quarters of “buy-in”: one-three-q2019 in the hiring bank, which generates $20.7 billion.
With an increase of 10.4 per cent for yoy, a net gain of 77.2 billion and an increase of 14.6 per cent for yoy, corresponding to an annual rise of 19.2 per cent, 3q recorded an increase of 26.6 billion and yoy 17.7 per cent in single-season performance, the asset position continues to be good and adequate.
The improvement in the quality of the company’s assets not only supports better performance growth, but also the company’s risk resilience. By 3q2019, 409% of the coverage was recorded.
The net interest income is growing faster, with charges and commissions warming. At the income end, the net interest income of the first three quarters rose by 11.2% to 131.2 billion, with the difference between the interest and the interest rate rising by 0.11 pct to 2.65%, which has had some positive effect on the net interest income growth, but more so on the size of the interest-generating assets.
Expansion drives (we calculate interest-bearing asset size expansion to boost net interest income by 6.6 pct. The net interest margin for companies, 1-30, although higher than in the same period last year, is the ratio of institutional investors to the share in circulation a, depending on marginal changes)
The decrease of 0.12 pct over the first half of the year is due mainly to the adjustment of interest-bearing asset yields and the rise in deposit yields. Against the backdrop of the current reduction in real-economy financing costs, bank asset end-of-end gains are expected to remain under pressure to adjust, with interest differentials contributing to interest net income growth or weakening, and future silver.
Rows may be more driven by scale. On non-interest income, fees and commission net revenue from retail sales have been steadily increasing. Corporate retail finance revenues in the first three quarters of 2019 increased by 10.6 billion, yoy by 22.2 per cent, at the receiving end by 55.0 per cent, and by 4.4 pt from 2018.
Anticipated remuneration (expected return; er) as follows: _capitalcare#2Taibei Hong Kong Shanghai
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.