Double-sink development (000895), food beverages, performance against expectations and continued improvement in the profitability of slaughtering and meat products, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2018, which achieved business income of 23.7 billion yuan, a decrease of 1.3 per cent in the same year; the net profit of 2.4 billion yuan for the mother, an increase of 25 per cent in the same year; 18q2 of these, an increase of 11.7 billion yuan in business income, a decrease of 1.2 per cent in the same year: the net profit of 1.3 billion yuan for the mother, an increase of 29 per cent in the same year.
The price of pig meat is 16.4 yuan per kilogram per kilogram per year, compared to 22% per cent per year, as the pig price has fallen and the net profit has increased. As the pig stock has recovered and the body weight of the pig has increased, the price of pig prices has continued to fall, with an average of 2018q2 pork wholesale prices falling. (1) Pig prices have fallen, and the sale of fresh and frozen meat has increased faster.
The rate of increase of 30 per cent over the same period, the volume of frozen meat sold was 770,000 tons, an 11 per cent increase over the same period, and the high rate of growth in the slaughter business was due to: (1) the fall in pig prices, which contributed to the growth of sales; (2) the relatively low prices of pigs in the second quarter, when companies took the initiative to increase the stock of raw materials for meat products. (2) The profitability of fresh meat improved significantly.
The level of profit in the frozen meat business has continued to rise, with the first half of the year earning $11.6 billion, an 8 per cent decline in the same year, an increase of 99 per cent; 18q2 yuan, a 5 per cent decline in the same year, a net gain of $260 million, a quantitative ring increase and a spring-time boom are expected to be followed by an increase in the prices of pigs, the average price of which is higher than in the first half of the year.
Meat products: the product structure continues to be optimized and profitability gradually improved. In the first half of the year, the company’s meat business achieved 780,000 tons of sales, a 3 per cent increase in the same year, an income of 11.4 billion yuan, a 4.5 per cent increase in the same year, and a net profit of 2.3 billion yuan.
To achieve an income of $5.8 billion, a 2% increase in the same year, a net profit of $1.3 billion, a 5% increase in the same year, a net interest rate of 22%, and a significant increase in profitability. (1) High-end new products are being introduced, and product structures are steadily improving. Companies are actively introducing new products, and starting at the beginning of the year by adjusting R & D institutions, introducing processes and testing strategies,
In the future, companies will also launch high-end products of over $5,000-10,000, optimize product composition and improve profitability. (2) Promotion and re-engineering of channels continue to grow, laying the foundation for long-term development.
In the second quarter, the company continued to increase its market promotion and advertising efforts, and to build the foundations for long-term healthy growth through client-level restructuring. As the market spreads, the cost of raw materials for pork and the high Maori product share resulting from product restructuring rises, company meat will continue to grow in the future.
Optimization will result in an increase in income size and increased profitability, which will be valued 20 times the value of the company in 2018, and double-sink development (000895), which will result in a high rate of growth in the slaughter industry.
Continuous structural improvement of meat products (2018-04-25) 2. Double-sink development (000895).
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.