Biannual reviews of the development of daily food consumption, beverages and tobacco: slaughter continues for the second half of the year or is over-expected
1.57% net gain to the mother of $2,385 million, an increase of 25.28%, net gain of $2,213 million, slaughter "Big in size" and "Big in size" in the second quarter.
The slaughter continues to be the best level in recent years. In the second half of the year, we judge that the price of pigs is still low.
Total stock/flow (million shares) slaughter will continue to be released, meat products will continue to be restructured, and new products are expected to boost Maori.
This year, the meat plate was overhauled from channel to product development, and its effects became apparent. q2 meat products were sold at 406,000 tons, a slight decrease of 1%. Tons of both sinks (000895) were developed in the first quarter of the year.
The growth in revenue was 2.7 per cent in the same year, with a 4.3 per cent decline in the ring, but ton Maori reversed the decline of the last two quarters.
Free and frozen products are declining, with Chinese products doubling. At present, the company’s ton of meat is being evaluated for its readiness to improve the overall layout of its warm, low-temperature, medium-sized meat products to compensate for the company’s lack of high-end products.
Double-sink development (000895), " Double-sink development: releasing cost dividends, moving into a new cycle of growth " , supports new products, and the structure of meat sales will continue to improve in the second half of the year.
In the past year, companies have made significant changes in their channels, with sub-products, sub-channels, and networks of distributors built in sub-regions. The first is to adjust the incentives and layout of the former distributors.
The second is to go to the network of new distributors through channels, and the third is to build their own brand shops, build their own ones, buy them, build brand counters in supermarkets, etc., and hope to build 5,000 shops next year, 10,000 by 2020. If future brand shops earn $30,000 a year, 10,000 dollars a year.
In the first half of the year, with the average cost of meat stored at a higher cost, the Māori rate for meat products has not been known; the cost of meat for stocks has gradually declined; and the Māori rate for meat products is expected to continue to rise in the second half of the year.
With a relatively low price of pork, the company slaughter business will continue to gain momentum. We expect the company’s performance in the second half of the year to continue the positive trend of the first half of the year, with a sharp economic downturn, a corporate governance gap, and a less than expected spread of new products.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.