The double-sink development (000895) was reported in mid-2018.
The net profit attributable to the shareholders of listed companies has been reduced by 1.3 per cent; the net profit of 2,385 million yuan has been increased faster than the same time, and the meat business has been growing steadily. The company has slaughtered 827.45 million scavengers in the first half of 2018, an increase of 30.42 per cent over the same year; and the export of frozen meat and meat products has been increased by 155.19
In the first half of the year, the value of meat products decreased by 4.22%. In the first half of the year, the value of hot meat products increased by $7,231 million and the amount of frozen products by $13,952 million, a decline of 4.22%.
In the first half of 2018, the company's Māori rate recovered by 2.76 percentage points from the same year to 0.05 percentage points from the same year to 0.07 percentage points from the same time, thereby increasing the spread of new products and accelerating product restructuring.
Production strategy for low-temperature, middle-class industrialization, leisure products and a combination of meat and egg milk foods” with sustained promotion of new products, leading to new demand for consumption; fresh products; expanding sales of prefabricated and modulated products, increasing the availability of fresh products and achieving fast-marketing, high-yielding production
Strengthening channels and network development, and increasing the volume of sales. Fresh products continue to follow the policy of “network-building, marketing, marketing, intensive development of regional markets, encryption of market networks, working with new business super-systems to promote the construction of business super-networks, by guiding agricultural and trade customers.
Construction of self-employed agricultural or wholesale trading centres to speed up the process of upgrading and expanding the distribution network to achieve faster growth in fresh and fresh business; meat products are structured around a business approach of “new products, new canals, structural changes” and fast-tracking the construction of deli shops and increasing the availability of high-end fine products
The development of marketing channels such as supermarkets, chains of convenience stores, green supermarkets, etc., provides new space for the upgrading of meat products. Pe is 15 times and 14 times, respectively. The company is the tap of slaughter and meat products, and the slaughter business benefits from the long term.
As the concentration of industry rises, the meat industry will benefit from product restructuring and consumption upgrading, and companies will guarantee that the rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.