Two-sink development (000895.sz) The price of the pig for the benefit of the King went down and the net profit increased by 25% in the first half of the year.
The higher Māori rate in companies in the first half of the year was mainly due to lower costs. The revenue from meat business was growing: meat business was generating $11.42 billion in the first half of the year, a 4.5% increase compared to the 4.5% increase in the same year, the expansion of major beneficiary pipelines and restructuring of products, and higher sales and tonnage prices, respectively.
About 3%, 1%. Business profits increased by 4.4% over the same period last year, at roughly the same rate of 29.98%. Discounts show that high-temperature meat yields $7.23 billion, a 6% increase over the same period, Māori prices for raw pigs, slaughter operations: at the end of the income, down prices for pork affect slaughter operations.
However, due to the fact that the average price of a pig in the first half of the year fell by about 24 per cent compared to the same period last year, the cost of the company dropped by 1,434 million, an increase of 48 per cent over the same period. The lower price of the pig was the result of a sharp increase in the amount spent on the company ' s slaughter business, with a cumulative slaughter of 827.45 million pigs, an increase of 30 per cent over the previous year, and a total of 4.35 million pigs killed by 20, a similar increase.
Looking ahead: 1) More recent outbreaks of the African swine plague have caused consumer panic and demand, but African swine fever is not contagious and it is now more timely to catch and kill sick pigs, with institutional investors accounting for the share of circulationa in the second half of the year.
The weather has turned cold and the effects of the epidemic have diminished, and consumption demand is expected to recover. Prior to the suspension of work at the company's Chengzhou factory, orders had been delivered to the nearest plant for execution, and more testing of pigs was being carried out. The epidemic was expected to have less impact on the company's overall production operations.
Surplus, affected or expected to accelerate the liquidation of production capacity, company slaughtering operations are expected to increase gradually (currently around 10 per cent in the city of Cr5) and the scale effect will increase in cost-side control.) Currently, the prices of pig-borns have recovered, but it is reported that this is due to frozen stocks and meat.
The increase in raw materials has resulted in an increase of 23 per cent in the same inventory and will continue to benefit from lower cost prices in the second half of the year. (3) The restructuring of meat products after the change of office of the company ' s management has shown results, and the revenue from meat products operations is expected to remain positive as the quality of the products improves and the structure continues to improve.
Figure 3: Projected compensation (expected return; er) based on the rate of income growth in the company’s sub-business, as follows: This report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.