Food and food processing of food beverages Ely shares report an annual evaluation: income stability net interest rate rises, and the dominant advantage is becoming more apparent. 16 years of company dairy business generated business income of $59,172 million, a year-on-year increase.
The sales of liquid milk products increased by 2.42 per cent over the same period; revenues by 49,522 million; sales of cold drink products by 3,867 million, a decrease of 8.55 per cent over the same period; revenues by 4,194 million yuan; sales of milk powder and dairy products by 8,444 million tons, a decrease of 10.67 per cent over the same period; and revenues by 5,456 million yuan.
“Golden Clan”, “Anmush”, “Ammuth”, “Golden Collar”, “Charlotte”, “Small” and other priority products account for 49% of the income, an increase of 3.2 percentage points from the previous year.
This represents a 22.7 per cent increase of about 7 percentage points over the previous year.2 Market penetration and share have increased further through precision distribution channels. Companies have the best distribution networks in the country, and in recent years they have been on the back of the “Internet+”
At the same time, the downside, rural distribution, allows companies to continue to gain access to the rapid expansion of the rural market for liquid milk.
The penetration rate reached 77.1%, an increase of 0.3 percentage points in the same year. By the end of 16 years, the company had direct control of 342,000 village sites, about two times higher than in the previous year.
The share of retail markets was 20.0 per cent, an increase of 1.1 percentage points over the previous year, and was ranked first in the market. Of these, the share of the retail market for regular liquid milk was 31.6 per cent, and was ranked first in the market, up 1.8 percentage points from the same period in the previous year; the share of the retail market for low-temperature liquid milk was 16.2 per cent.
This represents an increase of 0.6 percentage points over the same period in the previous year: the share of the market in the total retail distribution of infant formula products was 5.0 per cent, or 0.2 percentage points over the same period in the previous year.
In the 16th year of officially implemented milk powder registration, most small and medium-sized dairy companies will be out of the market and are expected to be able to empty up more than 20 billion markets. Eli is a domestic milk powder head enterprise, and as consumer confidence in domestic milk powder brands has gradually risen in recent years, the public has been in a position to pay for it.
This will increase further, directly driving a rapid increase in milk sales. The birth of children will bring new demand for milk powder, changing the structure of supply and demand of market milk powder, and contributing directly to the early results of the global distribution of milk sources, both public and private.
The company’s global milk source, which was designed to influence the impact of large fluctuations in the price of flushed milk in previous years, has already yielded initial results. The company has worked in depth with dairy companies in the Americas, Europe, Australia, and has been working at a low-season production base, with co-operation in production and marketing.
“pure-nutra” infant formula produced by New Zealand’s production base has been officially certified and marketed by the New Zealand Government.5 Profit forecasting and valuation:
We believe that a company’s advantage as a breast-milk leader in branding, product development, and channel building will benefit fully from high growth in the industry. It is expected that the company’s revenues will increase from 17 to 18 years, market competition will increase, costs will rise, and food security will be safe.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.