The annual report issued on the evening of 31 December 2006 by the shares of Ily (600887), which is a long-standing concern for the upgrading of sunk products through channels, stated that operating income was 60.609 billion yuan, an increase of 0.41 per cent over the reporting period; the net profit for parent owners was 5.662 billion yuan, an increase over the same period.
The company performed well during the reporting period, the product upgrades continued, and the products of the stars were better sold. The sales of new products accounted for 22.7 per cent of the revenue, an increase of about 7 percentage points from the previous year.
The share of income from priority products such as light, “gold crown”, “Charlotts” and “Small” was 49 per cent, an increase of 3.2 percentage points from the previous year. The cost of selling increased by 0.75 percentage points to 29.17 per cent as a result of higher advertising and marketing spending by companies, as well as higher logistics costs, but the structure of the company's products was upgraded during the reporting period, with higher end-products.
In the reporting period, companies accounted for 20.0% of retail sales in the overall dairy market, an increase of 1.1 percentage points over the previous year, and maintained their first position. The channel continued to seepage, with a market penetration rate of 77.1% for regular liquid milk, an increase of 0.3 percentage points over the previous year.
The company, as a leader in the dairy industry, is well-run and fully developed, maintaining its cash share for many years, is extremely valuable for long-term investment. Domestic consumers’ demands for product diversification are rising, and they are more secure, healthy, and healthy.
The importance of high quality qualities is increasing, and consumption upgrades will be the main driving force behind the next rapid growth in the dairy industry. And companies are responding well to the trend of rising consumption, on the one hand, through constant innovation in product taste, packaging, and a breakdown of new products; and, on the other hand, by improving product quality, by promoting product upgrading.
In addition, the company ' s continued drive to globalize overseas will enhance its ability to master the quality of overseas milk sources, increase its resilience to the impact of imported milk sources on the company ' s costs, and continuously improve its global brand image.
After the company's acquisition of part of the Chinese Holy Shepherd has been completed, it has effectively strengthened its own milk supply for Elie organic dairy products, reduced the industrial chain, replenished the organic product shorts, and promoted further upgrading of the high-end white milk products under the flag. The market rate has risen steadily, except for white milk and regular milk.
The rapid development of the warm yogurt milk, the company ' s continuous progress in building a cold chain for the low-temperature yogurt milk, the establishment of a low-temperature yogurt milk production line in several parts of the country, the expansion of the low-temperature yogurt milk sales radius, and the gradual construction of open-source securities, Inc.
The cryogenic yogurt chain system, which is expected to work again in the future on the cryogenic yogurt business. The company's marketing touch, keenness, has been effective in pulling the corporate brand, single b, through the hiring of more influential spokespersons and famous hot spots.
Sales and brand awareness. Together with the company’s deep and wide marketing network, the company’s star products are expected to continue to grow in volume, and new products are expected to be promoted rapidly. We appreciate the company’s ability to develop products, its deep-deep channels and its marketing networks as leaders in the domestic dairy industry, to support the company’s future business.
The dynamic growth of businesses as a result of robust business growth, equity incentives and the continuous overseas layout, coupled with greater value-repair space for companies and a high red rate, have made companies extremely valuable for long-term investment, maintaining public figure 1: the history of Ily sharespe
Figure 2: The history of Ely shares pb who is qualified to practise securities investment consultancy or a considerable professional competence by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report independently and objectively and with due diligence and professionalism. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Disclosures of company-related information The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, as defined by the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index in the six months following the reporting date, as follows:
In the six-month period following the reporting date, industry was defined as follows: (overweight): industry outperformed overall market performance; (underweight): industry was weaker than overall market performance.