On November 17, 2022, the price of capacity changed the price of electricity from fire to electricity.
Keywords: #New Demand, New Policy  New Power System Light Power Functional Transformation, Valuation is expected to reshape: New Power System Fire Power for Weather-Free and Stable Energy, Voltage Block Stones have played a prominent role since 2020.
High-speed developments in wind and light voltage place increasing demands on the grid, as well as on the multi-power complementarity of power systems. “Emergency” in carbon neutralization and processes, and imbalances in electricity supply and demand in local areas will persist, while fire storage coil flexibility will prevail.
Sources are the key to resolving conflicts. Markets need to rediscover the supporting power position of fire power under new power systems, which should be a multi-power, complementary power system with a “fire-store-windlight” integration, which can be demonstrated by the fact that fire-store should be replenished when wind is not working.
Electricity systems maintain the dynamic balance of power supply, and fire power is playing an increasingly important role in new power systems because it is low-cost, weather-proof and stable.
Capacity electricity prices + market-based electricity prices change the new pattern of fire power profitability: since 2022 Shandong, Guizhou and others have been piloting electric power capacity on fire, providing profitability for fire power participation in deep-flash FM. Mechanisms are not yet well developed, and coal units under the traditional management mechanisms lack the power to proactively provide flex FM.
Services. Since there are no technical barriers to the adaptation of coal power flexibility, the main reason is that the mechanism has not been streamlined.
The company's main business is fire and pumping, and in 2021, the company removed wind and light power from its project, injected new energy and injected it with new energy.
New electricity is 31% and benefits from investment. We believe that the fire power industry is moving from cyclical to public utility properties, and valuations are still to be revalued; that important storage assets of new power systems, superimposed and higher growth rates, should be valued for growth; and that the new power source of equity, on the one hand, does not need input.
Large capital spending guarantees good cash flow and asset performance, and, on the other hand, benefits from growing investment in new sources of power generation. For the first time, the primary energy position of fire power has been reduced, and the power sector has benefited from a build-up of capacity-price policies.
Coverage, with a “buy-in” rating.
Power systems that are “source-net-to-charge” integrated, in the process of power-side development dominated by conventional fire-to-wind light voltage, by the wind, light-to-weather impact, the continuity of electricity generation cannot be guaranteed; the use of side-to-side with the widespread use of equipment such as electric vehicles, smart homes, roof photovoltaics, home-to-house storage, etc., is marked by a trend towards diversification of end loads; the use of side-to-side and side-to-side power
With the Sichuan drought this past second quarter, markets have come to realize that the depth of fire power has been high for a long time before large-scale commercial use of storage technology, and that the new power system should be a multi-complementary power system integrated with fire-storage-windlight.
When the wind fails, fire + storage should be replenished so that the power system maintains the dynamic balance of power supply, while fire, because of its low-cost, weather-proof and stable properties, is also playing an increasingly important role in new power systems, and valuations should be reshaped.
The role of voltage as a stable source of energy free from weather is highlighted. Since 2020, the rapid development of wind and light voltage has placed increasing demands on the grid and on the power system.
We've been collating three rounds of electrical waste since 2020: power restrictions in the bottom provinces in 2020, power restrictions in the summer of 2021, power restrictions caused by the summer Sichuan drought in 2022, and carbon neutralization of local power supply and demand in the process.
(1) At the end of 2020, there were electricity restrictions in various provinces of the country: around 10 December 2020, a series of orderly electricity use notices were issued in Zhejiang, Hunan, Jiangxi, Utsun, etc., for reasons other than the rapid recovery of industrial production, the growth of electricity supply and the growth of electricity supply.
In addition to the increase in electricity loads in extreme weather, limited external power capacity and engine failures, according to an analysis by Chen Ho, the public information spokesperson and Deputy Director of the Electricity Control Centre of Hunan Province, where electricity is limited, the power supply in the province has grown since 2016, mainly from wind and photovoltaics, generating less stable electricity. The number of hours of coal use and the number of reloading machines in Hunan Province has declined.
In August 2021, the National Development and Reform Commission issued a report on the completion of the regional energy consumption control targets for the first half of 2021.
In August 2022, the heat of the summer and the drought in the upper Yangtze basin reduced the power generation capacity in Sichuan province from 900 million kWh to 440 million kWh.
51.1 per cent. In the south-west of the country, the theoretical reservoir of hydro-energy resources amounts to 490 million kilowatts, or 70.6 per cent of the country ' s total capacity of the Sichuan hydroelectric unit in 2021, with a total capacity of 892.7 million kilowatt-hours and a hydroelectric capacity of 3,53.1 billion kilowatt-hours, or 81.57 per cent. Sichuan, as an important export point for the implementation of the “West East” strategy, had been connected to the water and electricity supply in Sichuan province by the end of 2021.
More than 130 billion kilowatt-hours in five years, about a third of their hydroelectric capacity. Although large hydroelectric plants like dam, riverine, crane beach, and Utungde have been built on the Jinsha River, they are “not close to dry” for the currently power-depleted Sichuan, because of the integrated planning of the national grid.
1.2. We have less than 8 per cent Flexible Power, far below 18-50 per cent in Europe and the United States, and less than 8 per cent Flexible Power in 2021, far below the 18-50 per cent Flexible Power (GA) in Europe and the United States. We have insufficient and slow regulatory levels for Fire Flexibility to meet the high ratios in new power systems.
In April 2022, the National Development and Reform Commission and the Energy Agency issued the “14th Five-Year Plan” for Modern Energy Systems, which sets out clear targets for the flexibility of the power system, requiring that by 2025 the proportion of power sources in flexible regulation reach around 24% and that the power demand side response capacity reaches 3-5% of the maximum power load.
Professor Yuan at the Academy of Science expects that the 14th-year addition of windlight will exceed 400 million kilowatts, adding to other power units, and will increase to a total of 3 billion kilowatts by the end of 2025. Under this scheme, the above-mentioned 24% flexibility will be achieved. During the 14th-year period, the need for flexibility in power systems was urgent, and it will not be easy to achieve this target.
As of August 2022, the country's coal-rich, oil- and gas-rich power supply will become the main flexible power source. As of August 2022, coal power accounted for 1.31 billion kilowatts, or 53 per cent of the total installed capacity, of which 1,110 million kilowatts contributed 60 per cent of the electricity generated and 70 per cent of the peak.
Power security and the security of irreplaceable power grids, which provide a strong response to the development needs of the economy and society, are indisputable primary sources of electricity; gas power of 110 million kilowatts (kW) is an important flexible regulation source; biomass power generation of 39,67 million kW (kW) is an important supplement to the power supply. We have built the largest clean and efficient coal supply system in the world, fully autonomous of the national production.
Quantities, high-parameter coal power technologies are at the top of the world, with an average coal consumption of 301.5 grams of standard coal/kWh in 2021, 90 g of standard coal/kWh lower than in 2000, and 828 g/kWh of electrocarbon emissions lower than in 2000, and 183 g/k.1.3. The economics of the fire power flexibility adaptation for participation in FM are significant
The FM tools that we can develop are, inter alia, pumping, new storage, and remodelling fire power flexibility. As a result of our lack of gas resources, gas power cannot dominate, while nuclear power participation in FM is limited by technology and safety.
In 2025, the country will double its total capacity for pumping water to more than 62 million kW in size. The new storage capacity is one of the most potentially flexible power sources that, according to the China-Korea Reserve Industry Technical Union, in a conservative scenario, will have a total market of more than 35 million kW during the “14” period, with a composite growth rate of about 57%.
The cost of unit gw capacity for coal power flexibility conversion is about 5-15 million yuan, compared to pumped water storage and new storage capacity, and the average price of coal power poles in 2021 is 0.3844 yuan/kwh, which is economically significant. The cost and investment of energy storage is much higher than that of fire power flexibility conversion, and if the storage capacity of the power storage station reaches 2,000h hours, the storage capacity of the pumping plant is significantly higher.
Electricity consumption costs are less than 0.5/kwh, about 0.46/kwh, compressed air storage power costs are less than $1/kwh, about 0.92/kwh, and lithium ion cell storage costs are reduced to about $1.02/kwh. Fire power will accelerate the transition from power-efficient to flexible-modified power sources. Renewable energy and coal power are more expensive in the current national context.
Mostly complementary development relationships, which require a rational shift in coal-power positioning to enhance the flexibility of the overall power system. A built-up coal-power unit can reduce its minimum steady contribution to a rated capacity of 20-30% through technical adaptations such as thermal electrolysis coupling, low-pressure steady combustion, but its climb rate is slower, at 1-2%/min, and, among the existing flexibility techniques, fire power flexibility.
Not only can adaptation significantly improve system up-and-down flexibility, but the per kilowatt input is higher than demand-side management and, while improving system reliability, can promote large-scale consumption of renewable energy.
Incentives for the provision of flexible and regulated services in the country’s electricity market reform have not yet been perfected, while traditional regulators lack the power to actively provide FM services. Since there are no technical barriers to the adaptation of coal power flexibility, the main reason is that the mechanism has not been streamlined.
Figure 4: Fire power as a measure to accommodate new energy flexibility
On 25 October, the Shandong Province Energy Authority issued a circular requesting advice on work related to electricity market transactions throughout the province in 2023, which indicated that the distribution of new energy sources in the new market would be promoted in an orderly manner and shared in the new market.
For peak periods of energy generation and sufficient power generation capacity, capacity compensation prices are charged at base prices (99.1 yuan/megawatt hours, lower) multiplied by a grain coefficient of k1 (0-50 per cent for k1); capacity compensation prices are charged at a base price multiplied by a peak factor of k2 (150-200 per cent for k2); and deep valleys and peaks are set in accordance with system requirements.
In November 2022, the Provincial Development and Reform Commission issued an opinion draft for the promotion of the integrated development of new energy sources for coal power, which promotes complementarities among coal power units. New energy construction indicators are set at two times the size of the new upscaling capacity as a result of the adaptation of coal power flexibility; for new coal power projects, 35 to 100% of the capacity for linear and rapid response is ensured.
New energy construction indicators can be configured on a two-fold scale, less public-conforming capacity, without the public regulation capacity (50%) being occupied. The new energy installation meets the 2-hour operating requirement or builds storage capacity to meet peak requirements at no less than 10% of the size of the new energy installation.
k1 (k1 value 0-50%) charged; in time of power stress, capacity to compensate for electricity prices multiplied by a peak factor of k2 (k2)
For example, in November 2022, the China-China ITU published a study on the price of electricity for new power systems, suggesting that the reasonable composition of the price of electricity should include six components: the price of electricity + the price of capacity + the cost of support services + the price of the green environment + the cost of the transport.
Electricity distribution prices + government funds and attachments. We expect that fire power will be compensated for by “capacity prices” and “subsidial service costs” for its participation in auxiliary market services, and that its profit model will be fundamentally transformed.
The average national base price for coal power has been adjusted to 0.4335 yuan per kilowatt hour in an orderly manner. The profitability of electricity from fire still needs to be improved.
The increase, which is close to the 20% ceiling, is about seven cents higher. As a result of persistently high coal prices, there are some difficulties in the implementation of the JCLU coal mechanism, and there are improvements in the operation of the fire power enterprise, but there are still differences between reasonable profits.
Under the new power system, it is based on fire + extraction, the growth benefits of new energy sources, the low cost of coal integration, and the value of the company’s main industry, which has been the voltage of the system, and the wind luminous power generation project in 2021, which injects new energy and 31 per cent of new energy and benefits from investment.
It was argued that the fire power industry was moving from cycle to utility properties and that valuation was still to be revalued; that the extraction of new power systems, important storage assets and the accumulation of higher rates of growth, should be valued for growth; and that the introduction of new power sources, on the one hand, would not require significant capital spending and would guarantee good cash flow and asset performance, and on the other hand, would be able to enjoy the new ones.
Energy generation growth investment returns. 3.1. Capacity tariffs + coal prices control fire power are expected to hit the jackpot, and the firm’s current focus is on the potential roll-out of power prices + coal prices control companies are expected to hit the jackpot.
Point. The company ' s performance was affected by coal prices in 2021, with a loss of nearly $5 billion a year and a share of the company ' s electricity generated by fire in 2021, but the company ' s average annual price of electricity on the Internet rose by about 6 per cent as a result of the absence of an increase in the price of the CPPA contract, while the coal on the stove rose by about 71 per cent, far exceeding the increase in the price of electricity on the Internet.
In February 2022, the Circular on Further Improvement of the Coal Market Price-Forcing Mechanism established reasonable intervals between medium- and long-term trading prices for coal, with clear inter-regional regulation of coal prices. Meanwhile, the UNDP Energy Agency has increased its 14th phase of the Inter-Fire Power Plan and the Coal Energy Plan, which are expected to generate higher revenues and lower costs.
Figure 7: Net profits from corporate revenue, return to the mother 3.2. Share in the new energy abundance schedule, share in the coal industry to reduce the cost of coal combustion Participation in the new energy + coal enterprises to benefit from the income from growth investments. Since 2020, the profits from the electricity industry have been derived from coal.
Carbon prices are high, assets at the end of the estate are high due to wind and wind-voltage large investment asset indebtedness, and the production and operation of electricity enterprises are challenged. In 2021, the company removed its new energy generation business from the new power source to the new power source, with 31% participation in the new power source and benefits from investment in the high-speed development of the new energy source; and coal power integration effectively controlled the cost of fuel by participating companies in several coal mining provinces.
Coal has an equity capacity of over 12.44 million tonnes/year, with an equity gain of over 1.33 billion yuan in 2021, effectively controlling the cost of coal combustion during periods of high coal prices, while at the same time providing the company with an investment gain.
95% of the size of the machine; of these, 858.9 thousand kilowatts (kW) of the gas engine, 17% of the lighter.
700gw, 300gw, a stock loader of 2604gw, 2837gw, 3052gw, 3217gw; a fire power high speed, comparable to the company, we have selected the new energy source, the three isthmus, and the new power source, the new power source, which, as we look at the basic energy status of the new power system, avoids high power.
Year is only 14 times the price. Adding the price of capacity to the price of market-based electricity to the power-fired industry, China's back to Shandong Province of Fire and Power, the rapid development of new energy sources, and the concentration of power supply and demand, will cover it for the first time, giving a “buy-in” rating.
2. Risks of sharp fluctuations in coal prices. If coal prices go up above expectations, they will have a direct impact on the profits from electricity and fire. If electricity demand goes down above expectations, they will have a negative impact on corporate performance.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board