A year-on-year decline in sales in the second quarter and improved profitability at lower cost Qingdao beer published its semi-annual performance in 2024, with companies achieving gross operating income of $2068 million in the first half of 2024, i.e. - 7.06 per cent; net return to mothers of $3.642 billion, i.e. + 6.31 per cent;
The fall in sales in the second quarter, and the small decline in the share of Aoshima's brand sales, has contributed to the structure of the product. The decline in public sales in the second quarter was mainly due to weak consumer demand, unfavourable weather conditions and the high base for the same period last year; thousands of litres of alcohol, income, and sales of Aoshima's brand, mainly due to higher tonnage levels in the second quarter, were equal to -8.7 per cent.
52 weeks of top/lowest price. Brand sales have declined more than average, delaying product structure performance, which is expected to be related to weak consumer power, lack of drinking scenes, and company initiatives to reduce the number of classic products below the classics.
Cost falls, cost controls are good, profitability continues to improve in the second quarter. 42.8% in the second quarter, compared to +2.7pt, mainly due to the fall in the cost of barley and package this year, the cost of 1,000 litres of wine in the second quarter - 5.4% in the ring, and the cost of 1,000 litres of wine in the second quarter is larger than in the first quarter, compared to the decrease in the first quarter.
The share of low- and medium-end products has increased slightly; (2) the use of pre-period high-priced raw materials has been completed, and the cost loop for the second quarter has fallen further. The cost rate for sales in the second quarter has been the same as +0.4 pct, while other rates have changed less than the same rate, and overall cost control remains strong.
Respond to changes in demand and focus on the quality of long-term growth. The current overall demand for consumption remains weak, and the lack of consumption scenes such as catering, nighttime, etc. has created some resistance to the high-end process of the beer industry, and companies are producing.
On the one hand, the company continues to insist on the promotion of monolithic, pure, white beverages, and, on the other hand, this year, the company has accelerated the cultivation of fine slurry, crystal pure high-end products.
In addition, this year, the company focused more on increasing the quality, strict control of channel stocks, and increased the freshness of the end product, helping the medium- and long-term brand of Qingdao Beer (60000.sh) - a high base to suppress sales at a higher rate, with lower-cost dividends.
Qingdao Beers (600600.sh) - Structural Upgrading Resilientness is highlighted, with a basic red scale, Qingdao Beers (600600.sh) 2023 Quarterly Review: Three Quarters Optimizing Structures
The growth of core product channels has produced less than expected results; increased competition in the industry; and higher costs than expected. Qingdao Beer (600600.sh) - Business resilience highlighted, high-end steady progress - Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations: Given the continuing pressure on demand in the current environment, we adjust profit forecasts downward:
From the perspective of the period, the firm-based market has a strong competitive edge, with full product coverage and branding ahead of industry, strong support for growth in medium- and long-term performance, and a rise in corporate dividends to enhance shareholder returns, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.
Qingdao beer published its semi-annual performance in 2024, and in the first half of 2024 the company achieved a gross operating income of $20,68 million, or $1 billion, or +6.15 per cent. In the second quarter, total operating income was $9,918 million, or 8.89 per cent, and in the second quarter, sales fell and sales of Qingdao's brand were reduced by a small margin.
By comparison to 8.9 per cent, the volume of sales was equal to -8.1 per cent, and the income from 1,000 litres of alcohol was equal to -0.9 per cent. The decline was mainly due to weak consumer demand, unfavourable weather conditions and the high base for the same period last year; the income from 1,000 litres of alcohol fell, mainly the sales of the Qingjia master brand, which was higher in terms of tonnage in the second quarter, were equal to -8.7 per cent, while the sales from the main brand fell more than average, and the sales from the main brands dropped more than average.
In the second quarter, Aoshima’s brand sales were 52.7%, compared to 0.4pt, and other brands 47.3%, compared to 0.4pt. Cumulatively, the first half of the year was equal to -7.1%, sales to -7.8%, and alcohol to 1,000 litres.
Cost falls, cost controls are good, profitability continues to improve in the second quarter. In the second quarter, the Māori ratio was 42.8%, corresponding to +2.7pt, mainly due to the fall in the cost of barley and wrappings this year, the cost of 1,000 litres of wine in the second quarter was equal to -54%, and the cost of 1,000 litres of alcohol in the second quarter was greater than in the first quarter, and the share of low- and medium-end products increased slightly in the second quarter as compared to the decrease in the first quarter, mainly as a result of 1);)
Prior-period high-priced raw materials have been used, and the cost of raw materials has fallen further in the second quarter. Sales costs for the second quarter have been equal to +0.4 ptt, other rates have changed less, and overall cost control has remained relatively strong. Other gains in the second quarter have increased by over $100 million over the same-year period, and are expected to result from increases in government subsidies.
+2.5pc, net interest rate off non-repatriate ratio +2.0pc, which continues to improve profitability. Respond positively to changes in demand and focus on the quality of long-term growth.
The demand for beer is still being tested, and companies are responding positively to product and channel strategies. On the one hand, the company continues to insist on the promotion of a single classic, pure, white beak, and now has good, growing feedback in some parts of the region, while on the other hand, this year, the company has accelerated the development of fine slurry, crystal pure high-end products, and has launched it.
In addition, this year, companies have focused more on the quality of growth, strict control of pipeline stocks, a rise in the freshness of the end product, the promotion of medium- and long-term brand image and the advantages of the channel. Markets have a strong competitive edge, product coverage is comprehensive and brand power is in the forefront of the industry, and growth in medium and long-term performance continues.
With strong support, and a rising corporate bonus that strengthens shareholder returns, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating. Macroeconomic growth is expected to slow, demand for beer at the mid-to-high end is expected to grow less, and the company’s core product pipeline expands less than expected: increased competition in the industry: higher costs are expected.
Figure 1: Quarterly operating income and rate of increase Figure 2: Quarterly net profit return and Quick increase Figure 4: Quarterly change in net profit margin
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject