Qingdao Beers (600600.sh) incident assessment report. Qingdao Beers released its mid-term performance report for 2024 on 29 August 2024.
In mid-2024, a total of 4.63 million litres of Aoshima beer were sold (same as - 7.82 per cent), of which the main brand/other brand sales were 264.2 million, respectively.
The competitive advantages of corporate branding, channel and product power are evident, and structural upgrading has been achieved in a fiercely competitive environment, with a one-on-one rise in tonnage; but, with weak end demand, sales have declined, delaying performance.
1 Qingdao Beer (600,600): A rise in the gross sales margin and a steady increase in the high end 3 , Aoshima Beer (60000): 100 years of age
2023-12-11 Macroeconomic downside risks, under-sales during the season, increased risks of raw materials,
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The short- and medium-term potential is captured in the short-term; the hard work of thinking about the white wine plate, the deep-seated thinking and insight into the Sou wine is a sub-high-end white wine and soft-drink plate.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, or because of specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.