Actively preparing for sale in the season and improving sales in the second half of the year.
Investment rating: superior to the city (maintenance) Zhang announced to Wei Wei that on 28 June 2024, Qingdao Beers convened the annual Shareholder Conference 2023.
(a) Anticipated sales in the first half of the year and current corporate efforts to actively fill the sales gap; (b) expected continued improvement in the product structure during the first half of the year, with the average annual sales price expected to continue to rise; (c) sales cost inputs or increases throughout the year, without changing the profit-generating upward trend; and (d) expected corporate dividends to maintain a long-term upward trend. Given weak consumer demand in the second quarter, adverse weather increases
Stable growth, rising red rates of equity returns, and the company's long-term investment value, which is still strongly supported, is currently undervalued, maintaining “better than expected sales in the first half of the year, which will be actively filled in the second half of the year.
In the second half of last year, in view of the low base, sales are expected to pick up at the same rate in the second half of the year and continue to be filled. In the first half of the year, medium- and high-end products also have growth pressures in the face of a decline in total sales. But medium- and low-end products contract faster, the product structure remains optimal, sales are still on the increase.
Meanwhile, companies maintain a new pace of product upgrading in high-end segmented markets, with new high-end products such as Augusta 6, Nikashi and the growth of high-end old Qingjia white beak this year, all contributing to the overall upgrading of the product structure. Moreover, as the beer industry is currently under pressure to reduce sales of low-end products, the company’s product structure enjoys a certain degree of passive upgrading.
This year’s savings in raw materials opened up space for companies’ cost inputs. Companies have locked prices for barley and aluminium at the beginning of the year, and the cost of barley is certain.
Fine, the cost of aluminium is stable, and the cost of bottling and paper boxes is flat or falling, so the combined cost is highly certain. The modest increase in the cost of investment will not change the trend of increasing profitability in the context of structural upgrading and cost reduction.
In the last two years, the company has been running a series of high-end capital spending projects, such as building high-yield capacity, moving factories, and upgrading capacity, with capital spending at a relatively high level. According to the company’s plan, the need to build new capacity in the future has decreased, and capital spending projects are mainly to maintain up-to-date stock capacity, so the amount of corporate capital spending is expected to decline significantly after 2026.
Investment proposals: Paying attention to the value of long-term investments, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating for three quarters will be the key period for the company's performance throughout the year, with recent warming in the north, positive corporate savings and sales likely to improve in three quarters. From a medium- and long-term perspective, the upgrading of the company's product structure supports a steady and sustained increase in profits, an increase in the red rate to enhance shareholder returns, and the company's long-term prospects.
Investment values remain strong, with current low valuations maintaining a “better than the big market” rating. Macroeconomic growth is expected to slow; demand for beer at the mid-to-high end is not growing as expected; corporate access to core products is not expanding as expected; and competition in the industry is intensifying: costs are expected to rise faster.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject