Q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2
Low, but disturbed by the rain and weather in some parts of the country and weak recovery in demand for meals, the raw material cost dividend, such as barley, was released as a result of countermeasures, leading companies to grow their profits in the second quarter of this year. 2024q2, the company achieved a net return profit of 2,044 million yuan, an increase of 3.55 per cent.
In the first half of the year, there was a steady rise in the price of the company’s output in tons. In volume terms, the sales of 2024h1 company products were 4.63 million litres, a decline of 1896,000 litres, or 4.00 per cent. In terms of prices, public prices were lower.
In the course of its development, the Division has accelerated the development of a portfolio of products called "1+1+1+2+n" of the Qingdao Island beer master brand, actively working on product structural upgrading, with the development of new products such as Nica Shibaki, All-Méagote a6 and Augusta 3, and the steady advancement of the high-end process in the first half of the year.
Companies have increased their profitability by 2024q2. As the pressure on raw materials, such as barley and glass, has slowed down. On the cost side, the sales/management costs of 2024q2 companies are 17 and 15 times higher, respectively. As a leader in the beer industry, the company's product structure has been optimized.
The strategy is clear, the high-end strategy is ongoing. Complacing the firm’s cost pressures is expected to slow and expect a follow-up table. Maintaining the “buy-in” rating of the company.
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.