Qingdao beer (600600) food beverages.
In terms of volume, 24q2 companies achieved sales of 24.46 million tons of beer, a decrease of 8 per cent in the same amount; the weight of the sales load was mainly the result of a high base effect during the same period last year.
The main brand achieved sales of 1288,000 tons, compared to 8.7 per cent, of which 936 million, corresponding to 5.5 per cent, were sold at the mid- and high-end beverages; and 1.16 million, corresponding to 7.3 per cent, were sold at the same price, with the company ' s total tonnage of 0.9 per cent to 4055 tons, owing to the structural upgrading of the product as a result of the need to restore the overall beer.
• The cost-side has improved continuously and the Māori rate has risen significantly. 24q2 Māori is 42.8%, an increase of 2.7 pp; yuan/tonne over the same period. In terms of cost rates, 24q1 sales cost ranged from +0.4 pp to 8.7%, with major companies increasing stock management in the second half of the year and looking forward to the deployment of young people. 1) At the end of the product, “1+1+1+2+n”
In the first half of the year, companies introduced new products such as Nica Shibaki, Augusta 6/a3, which continue to meet consumer diversity and individualization needs. Moreover, the structural upgrading path from the low-end mountain to the middle-end classic will remain an important engine for overall ton price increases.
Companies will accelerate the “one-way” strategy of market-building and layout, continue to strengthen market promotion and deepen market marketing networks, and consolidate and increase their dominance in the base market and their presence in emerging markets.) In the second half of the year, companies are expected to strengthen the regulatory management of pipelines and de-stocking.)
The sales are expected to be partially covered in the second half of the year; but with the continued release of the cost-end dividend, the overall profits are expected to grow steadily. The company’s performance is expected to continue to grow with light-loading starting next year.
2. Qingdao beer (600,600): High-end upgrades Qingdao beer (600,600): short-term pressure on sales of q3 No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.