China Shipping Shen Fei (600,760) first covered the business plan for the year, with a steady increase in profits - China Shen Fei (600,760) first covered report
A steady increase in profit margins and a continuous increase in efficiency gains with a rate of 0.01 per cent, a decrease of 0.02 percentage points in the same year, mainly due to reduced exhibition fees and disposal sub-company; 2) a 1.51 per cent decrease in management costs, a decrease of 0.10 percentage points in the same year, mainly for materials
In terms of the business plan, 42.38 per cent of the company's 24h1 operating income has been completed for the year (51,026 million yuan) and 42.93 per cent for the year's net profit (3,762 million yuan) has been steadily advanced.
Millions of yuan, representing a decrease of 56.0 per cent from the beginning of the year, mainly due to pre-receipt payments as products are sold and recognized in the current period, mainly as a result of the increase in cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of services.
The company’s net return profit rose from 878 million yuan to 3,307 million yuan a year. Aviation products are the company’s main product, ranging from 10.99%.
The company, as an important home for our aviation industry, is known as the “China Striker Cradle.” The company's main business is made of aviation products, the core of which is air defence equipment, and has been carrying out the development of our priority aviation defence equipment since its inception, together with our aviation defence equipment industry and national defence.
The company has responded positively to the Sustainable Development Track of the Aviation Industries Group, “Researching the Generations, Develop the Generations, Production the Generations of the Generations of the Generations of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year of the Year.”
The fc-31 fighter jets developed by the company have become the second country in the world to be able to develop two five-generation aircraft at the same time. 3) In keeping with the evolution of the future pattern of warfare, the company continues to promote the next generation of major fighters and drones.
The cost of R & D increased by 38.73 per cent over the same period, with a sustained increase in R & D investment directed towards the future, driven by user demand, active basic applied research, cutting-edge technological research, sustained promotion of core key technologies, R & D as a percentage of revenue from 0.92 per cent to 2.11 per cent, and companies continuing to advance research and development of new machines.
A technological breakthrough has been made, and core competitiveness has been continuously enhanced. 29% of the Division ' s total, and companies are at the forefront of the country ' s talent development and reserves.c 919 major suppliers embrace the needs of trillions of people in the market.
Shen is one of the major suppliers of the large national aircraftc919 and has been tasked with manufacturing the front of the aircraft, the apu hatch, the tailings, and engine hangers after project c919. The company is deeply involved in the design and production of models such as arj21 and an empty passengera220 and is also one of Boeing’s major suppliers in China, according to China.
The annual commercial flight market forecast (2022-2041) projects that we will receive 9284 passenger aircraft (21.9 per cent of the world ' s air traffic) over the next 20 years, with delivery value of $1.47 trillion (23 per cent of the world ' s total). Of these, 6288 single-way jet passenger aircraft, type C919, will be delivered, or nearly 70 per cent of the total over the past two decades.
China’s Shen Fei Co. Ltd. is one of the major modern aircraft manufacturing enterprises that gathers research, production, testing, testing, and service security, and one of the backbone companies of China’s Aviation Industries Group Ltd. will be installed in the future as air defense.
The company will be deeply involved in the risk of downstream demand fluctuations, the risk that market prices will lead to a decline in the Māori rate, and the pace of productive release less than expected, driven by the growing demand for continued emissions and the growth of the civil-air market in the country's aviation industry.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts