Mid 2024: The military's flagship profit promotion, 29/08/2024, Research Assistant Ko Jong-tae
The net profit from the return is 1.618 billion yuan, an increase of 8.39 per cent over the previous year. The company is facing a worldwide upgrading challenge in terms of equipment systems, industrial systems, capacity systems, etc.
At a time of new developments, efforts continued to accelerate science, technology and innovation and to deepen the implementation of low-cost sustainable development. R & D costs for companies in the first half of the year amounted to $568 million, an increase of 38.78 per cent over the same period, mainly because companies are actively pursuing basic applied research, cutting-edge technological research and sustaining it, driven by user demand.
▪ Successful completion of the Replenishment Unit and continued construction of a complete maintenance system: KAC signed the Replenishment Agreement on 23 April 2024 with Shen Fei, Shen Fei Entrepreneurship and the China Air Investment Fund for the Aviation Industry (with a limited partnership) and the National Industrial Investment Fund (NIIF) in Beijing, and acquired the Division in June of the current year
Obtaining the Registration Notice, by which time JAC had completed the business change booking for the Replenishment, and after the Replenishment was completed, Shenfeng China was still holding more than 51% of GLAC’s shareholdings. The Replenishment is incorporated into social capital to enable the company to better enhance its maintenance capacity.
Created, and continuously built, a maintenance system for the full life cycle of air defence equipment. ▪ Core AVDS strength, expected to improve rapidly: the company uses the development and manufacture of air defence equipment as its core business, the main products of which are aviation defence equipment and civil aviation production
In the face of serious research and production tasks, the company has a strategic and emerging industry, in digital smartshops, pulsating flexible production lines, and numbers, "Shen Flying in China" (600,760): 2023.
Substantial progress has been made in the application of key manufacturing technologies for vernacularization and intelligence, with a balanced level of production reaching a new high, the main product is in line with the construction needs of our strategic air force, and the company’s performance is expected to increase rapidly.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company's performance is as expected, based on the high military industry during the 1455s, and taking into account the company's long-chain status in the airline industry, we maintain our previous projections, which are expected to be public, Shen Flying in China (600,760): 3rd Quarterly 2023
Review: Performance is high, q3 is net profit for the mother, 40.16 per cent more than the year.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.