Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) current revenues of $90,495 million, an increase of 36.17 per cent over the same period, and net return to the mother of $2,898 million, an increase over the same period
• Q3 income increased on a year-on-year basis, with contract volume, Māori, net profit having a downward impact on performance in the first three quarters.
• Three major projects are well under way to ensure production by the end of the year, and the company nylon is next in the city. The company is building its own nylon-new materials, aerogel, and degradable plastics, three chemical materials.
It's going well. The 200,000-tonne/year-old Dysteron industrial demonstration facility in Jian Bo is expected to be operational by the end of 2021, the 100-day war organized by the company on September 14 to ensure that the department is ready for production, and the Acid device was completed on October 18th.
On 23 September, the company organized the “Mechanical completion of the 100-day start-up on 31 December 2000 and the commissioning of a pilot operation in February 2022.” On 18 October, the China Chemical Industries New Materials Industry Base project participated in a competition in the city of Quanzhou, Fujian Province.
It is proposed to invest $15 billion in projects such as 600,000 tonnes/year of epoxy propane, 900,000 tonnes/year of hydrogen peroxide, 200,000 tonnes/year of nylon 66, 100,000 tonnes/year of nylon 12, which will be built by the end of this year, with a value of $21 billion after completion.
The company will either look at the development of new nylon materials or explore planning for new nylon items in other regions, transform its own technology into industry, enhance its voice in the nylon industry, and create strong 1. Order/take-over growth, carbon sequestration and future.
● A rich technological reserve. New energy, electronic track, two-pronged deployment of “pure alkaline + phosphorus chemicals”. Pure alkaline: production of lithium carbonate and photovoltaic glass from essential positive materials of lithium ion batteries 2. Carbon neutral and solution provider 2021-08-
The current methods of production of pure alkalines can be divided into natural alkalines and chemical synthesis methods, of which the chemical synthesis methods can be divided into combined and amino alkalines. Globally, natural 3. orders have increased by the same amount, and strategic cooperation has won.
Pure alkaline is the dominant pure alkaline process with its unique advantages. Investment in natural alkaline pure, production and manufacturing costs are half lower, and have the environmental advantage of non-slag and waste liquids. Natural alkaline dominance in the pure alkaline industry is already overwhelming in the context of double carbon.
China ' s chemistry has extensive experience in the construction of natural, synthetic, pure-alkali projects. In 2018, the whole ball was built to operate the largest natural-alkali project in Turkey, the Kazan natural-alkali project in Turkey, in 2019, taking over the largest natural-alkali project in the world at that time, the American Pacific Natural-alkali project.
In April 2021, China began construction of a installation with an annual production capacity of 7.8 million tons of pure and 800,000 tons of small soda processing devices. According to the latest data, the total capacity of the country ' s total effective production of pure alkali was 32.31 million tons.
In the future, with the continued development of photovoltaics and new energy sources, China’s chemical, natural pure-alkali engineering technology will open up new growth poles. Phosphate: Phosphate as a basic chemical feedstock that can be used to produce phosphorus in agriculture and food.
In 2012, China’s chemical flag, the Five Rings, has developed a technology of semi-water-dual water phosphate devices to fill the domestic void, with low energy consumption, high phosphorus harvest, good quality of finished acids, good gypsum quality, low operating costs.
On September 2, 2020, the phosphorus project, which is currently the largest global phosphate project, was successfully implemented by the phosphorus semi-water-di-water-wet-water phosphate plant.
In addition, the phosphorus industry, based on the technology of phosphate, is gradually developing energy-efficient technologies for the development of chip-based materials.
Initiating a holistic technical solution to the problem of "triphosphorus". First, source reduction and promotion of the advanced phosphate green production process, the semi-water-dual water method, improving phosphorus collection and reducing phosphorus content in phosphorus gypsum. Second, recycling of phosphorus water soluble phosphorus in phosphorus gypsum slags, fixed by online modifications.
Soluble phosphorus, fluorine and organic matter in phosphorus gypsum, which adjusts its alkali degree to close to neutral and close to the sky. The phosphorus gypsum storage leachate index meets surface water standards, eliminates the safety and environmental risks of phosphorus gypsum from the ground floor and creates good protocols for large-scale combined use of phosphorus gypsum.
Third, through the resourceization of phosphorus-containing water, phosphorus is produced in low concentrations of phosphorus-containing water, soluble phosphorus is produced as a phosphate product, and water quality is raised to near-production and water-supply standards to improve economic efficiency while addressing environmental issues.
In the field of phosphorus-based industrial development chip materials: on 17 March 2021, the Five Rings signed a framework agreement with Hubei Development Group for cooperation on the e-Chemicals Special Area Products Project, which focuses on e-chemicals, and e-chemicals.
The development, closing and industrialization of electronic-grade special gases, electro-grade plating fluids and electronic-grade silicon materials is aimed at breaking through the problem of “cricket” domestic production of chips, which is the country's second and first special zone for electrochemicals in the central region.
In the future, technology and environmental solutions for phosphorus will be more widely applied in the context of the rapid development of new chip-based materials and increasing environmental protection. As a leading engineering company, the company has a strong technology base and a strong capacity to develop and innovate, not only in its tradition, but also in the field of phosphorus.
The chemical industry has accumulated a wealth of experience, and has also achieved autonomous research and development in natural alkalines, phosphorus, etc. In carbon neutrals and times, companies can, on the one hand, promote the industrialization of new materials, such as poe, pom, asa, and so on, to further refine the new material layout and develop more industrial plates.
On the other hand, with a variety of technological tools for carbon reduction, carbon sequestration and environmental development pathways for green phosphorous chemicals, companies are expected to become integrated service providers for carbon neutral solutions in the carbon age of the two-carbon age, growing less productive than expected, tightening chemical projects, and producing safely at the enterprise level.
International thesis, quoted over 600 times, applying for five national inventions patents; B.A., Tianjin University; 2 years of strategic planning experience, 5 years of chemical sellers; Contact: Wang Peng, M.A., B.A., 4 years of work experience at Tianjin University, as project investment assessment and market research; use of information on legal compliance; and production of this report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are publicly available in the market.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.