(b) Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) of 40,469 million yuan in new contracts signed by the company in the third quarter, a 27.7 per cent decline in comparison with the year
• The previous three-quarters contract type, which represented 93.2 per cent of the company's total new contract value, indicates that the chemical industry continues to enjoy a continuing climate, and that the value of the chemical industry continues to be higher.
The Division operates well as a top-class engineering firm with a comparison of company prices with the trend of 300 depths. The total number of newly signed contracts is $89,246 million, the largest of the companies, accounting for 51.7 per cent of the total number of new contracts, up from the same period in the previous year.
8028 million yuan, an increase of 9.9 per cent; total newly signed contracts for construction and construction contracts amounting to $71,509 million, representing an increase of 35.8 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, of which revenue increased by 15.7 per cent in the third quarter, a decline in the same period, mainly due to the first half of 2020 base.
The first and second quarters of 2021 saw a higher rate of increase. By order-to-income ratio, companies signed a new single amount/income of 2.3 in late 2020, and division orders in 2021 remained sufficient to guarantee the sustainability of subsequent revenues.
According to the company’s investors’ announcement, the company is building three new chemical materials projects: self-dividine nylon, new materials, aerosols, and degradable plastics.
Construction of 1 million tons of new nylon materials industry base, with a 200,000-ton/year self-dividine industrialization demonstration facility with an investment of approximately $10.5 billion in one phase expected to be operational by the end of 2021.
The degradable pbat project was built by the East China Sky Industry, with a phase of 100,000 tons/year pbat scheduled to be completed by December 31, 2021, and a pilot operation in February 2022.
The dollar is used for new nylon materials projects, $3 billion for repayment to banks, and $4 billion for other priority items.
In addition, other new materials of the company, such as polyolefin elastomers (poe), environmental catalysts, asa resins, 2. Order collection and a similar increase in strategic co-benefits Polyamide, flame retardant nylons, nylon 12, are also undergoing small-scale research and development, mid-test magnification, industrialization.
According to T.T. 3. Order orders, collection innovations, engineering, business openings, etc., T.T. and China have signed the Flexible Polyethylene Magnification Technology Development (Cooperative) Agreement.
In the same vein, co-investment is being made in the construction of a technology project for the elastic polyethylene magnification process. Poe represents the future development of the photovoltaic film and is excellent in nature, but poe is a new material in the country's “crystal necks” and downstream applications are in urgent need of supply release. China's chemical trials are accelerating, and it is hoped to achieve the Poe industry earlier.
China’s chemistry has been active for many years in the area of lng. On 21 December 2020, the Five Rings signed a contract with the company epc for the installation of a gas-spill storage site in Jiangsujia.
On August 2021, the project to expand the 5#200,000 m3lng storage tank project was successfully launched by Guangdong, the main contractor of the Five Rings. In August 2021, the project was successfully completed in five ways.
In addition, the company focuses on the concept of carbon reduction at source, process carbon reduction, and tail carbon sequestration on the one hand, and stocks on the other.
Chemical petrochemical projects carry out research on carbon abatement, carbon reduction and green upgrading technologies such as advanced pure-alkali technologies, efficient low-energy consumption synthetic urea technologies, high-efficiency energy-saving technologies such as the use of residual heat for the rise pipe/dry-out residual heat use, and, on the other hand, use of carbon-cycle processes for incremental projects such as the efficient electrolysis of hydrogen.
Polytechnics, clean gas coupling hydrogen technologies, polycarbonate (ppc) based on carbon dioxide and epoxy propane, and the National Model Engineering Project for Carbon Catch at the National Largest Coal-fired Power Plants, China ccus (Carbon Capture, Use and Sequestering), which continues to improve carbon emission reduction, carbon neutrality and research techniques.
In carbon neutralization, the company is committed to becoming the optimal, low-carbon integrated solution that delivers lower-than-expected energy, tightens chemical project clearance, safe business production, etc. International papers, cited more than 600 times and applied for five national invention patents; B.A., University of Tianjin; 2 years of strategic planning experience, 5 years of chemical sellers, etc.
Contact person: Wang Peng, Master of Chemistry, Bachelor of Applied Chemistry, University of Tianjin, four years of experience in energy chemical engineering, many years of experience in project investment assessment and market research, use of legally compliant information, independent and objective production of this report, data and information used in this report from open information in the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these information, and without any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.