商业贸易
小商品城 (600415)
评级:
强化内外贸枢纽地位，平台规模经济推动经营向好
日期:
事件描述
2024 年 12 月底，国家发展改革委印发《浙江省义乌市深化国际贸易 综合改
革总体方案》(以下简称《方案》)。同日,小商品城发布落实该方案的公告。
: hexiaomin@w kzq.com.cn
事件点评
内容简介:加强对外开放,改善营商环境。1)完善商贸标准,推动内外贸一
体化发展。《方案》 指出，完善市场采购贸易方式，实行市场采购组货人制 度，
优化商品进出口监管流程,做到效率与安全兼顾。同时完善区域协同,境内外
联动的现代化商贸物流体系建设。2)创新数字化发展,服务中小企业。《方
案》 从土地要素供给方式、金融领域等方面提出改革举措，鼓励先租 后让、租
让结合的土地供给方式,同时创新担保模式,完善普惠供应链金融服务,减少
中小企业的拿地成本和融资难度。3) 优化地方行政管理,促进人才吸引及培
育。《方案》指出，严禁行政管理机关超权限监管，营造保护企业家权益的良
好营商环境。人才吸引方面，鼓励校企共建，中外合作等创新模式，完善高校
毕业生及归国留学生工作及创业环境，提高境外投资者在华工作的生活便利
程度，包括引入国际医保等。
发展机遇:完善服贸生态建设,打造内外贸平台枢纽。1)进口业务环境优化,
营收预计持续增长。《方案》指出，支持进口业务创新发展，完善进口 商 品检
相关研究
测认证体系以及国外检测报告的采信力度。 小商品城的自营商品销售平 台爱
▶ 《24Q3 点评: Yiwu Pay 交易额高增 整体数
喜猫 (ICMALL),主要集合进口商品进行销售。2023年度,该项业务营收占
据亮点纷呈》(2024/10/16)
主营业务收入的62.11%,成为其营收增长的主要驱动力。此外,义乌市出口
▶ 《24H1 点评:稳健优绩 引领商贸领域迈向
额占进出口总额的比例接近 90%，说明进口业务存在巨大发展潜力。 随着对
新质生产力》(2024/8/21)
进口业务的支持力度增加，小商品城未来营收表现值得期待。2)完善现代化
《2023 年年报及 2024 年一季报点评主营业
物流体系建设，数字化仓储服务发挥优势。《方案》指出，义务商贸物流体系
务 持 续 增 长 ， 线 上 第 二 曲 线 渐 入 佳 境 》
要朝着陆、海、空多港联运、长三角地区协同方向建设，同时提到推动中欧班
(2024/4/22)
列数字化和“一带一路”沿线合作,这些都对商品仓储及物流的数字化水平有
▶ 《传统业务稳中有增 顺势转型佳音可期》
较高要求。小商品城旗下拥有 chinagoods 共享云仓、后宅仓储园、环 球义达
(2024/1/30)
供应链产业园三个数字化仓储服务系统，有利于将义乌打造成为内外贸物流
体系中的高效枢纽。chinagoods 平台 2024 年第三季度 GMV 超 608 亿元,
同比超+16%。3) 创新金融普惠模式，赋能中小企业发展。《方案》指出，深
化金融领域改革，优化面向中小企业的普惠金融服务，创新多元化担保模式。
小商品城旗下义支付(Yiwu Pay)为商户提供便捷、安全的跨境支付业务。
2024 年 1-9 月，义支付新增跨境支付业务交易额超 200 亿人民币， 同比超
+770%。同时旗下商城保理以受让应收账款为主,为中小企业提供多样化融
资及担保业务,减轻注册商户的经营压力。
随着规模经济的形成，小商品城 2024 年 1-9 月主营业务收入超 106 亿元,
同比+34%, 营业利润 29.59 亿元, 同比+8.83%。
1. 消费尚未完全恢复，或对商贸市场需求端造成影响; 2. 国际局势不稳定性或对出口造成影响。
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
消费尚未完全恢复,或对商贸市场需求端造成影响;
2. 国际局势不稳定性或对出口造成影响。
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
主要财务指标
财务报表及指标预测
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
规渠道；（ii）本报告分析逻辑基于作者的职业理解，并清晰准确地反映了作者的研究观点；（iii）本报告结论不受任何第三方的授意或影响；（iv）
不存在任何利益冲突; (v) 英文版翻译若与中文版有所歧义,以中文版报告为准;特此声明。
一般声明
五矿证券有限公司（以下简称“本公司”）具有中国证监会批复的证券投资咨询业务资格。本公司不会因接收人收到本报告即视其为客户，本报告仅在
相关法律许可的情况下发放，并仅为提供信息而发放，概不构成任何广告。本报告的版权仅为本公司所有，未经本公司书面许可，任何机构和个人不
机构（以下简称“该机构”）发送本报告，则由该机构独自为此发送行为负责。
本报告所载的资料、意见及推测仅反映本公司于发布本报告当日的判断，本报告所指的证券或投资标的的价格、价值及投资收入或将产生波动；在不
同时期，本公司可发出与本报告所载资料、意见及推测不一致的报告；本公司不保证本报告所含信息保持在最新状态。同时，本公司对本报告所含信
息可在不发出通知的情形下做出修改，投资者应当自行关注相应的更新或修改。
何保证，也不保证所包含信息和建议不发生任何变更。本公司已力求报告内容的客观、公正，但文中的观点、结论和建议仅供参考，不包含作者对证
券价格涨跌或市场走势的确定性判断。在任何情况下，报告中的信息或意见不构成对任何人的投资建议，投资者据此做出的任何投资决策与本公司和
作者无关。在任何情况下，本公司、本公司员工或者关联机构不承诺投资者一定获利，不与投资者分享投资收益，也不对任何人因使用本报告中的任
何内容所引致的任何损失负任何责任。本公司及作者在自身所知情范围内，与本报告中所评价或推荐的证券不存在法律法规要求披露或采取限制、静
默措施的利益冲突。
五矿证券版权所有。保留一切权利。
特别声明
在法律许可的情况下，五矿证券可能会持有本报告中提及公司所发行的证券并进行交易，也可能为这些公司提供或争取提供投资银行、财务顾问和金
融产品等各种金融服务。因此，投资者应当考虑到五矿证券及/或其相关人员可能存在影响本报告观点客观性的潜在利益冲突，投资者请勿将本报告
视为投资或其他决定的唯一参考依据。
联系我们
震旦国际大厦 30 楼
大厦 23 层
C 座 3F
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
Analyst Certification
The research analyst is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part. The analyst has the Securities Investment Advisory
Certification granted by the Securities Association of China. Besides, the analyst independently and objectively issues this report holding a diligent
attitude. We hereby declare that (1) all the data used herein is gathered from legitimate sources; (2) the research is based on analyst's professional
understanding, and accurately reflects his/her views; (3) the analyst has not been placed under any undue influence or intervention from a third
party in compiling this report; (4) there is no conflict of interest; (5) in case of ambiguity due to the translation of the report, the original version in
Chinese shall prevail.
Investment Rating Definitions
General Disclaimer
Minmetals Securities Co., Ltd. (or "the company") is licensed to carry on securities investment advisory business by the China Securities Regulatory
Commission. The Company will not deem any person as its client notwithstanding his/her receipt of this report. The report is issued only under
permit of relevant laws and regulations, solely for the purpose of providing information. The report should not be used or considered as an offer or
the solicitation of an offer to sell, buy or subscribe for securities or other financial instruments. The information presented in the report is under the
copyright of the company. Without the written permission of the company, none of the institutions or individuals shall duplicate, copy, or redistribute
any part of this report, in any form to any other institutions or individuals. The party who quotes the report should contact the company directly to
request permission, specify the source as Equity Research Department of Minmetals Securities, and should not make any change to the information
in a manner contrary to the original intention. The party who re-publishes or forwards the research report or part of the report shall indicate the
issuer, the date of issue, and the risk of using the report. Otherwise, the company will reserve its right to taking legal action. If any other institution
(or "this institution") redistributes this report, this institution will be solely responsible for its redistribution. The information, opinions, and inferences
herein only reflect the judgment of the company on the date of issue. Prices, values as well as the returns of securities or the underlying assets
herein may fluctuate. At different periods, the company may issue reports with inconsistent information, opinions, and inferences, and does not
guarantee the information contained herein is kept up to date. Meanw hile, the information contained herein is subject to change without any prior
notice. Investors should pay attention to the updates or modifications. The analyst wrote the report based on principles of independence, objectivity,
fairness, and prudence. Information contained herein was obtained from publicly available sources. However, the company makes no warranty of
accuracy or completeness of information, and does not guarantee the information and recommendations contained do not change. The company
strives to be objective and fair in the report's content. However, opinions, conclusions, and recommendations herein are only for reference, and do
not contain any certain judgments about the changes in the stock price or the market. Under no circumstance shall the information contained or
opinions expressed herein form investment recommendations to anyone. The company or analysts have no responsibility for any investment
decision based on this report. Neither the company, nor its employees, or affiliates shall guarantee any certain return, share any profits with
investors, and be liable to any investors for any losses caused by use of the content herein. The company and its analysts, to the extent of their
aw areness, have no conflict of interest which is required to be disclosed, or taken restrictive or silent measures by the law s with the stock evaluated
or recommended in this report.
Minmetals Securities Co. Ltd. 2019. All rights reserved.
Special Disclaimer
Permitted by law s. Minmetals Securities Co., Ltd. may hold and trade the securities of companies mentioned herein, and may provide or seek to
provide investment banking, financial consulting, financial products, and other financial services for these companies. Therefore, investors should
be aw are that Minmetals Securities Co., Ltd. or other related parties may have potential conflicts of interest which may affect the objectivity of the
report. Investors should not make investment decisions solely based on this report.
Contact us
Shanghai
Shenzhen
Address: 30/F, Zhendan International
Address: 23F, Minmetals Financial Center,
Building, No.99 Fucheng Road, Lujiazui
3165 Binhai Avenue, Nanshan District,
ChaoyangmenNorth Street, Dongcheng
District, Beijing
Street, Pudong New District, Shanghai
Shenzhen