An analysis of the retail characteristics of the Brethren Bank, the depth of the Brethren Bank report, October 20th, 2020.
Markets that have a significant low valuation effect on retail transformation are generally concerned about the company's “banking plus investment” strategy, and there is a lack of awareness of the bright spots of retail transformation. Focusing on retailing, this paper attempts to fill this logical picture.
• The value of personal loans has risen, credit card development has opened up a wide range of opportunities for companies to make a parallel retail transition from the two ends of the asset and liability, with credit cards and personal business loans growing rapidly driving individuals
The credit card business is expected to continue its transformation as a growth “engine” for retail retail purposes in the future, given the broad scope for credit card business development, the company’s strong wind control and access capabilities in the business, and its active deployment. The capital management business base is strong, and future trends are clear.
Compared with the trend of deep 300, the Unit is increasingly competing with its clients, and the company has shifted its strategic focus to private business. Private customers are rising, aum is growing at an accelerated rate, households are growing at a clear pace, and the potential of their clients is expected to be further exploited.
With the winding down of non-standard pressure inside and outside the surface, companies are expected to benefit from increased proactive management and specialization of their subsidiaries in accounting. Quality of assets leads, and long-term improvements are expected to continue.
Companies have managed to withstand the impact of the epidemic, with low rates of re-innovation and concern, a significant increase in the provision coverage against the market, and strong asset-quality advantages. As the negative impact of deferred debt service policies has weakened, there have been signs of improvement in the quality of credit card assets, investment in public loans continues to be optimized and speeded up, and the allocation of non-valued assets is more adequate, and future negative rates are expected to continue to decline.
• Optimizing the structure of interest-bearing liabilities, showing increases in the value of deposits, less room for short-term recovery of market interest rates, with limited negative impact on the cost of active liabilities; continuing downs over the long term, with a strong focus on positive aspects. At the same time, companies are working to optimize the structure of interest-bearing liabilities and to reduce cost-intensive structural deposits.
In the short term, the firm’s fundamentals are stable and positive. In the long run, the firm is determined to follow a less capitalized path, with a strong retail shift effect, and a strong asset quality and indebtedness advantage. We predict that the company’s net return profits grew faster than expected in 2020-2022. Economic recovery has fallen short of expectations: retail transformation and investment operations have not advanced as expected: debt restructuring has been slow.
1. Episode Bank (601166): double-digit re-emerging ppop Growth and overall improvement in asset quality
In the short term, the company’s fundamentals are impressive: first half of the year’s revenue and the ppp upturn, re-emerging double-digit growth; strong negative restructuring, savings growth and counter-market improvements in asset quality: companies are actively promoting a light capitalization transition, with capital at a reasonable level and external capital at a higher level.
In the long run, markets are generally concerned about the company’s “bank-plus” strategy, but they are less aware of the effects of retail transformation. Focusing on the company’s highlights in the retail transition, this paper seeks to provide investors with a more comprehensive picture of the company’s performance.
The second is that the management business is driven by private clients, by retail wealth, with a solid channel base, non-bidding, and a clear future. The third is that the asset quality industry leads the way, improving the frequency of signals. The fourth is that the cost rate of interest-bearing liabilities is short-term, with limited pressure and clear long-term advantages. Moreover, the company’s current valuation is at a historically low level, and it is likely that the value will be restored.
(i) Retail transformation has had a significant impact, with individual loan volumes rising,1 retail line receipts increasing rapidly, with surges in retail line operating net revenue growing faster. Commercial banks combine retail operations with profitability stability and capital savings, with the following:
In the first half of 2020, net revenues from retail banking increased by $32.317 billion, or 29.68 per cent, compared to the previous year’s full year’s increase of 1.38 pct, which had remained at over 25 per cent for two consecutive years and accelerated for three consecutive years.
In the first half of 2020, for the first time, net corporate retail banking revenue as a percentage of total business income broke out, and net retail line operating income grew at a much higher rate than industry averages. Horizontally, the same rate of revenue growth in corporate retail banking increased at the same rate as in the first half of the year. The country’s registered banks rose significantly from 6th in 2015 to 2nd in the first half of the current year.
At the same time, the company retail lines are growing at the same speed as the average national listed banks, with the difference between the two-way capital structure optimized in 2015 and the volume of individual loans increased. At the asset end of the spectrum, there is a strong competition for public services, while retail operations have a wide space to move forward.
Retail transformation helps banks to create a differentiated development path that is conducive to scale-up. At the same time, banks have a higher bargaining power over retail customers than they are vis-à-vis public customers, and retail transformation helps to raise overall rates of return.
The capital structure is optimized in both directions. The emerging banks invest in optimizing the asset-liability structure, with a particularly significant asset-end transformation effect.
Credit cards and individual loans drive the volume of individual loans up. Individual loans in companies consist mainly of individual housing and commercial housing loans, credit cards and individual operating loans. Credit cards and individual operating loans have been growing at a higher rate than in individual housing and commercial housing loans since 2018, and are two points of growth in individual loans.
Individualized loans have a relatively high rate of return, and structural excellence has led to a sustained increase in individual lending returns, while keeping the size of individual loans growing at a faster double-digit rate. Even in the context of a generally lower rate of return on bank loans in the first half of this year, the company’s accumulated average rate of return on individual loans rose from 17bp to 4.95% in 2019, and still appears to be “in full measure” than the reverse market in 2019.
Figure 10: The ratio of individual lending to credit card loans of the Employing Bank has risen,3 positive marketing advantages, credit card development has wide scope, and it is expected that it will continue to be the driving force of the company’s retail transformation. First, we propose to strengthen the economy.
In the internal cycle, a series of consumption stimulus policies have been introduced and are still expected to boost consumption demand. Second, the epidemic has pushed the population to move consumption habits further down the line, creating conditions for increasing the penetration of consumer loans. In January-August, the share of merchandise retail sales in the net was 3.90 to 24.60% higher than in 2019.
In addition, there is still a large gap between our credit card holdings per capita and those of developed countries. As economic development, national income, and urbanization continue to advance in the future, an increase in the number of people eligible for credit card issuance will open up further the scope for credit card development.
In the first half of this year, credit card operations in the banking sector as a whole were hit by the epidemic. On the one hand, the population’s willingness to consume is low, the use of cards is declining, and the demand for credit card loans and transactions is decreasing.
In contrast, the credit card operations of the booming banks expand rapidly while maintaining sound asset quality, fully reflecting the strong risk-control capabilities of corporate credit card operations and the ability of clients to access credit cards.
In terms of asset quality, corporate credit card failures of 2.01% at the end of the second quarter of this year are lower than the average of 34bp in the 12 nationally listed banks for which data have been disclosed.
In terms of size, the credit card receivables of companies increased by 23.72 per cent in the first half of the year, ranking first in the national list (undisclosed) and far higher than the average of 4.86 per cent in the listed banks; cumulative issuances grew by 15.64 per cent in the same year, far above the same rate of 6.33 per cent in the bank credit card and loan combination; cumulative transactions grew by 19.78 per cent in the same year.
From a corporate strategy, in recent years, the company has made “light capital” a strategic priority, driven by the rapid development of credit card operations to facilitate the transition from inward to retail. From a letter-and-card business layout, the company has changed its business concept in recent years, from a broad perspective of “pass, live, stay-at-home” to clientele.
At the point of acquisition, companies use big data technology to select high-quality customers, build internal teams, optimize verticalization of total synergies, matrix management systems, and actively engage outside the community with boxers, Suningai, Suning shop, hungry people, mouthstones, etc., drink, buy platforms, and market the scene.
In the case of live visitors, given the shift to online credit card cut-off positions affected by the epidemic, the company has put on line a key-string card function in mobile banks, “good cheering” apps to support the payment of cash treasures, and popular app fast-track cards such as Kyundong, which, by the end of June, had increased by nearly 20 per cent over the same six months.
In the guest chain, companies focus on prevention, increasing customer stickyness through data-driven, precision-marketing, and stratification. The future company will accelerate the integration of online and offline channels, the development of “good” credit card platforms, the enhancement of data introduction, integration and excavation.
(ii) The business base of management is solid, the future is clear, the client business is private, and the refined effects are beginning to appear. Private banks are a strategic high ground for competition among bank customers.
Banks have a relatively high level of specialization in financial products and services, providing more personalized products. Private banks are at the top of the pyramid of the financial services sector, characterized by a small client base, a non-standardized financial product, and a high level of professionalism, which is the strategic height of banks’ future customer competition.
Prior to 2017, private banks in the business sector played a “double role” in both the product and customer sectors. They operated at the core of “advisory-driven” work.
In 2017, the company dramatically reformed private banks to define their “customer relationship management sector” and to promote the concept of “advisory-driven + asset allocation” and the implementation of their operations. In 2018, the company upgraded the business thinking of private banks to “different product strategies + distinctive value-added services + professional consultancy driven”, further developed in 2019.
As the high-end system of services continues to improve, the benefits of fine-tuning private banking have become apparent: the number of customers and the rapid growth of aum and the increasing size of the household aum. The effect of the transformation has been immediate, with the growth of private clients.
In 2017 and earlier, the expansion of the size of individual clients was largely dependent on the growth in the size of ordinary clients. As companies became more explicit about their location and how to adapt their business concepts, the rate of growth of private clients jumped from 13.39 per cent in 2017 to 33 per cent in 2018.
Since then, it has been higher than the same rate of growth for individual clients, and it has been the main driving force behind the growth in the size of individual clients.
People’s clients (including credit cards) are at the same rate of 18.42 pct, and the difference in speed is second among the six national banks that have disclosed data, and the effect of the transition to private business is even more pronounced. The rapid growth of private customers has led to a new and historic increase in the size of retail customers.
The company’s individual clients, aum and the private sector, are in the forefront of the industry at accelerated upscaling. The company’s personal customers, aum and aum, have reached the middle level of the listed stock bank, and are ranked second in the country’s listed banks at the rate of disclosure, showing a still ten-fold performance. Given the impact of the epidemic on the banking sector as a whole in the first half of the year, the expansion of the aum was constrained by the epidemic’s improvement in the second half of the year.
Private households continue to grow in size, with their potential to reach out. Deepening customer demand and increasing household aum is an effective way to increase overall aum, and is an external expression of the effectiveness of client operations and increased customer stickyness.
By the end of the second quarter of this year, the company’s private-sector clients had increased aum for two consecutive years, with 6.96% in the second place in a comparable stock bank and third in the country’s listed banks. As the company expands its demand for stock customers, the potential of stock customers will be further released.
Contribution, together, will contribute to the flourishing of corporate financial services.2 Sales channels are rich and open, and sales revenue increases sharp and sales channels are rich and sales revenue increases high.
In terms of marketing channels, the Department has a leading industry trade channel, the Silver Platform, and retail wealth management operations are the driving force for the future. Overall, in the first half of the year, corporate agency fees were 2,629 million yuan, an increase of 62.48 per cent, a significant increase of 40.05 ptt in 2019.
By the end of the second season, the company’s retail wealth combined financial assets grew by 20.16% to 1.55 trillion yuan, up by 4.53 pct in 2019.
At the same time as the model expands, profitability has increased considerably. In 2020h1, the revenue from retail wealth intermediates increased by 46.37% to $4.274 billion on a year-on-year basis, a significant increase of 24.42 pct over the year 2019, which was higher than the average of 28.36% of the company as a whole in the first half of the year.
The silver platform is a home-grown and cooperative financial brand with strong industry leadership. By the end of the second quarter of 2020, the company platform had joined 2104 corporate bodies.
Business cooperation, focusing on the needs of small financial institutions in the areas of payment settlements, wealth management, institutional investment transactions, cross-border finance, and money-granting. The company's “rich cloud” finance and sales operations have accumulated cooperation with 18 provincial associations; the “Institutional Investment Exchange” registered 1603 clients of financial counterparts; in addition, the company has set up an umbrella fund for finance, funds and insurance sales.
The Internet wealth management platform for wealth management operations, such as metal trading, “Money Masters”, has accumulated 59 cooperative banks with a total of 1.6586 million clients, representing an increase of more than 76% in the last three years.
3. The pace of specialization of the subsidiary is expected to increase. The non-target assets in the bank table are mostly tied to self-financing, and the disposal pressure is significantly reduced by 10.15% at the end of the year. As of the end of the second quarter of this year, the non-target share in the table had risen to 11.85%, with new matches.
The speed of asset growth exceeds the rate of stock asset pressure; accounting is zero, and the size of the off-the-shelf property is at the national level of listed banks, up from 2.34 pct to 10.19 per cent over the previous year, showing a side-by-side increase in the weight of the company's unmarked assets, the pace of which is faster, and the pressure at which the pressure is greatest has passed.
The net-value transformation has accelerated. Companies are moving forward with the net-value conversion of their property, with the net-valued product size increasing as a proportion of non-containable property size. Since the end of 2018, the net-value-based product ratio has risen by 65 bp, 5.71 pct, and 10.10 pct, respectively, to 66.06% by the end of the second quarter of 2020, with net-value levels at the top of the country’s listed banks.
It is expected that subsidiaries will become more specialized in managing their financial operations. The company has placed great emphasis on managing its operations. As early as 2012, the Asset Management Department was established to strengthen the integrated management of its financial operations. It has since then invested in the establishment of related subsidiaries, such as its capital management, consumer finance, funds, etc., to develop in conjunction with its banking operations.
In December 2019, the company's fully-owned subsidiaries became the third financial subsidiary to be run by a listed equity firm, providing full asset coverage, mainstream strategy, and the group's clients with the capital of $5 billion.
Team. With the more market-based operations of the financial subsidiary, the future is on track as the money booms, and the proactive management and specialization of the financial business is expected to increase. (iii) The asset quality industry leads, and long-term improvements are expected to continue.
1. The core indicators have improved across the board, asset-quality advantages have been consolidated, asset-quality weaknesses have been re-established at historical lows and asset-quality advantages have been consolidated. At the end of the two seasons, the corporate-level disadvantage rate was 1.47%, a decrease of 5bp from the end of the season, which has been lower than it has been for nearly four years.
By contrast, the quality of the company’s assets has improved against the market, and its performance has been impressive. In contrast, at the end of the second season, the negative rate of companies was at the lower level of national listing banks, with only slightly higher levels in the listings (1.40%) than in the listings (1.14%) and in the hiring banks, while the quality of assets has been further strengthened and the advantages of comparable companies have been consolidated.
The credit classification criteria are reasonable, and the interest rate is significantly lower than that of a colleague. In the second quarter, companies increased the recognition of non-performing loans, raising the annualized non-performing loan generation ratio by 17bp to 1.78%. The deviation of non-performing loans at the end of the second quarter (= three months overdue for loans/non-performing loans) was 85.75%, an increase of 7.10 pt from the end of the previous year.
The risk is manageable because the deviation of non-performing loans is comparable to the average of 81.39% of listed shares in the same period. The proportion of loans of interest to total loans (interest rate) is down for a long time.
The company increased its capacity to protect against risks by increasing the provision of coverage. The company increased its capacity to make provision by raising the cost of the two-year credit line by 94bp to 2.79%.
Newly high, at the top of the country’s listed banks; the increase in the company’s basket coverage was the highest in the country’s listed banks, much higher than the average increase in the country’s 47bp ring in the same period. At the same time, the negative impact of the extension of the debt service policy was reduced by a 12-bp to (1) loan increase in the company’s loan balance at the end of the second season.
Economic recovery will continue to reduce the risk level of extended loans. As the epidemic improves, our economy will continue to recover. September’s pmi ring has risen significantly by 50 bp to 51.5%, standing above the Line of Glory for seven months in a row, and has reached almost six months in a row. In September, industry returned to pre-epidemiological levels of 6.9% at the same rate of increase. The rate of increase has been maintained for seven months in a row.
The risk of extended loans continues to decrease as clients gradually repay their debt service. Looking ahead, the trend towards economic recovery in the country will continue, and the negative impact of deferred debt service policies will continue to diminish.
(2) Credit card failure rates are expected to improve, pressure from retail lending is reduced, retail lending is low, and credit card lending is the main risk point. From 2016 to 2018, retail lending rates for companies continued to decline with individual business loan risks.
The poor rate of residential and commercial housing loans is relatively stable, and the increase in retail failure is due mainly to the fact that credit card operations have followed the overall trend in the industry, but they are still low on the list. At the end of the season, retail lending was 0.99 per cent, and was only higher in the list than in the listing bank (0.81 per cent): the comparative advantage of the country’s listed banks is also low.
Corporate credit card control is strong, and asset quality is showing signs of improvement. First, the company has a relatively strong reputation for credit card operations. Credit card failure rate of 2.01% at the end of the season is the second lowest in the listings, and the negative rate is lower than the median increase in the listing lines at the end of the previous year, with 54bp being less than 69bp. Second, the company’s credit card acquisition capacity is higher.
In the first half of the year, corporate credit card operations continued to expand several times faster than the industry’s average. Moreover, the quality of credit card assets has shown signs of improvement as the risk of co-indebtedness has gradually become fully exposed and the epidemic has improved.
Slow down at the end of the season, bankers’ credit card failure rates go down. In the future, as the impact of the epidemic subsides, individual clients’ credit needs, repayment capacity and willingness to pay back, corporate credit card failure is expected to improve, retail lending is expected to decrease.
Optimizing investment and accelerating risk management, and continuing the downward trend in publicity. In controlling public credit risks, companies optimize lending, implementing a “protected, controlled, and pressured” differentiated credit award policy, with a greater focus on priority industries and business areas and regional niches; focusing on “main market, mainstream business” to protect against low- and medium-end market risks; and managing industrial upgrading.
In the first half of the year, companies maintained high pressure on asset quality control, increased disposal and write-off of non-performing loans, and continued to improve. According to estimates, corporate loans at the end of the quarter (excluding discounts) were poor.
On the one hand, we believe that the future public sector will continue to fall. On the other hand, we believe that the future public sector will continue to fall.
The Department ' s public non-performing lending is under little pressure: one company ' s public loans are mainly directed to low-risk industries such as capital and real estate, and the related sector ' s share of public loans at the end of the second quarter is about 54.93 per cent, the fourth largest on the list. 2 companies continue to optimize public lending, crushing the ratio of loans to high-risk sectors such as manufacturing and zero, and turning credit to low-risk sectors.3
Loans in this category consist mainly of public loans, whose share of total loans dropped significantly at the end of the second quarter compared to the end of the season and the end of the previous year, and are at the third lowest level in the country’s listed banks, representing a low and significant reduction in pressure on non-performing public loans. On the other hand, the banking sector as a whole will continue to increase the disposal and write-off of non-performing loans during the second half of this year, as required by the policy.
In combination with the two above, we assume that future corporate default rates on public loans are expected to continue down. Figure 50: Disadvantage rates such as the booming banking industry and the zeroing industry have dropped significantly (4) and the non-proprietary asset provision is adequate.
To measure the risk resilience of non-target assets, we consider the proportion of non-target asset-related items in the table that are prepared for impairment to the size of the non-target asset to be the “lending ratio of the unmarked asset”. It is estimated that, as of the end of the second quarter of this year, the corporate non-directed asset allocation was 2.96 per cent, which is very close to the company’s own 3.16 per cent loan allocation level.
There is sufficient risk resilience. Risk exposure pressures will be further reduced in the future as corporate stock of untied assets continues to fall. (iv) Interest-bearing liabilities are optimized, deposits show an increase or decrease in prices1 and short-term interest rate increases have limited impact and long-term relieving of liability pressures
At the end of the second quarter, the company’s active liabilities (mainly borrowing from central banks, depositing, disbursing funds, selling back and buying financial assets and paying for market interest rates) had little scope for short-term recovery, with limited negative impact on the cost of active debt. Since May, market interest rates have recovered and moved up the road. We believe that there will be little room for future market interest rates to go up and have a negative impact on the cost of corporate active debt.
The first is that, to date, market interest rates have largely returned to pre-epidemiological levels. The second is that other countries, in response to the impact of the epidemic on the economy, have adopted policies that have reduced interest rates significantly or maintained zero interest rates, negative interest rates, with quantitative easing. Monetary policy in the middle and the south has become more diverse and spread widely, and the renminbi will not be able to recover from trade in the future if it is faced with greater pressure to appreciate.
If the interest rate is too high to stimulate corporate investment and economic recovery, it will not help to boost the cost of financing. Given the relatively high share of corporate active debt, companies will face some cost pressures, but the pressure will be largely manageable, as the rise in market interest rates spread to the end of the debt.
The rate of growth is highly correlated, so while interest rates will fluctuate upwards and downwards in the short term as monetary policy tightens or eases, they will remain a long-term path. Corporate active indebtedness is relatively high and benefits more from falling interest rates in comparable markets. This advantage of companies has been well proven in history. Over the past five years, the cost of interest-bearing debt of booming banks has declined cumulatively by 67bp and by far by 67bp.
National listed banks are number one, higher than the average of 39bp. These observations are still valid as we take a long time to go. In 2010, and as a result of the continued marketization of interest rates and increased competition, national listed banks generally moved up the cost of their debt, with an average increase of 61bp. However, during this period, the cost of their interest-bearing debt rose by only 31bp.
In the future, as interest rates continue to be marketed, the pressure on the cost of corporate debt is expected to continue to benefit further from the downside of the corporate market rate.2 The interest-bearing liability structure is optimized and deposits are reduced.
Since 2017, the Department has continued to optimize the debt structure and, at the same time, to increase the acquisition of core liabilities with relatively low cost ratios while reducing active liabilities. Deposits have been growing faster and faster than interest-bearing liabilities during the same period.
The rate of increase in interest-bearing liabilities is 4.56 pct and 3.05 pct overall. The ratio of deposits to interest-bearing liabilities rises by 12.27 pct at the end of the year. There is much room for improvement in the future, as the ratio of bank deposits to interest-bearing liabilities is at the lowest level in the market.
In the first half of the year, the cost of bank deposits at the national level increased or decreased compared to the previous year, and the overall rate of bank deposits at the national level remained almost equal. During the same period, the cost of bank deposits at the booming level fell by 7bp. It performed better than the industry as a whole, largely benefiting from a sharp fall in the cost of company time deposits by 15bp. In particular, the lower cost of company time deposits was largely attributable to public returns.
The Division has accelerated the innovation of new structured deposit products along the corporate line by actively introducing new products that meet market expectations and crushing the cost of structural deposits. Second, given the type of deposits and the structure of their duration, as companies continue to move forward with retail transformation, it has invested in enhancing the capacity of clearing deposit expansion, with a relatively low cost of the average balance of personal and current deposits as a result of total deposits.
In the first half of this year, the average balance of personal and current deposits as a percentage of total deposits increased by 97 bp and 40 bp, respectively, compared to last year’s year. The trend towards improved deposit rates is expected to continue.
Since then, they have been faced with a “diminishing down” of prices. According to regulatory requirements, future structural deposits will remain on a downward trend. The cost of bank time deposits to both public and private banks is at the top of the country’s list, and there is much more room for pressure on the industry as a whole to reduce high-cost deposits, which is expected to benefit more.
At a moderate low level, with economic recovery, booming capital and real-estate investments, and rising business activity in the future, the size and share of the relatively low-cost current deposits are expected to rise further, thus reducing the pressure on the cost of deposits. In the short term, the company’s fundamentals are better.
The profit boom has been repaired, capital restructuring has been effective, reducing the downward pressure of interest differentials and mitigating the negative effects of the epidemic. The quality of assets has improved significantly, and the basics are robust.
In the long run, companies have a prominent role to play in retail transformation, capital management, asset quality, and indebtedness. First, retail transformation has a significant effect.
In the face of increasing competition from customers, companies have shifted their strategic focus to private firms. Private customers have jumped, aum has grown faster, households have grown at a clear pace, and client potential is expected to grow.
At the same time, the company’s sales channels are well established, and the retail wealth management business is growing at a sharp rate. As untagged pressures, both inside and outside the surface, ease, the active management capacity and specialization of subsidiaries to finance are increasing, and three of the companies are leading asset quality, with overall improvements in core indicators. Companies have succeeded in coping with the impact of the epidemic, poor rates and concerns.
Renovation is low, provision for coverage has increased against the market, and asset quality advantages have been consolidated. As the negative impact of deferred debt service policies has diminished, there have been signs of improvement in the quality of credit card assets, continued optimal investment and accelerated disposal of public loans, and the provision for non-target assets has been more adequate, it is expected that the negative rate will continue to decline in the future.
The fourth is the optimal structure of interest-bearing liabilities, with savings showing an improvement in value. Market interest rates have little scope for short-term recovery, with limited negative impacts on active debt outcomes; long-term downswings have been significant.
We make the following assumptions: the overall banking sector is under pressure at the bottom of interest differentials; two companies have greater room for optimization; and three first-and-a-half-year net interest differentials.
Promoting a higher level of proactive management capacity and specialization, and an increase in middle-level business income. Less pressure to generate money, good risk resilience, and 1.47% of the poor at the end of the second season.
There is room for valuation restoration. Maintenance of the “recommended” rating. Figure 65: Business bank pb-band 1 and recurrent overseas epidemics may affect exports to some extent, but the trend towards economic recovery in the country is clear.
In order to strengthen the internal cycle of the economy, it is hoped that more consumption incentives will be introduced in the future to boost domestic demand. Attention needs to be paid to the recurrent epidemic, the recovery of the economy, and the company’s continuing retail transformation, which is still expected to boost the volume of individual loans with credit card operations as growth points in the future; and to promote a rapid increase in revenue through private action and a strategic focus on retail wealth.
3. Interest rates have largely returned to pre-epidemiological levels, with little room for short-term interest rates to rise. Companies adjust their debt periods in a timely manner, optimize the structure of interest-bearing liabilities, press down high-cost structural deposits, and place very limited pressure on the cost of interest-bearing liabilities.
A summary of company financial statement data projections. Experiences related to leasing, private fund-raising, securities, and banking. Previous studies in finance, domestic electricity, and non-ferrous industries. Used to work in the Bank of China, joined in 2019. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,