The profit rate has increased significantly, and the net interest differentials have been re-innovated - a detailed reading of the Employer Bank's three-quarters report of 2020 - 30 October 2020
• Growth in revenue collection and pop double digits, with a significant increase in profit growth and a positive increase in net profit returns in the first three quarters of the year, which increased by 3.64 pct. mainly as a result of higher net interest differentials and slower rate of increase and allocation of the allowance, with negative effects mainly resulting from a rebound in market interest rates leading to a wave of fair value for tradable investments
Because companies have a strong market-based capacity to operate, transactional investments are mainly allocated to bonds and funds for the main purpose of obtaining interest rates and dividends (rather than price differentials), and we believe that the negative impact of short-term interest rate fluctuations is limited.
Compared with the trend of depth 300, the Unit has benefited from a significant improvement in the rate of cost of interest-bearing liabilities. With the temporary decline in the ratio of deposits to the current rate, we assume that the downside of the active liability rate is the main reason for the cost improvement. Corporate active liabilities are among the highest in the industry, with lower interest rates in the corporate market.
At the same time, due to policy requirements to deflate cost-intensive structural deposits, companies have relatively high time-deposit costs for depositing structural deposits, with greater scope for downward pressure, and are expected to benefit.
The negative rate ratio at the end of the three seasons was 1.47%, with a slight increase in the rate of concern of 2bp to 1.69%, all of which are on the national list, but the risk resistance is still strong. According to our calculations, the “loan ratio” of unmarked assets in the corporate chart is close to the level of the loan scale, sufficient to provide sufficient risk resilience and promising future development.
The company has a complete “1234” strategic system and maintains a two-way bond between the comptoirs and a balanced internal and external development. It is a matter of concern that the company continues to promote retail transformation, using credit cards as a growing “engine” for credit operations, using private clients to tap into the potential of its customers, and using retail wealth management as a catalyst for higher sales earnings.
In addition, the asset quality of the company's assets and the cost of its liabilities are high and capital is at a reasonable level. We look forward to asset quality fluctuations, lower interest rates and less than expected economic recovery.
2. Employing Bank (601166): double-digit re-emerging ppop Growth and overall improvement in asset quality
On 29 October, the company released its three-quarters report for 2020: net profit returns in the first three quarters fell by 5.53 per cent on a year-on-year basis, up from the first half of the year.
Up to 3.64 pct, which is the second largest share-stock company in the disclosed data and maintains a leading position; faster upscaling and slower growth in the provision of revenue and pops, respectively, with negative effects mainly due to fluctuations in the fair value of tradable investments due to a rebound in market interest rates. Taking into account the principal allocation of bonds and funds for traded investment by companies, the main objective is to obtain interest and dividends (rather than price differentials),
Real gains are not affected by temporary fluctuations in fair value, while firms have a strong market-based capacity to actively capture market opportunities arising from fluctuations in rates, and we believe that the negative impact of short-term fluctuations in interest rates is limited.2 Debt cost advantages are significant and net interest differentials are re-innovated.
The net interest margin ratio has risen upwards, up from almost four years old. The company ' s first three quarters net rate difference is estimated to be 1.61%, up from 6bp in the first half of the year, and has been on an upward trend for two consecutive quarters, the highest level in almost four years. The improvement in the net interest margin ratio has been largely due to improvements in end-of-debt costs, with 2.39% of interest-bearing liabilities in the first three quarters and a decrease of 6bp in the first half of the year.
At the same time, interest-bearing asset yields increased from 1 bp to 3.86% in the first half of the year and also contributed positively to the spread. At the end of the cycle, savings at relatively low cost were reduced by 2.21 pct at the end of the season as a result of a phased adjustment of the structure of the interest-bearing liability at the end of the three seasons, and the deposit rate decreased by 1.27 pct. We assume that the downside of the active liability cost rate is interest-bearing.
The main reason for the decline in the cost of indebtedness is that we think there is much room for a slowdown in corporate cost pressure: first, the ratio of active liabilities to the interest-bearing liabilities of companies is among the top banks on the list. Inter-business market interest rates, which have been moving since May, are now largely back to pre-epidemiological levels, there is little room for future upwards and limited negative impact on the cost side. Second, companies optimize interest-bearing liabilities over the long term.
Third, the tightening of regulations has led to high-cost structural deposits in the banking sector “drawing down in volume” since the second quarter of this year. Regulation requires that future structural deposits continue to depress the trend. As corporate structural deposits are mainly held under term deposits, the cost of term deposits is relatively high and there is much room for downward pressure.
At the end of the three season, loans with a relatively high rate of return on interest-bearing assets rose by 73bp to 51.14% compared to the end of the two seasons. As companies capture the trend of consumer consumption, the mortgage market recovery, they actively invest in each of them, using cards and operating loans as growth points to boost the growth rate of individual loans.
With a relatively high rate of gain in the demand for credit cards and consumer loans, companies are expected to seize the opportunities of retail transformation and maintain asset-end pricing capacity in the midst of intense market competition.3 The asset quality of assets leads by peers, with a flat margin.
Asset quality leads by partner, with a flat negative ratio. At the end of the three season, the negative rate ring was 1.47%, at its lowest level in nearly four years, and at the lower level of national listed banks; the concern rate was 1.69%, with a small 2bp increase in the ring, with an impact of high risk resilience and a strong quality lead. According to our in-depth report, The Profile,
As measured in the Retail Characteristics of the Hing Bank, the “loan ratio” of non-target assets in the company's chart is close to the loan allocation ratio, sufficient provision and sufficient risk-resilient capacity. We look forward to a firm future.
The company has a complete “1234” strategic system and maintains a two-way bond between the comptoirs and a balanced internal and external development. It is a matter of concern that the company's continuing retail transformation, using credit cards as a growing “engine” for credit operations, using private clients to tap into its clients' potential, and using retail wealth management as a force for generating higher income for sales, has achieved remarkable results.
In addition, the firm ' s assets are of sound quality and a strong lead; active liabilities out of interest-bearing liabilities are ahead of the industry, and cost pressures are expected to benefit from interest rate downs and structural optimization over the long term and to ease continuously. At the end of the three seasons, the firm ' s core level capital adequacy rate was 9.00 per cent, figure 11: Employing bank pb-band
1. Asset quality fluctuations; 2. Interest rate centre declines; 3. Economic recovery is not as successful as expected. Work experience involves leasing, private fund-raising, securities and banking.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,