Electronic group Release of draft equity incentive, building anai+end-of-end smart manufacturing platform
On 19 June, the company released a draft equity incentive to award equity options to the incentive audience of 238 million, or 3.3960 per cent of the total stock stock of the company on the date of the announcement of the draft incentive plan, to be awarded to a core cadre of 1,463 persons.
2. " Review of the performance of the intellectually inspired 23h1: performance over expectations, rapid business development in the new configuration " , 2023.7.13
Creates an ai+ terminal manufacturing platform for deep-benefit ali enabling intelligent hardware.
The Māori rate is 21.62 per cent, with higher revenues for zero components such as electricity, batteries, heat radiation, displays, cameras, medium frames, etc. Xr, folding screen phones, servers, robots, etc.
Ai reconstructs smart terminals interactively, and continues to benefit from large client ai innovation. Looking forward to the company’s future ai layout: 1) consumer electronics, where smart phones are expected to be held in chhatgpt, product innovation cycles, and i phones are upgraded in batteries, chargers, radiators, etc.
Facing electronics is the company’s core business, covering mobile phones, computers, ipads, and smart-to-use devices.
Optimize the product structure and increase the share of high value-added business, with large customers supporting a robust growth in performance. On innovative electronics, companies take on high-end ar/vr product-engaging structures, optical cores, and acoustics, both at home and abroad, by virtue of their manufacturing advantages.
In manufacturing, AppleVisionpro is expected to open up a space computing platform. 2) Large models, enabling human robots accelerate industrial penetration, and corporate full-time subsidiaries collaborate with Hanson on the optimization of human robot design, mass production testing, etc.)
Irrigation energy consumption requires evaporation upgrade of cloud servers, flat-level design of corporate products, high-efficiency heat transfer, remote heat transfer optimization, and heat evaporation requirements for servers, network switches.
Weak consumer electronic demand, underdevelopment of new products, exchange rate volatility risk, goodwill risk, equity freeze risk, litigation risk.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market