Pacific Car Strategy 2019.
Myrygood core recommends logic.
In the 21-year-old market, suv sales for 16-year-olds, the center of "a little progress every day."
Professionally focused, highly crafted: the country has been working for years, but the knife is still alive. Cultural genes continue to inject new blood into it.
More energy, more swords, more new stuff every year.
Promulgated, has been leading the market, and in more than 40 major areas of sales, great craftsmen have made high-value fine products, countries have branded them, and have made a joint venture with BMW.
The balance can be used to reach almost all target groups; the whole new f is known as the Manchurian car.
The column focuses on young, fashionable, intelligent, F7 is on the market, and it's off-site, semi-militarized management is extremely efficient, in the field of hydrogen fuel cells; and in the field of intelligent driving.
This is the first step in the cost-control industry in which we're building a new market; we're building a new market; and we're building a new market; we're building a new market; we're building a new market; we're building a new market; we're building a new market; we're building a new market; we're building a new market; we're building a new market; we're building a new market; we're running a new market; and we're running a new market.
China, the founder endorsed in his own name, and three products were wrong, competing, and the help brand was high-end. How is it clear that cars and mpv market shorts can be made up?
How do you grow when the suv market dividend disappears?
Suv is still hot and the Wall's share is not high, and the neglected pickup can be the next bright spot.
For more than 30 years, the “suv+Pika” built a powerful moat, and the “Hover+wey” combination re-created the suv advantage and the “electricized car” cut into new energy sources.
With a reasonable expansion of productive capacity, out of the prospect of a long-term steady growth of the global harvest, with some fluctuations in net profits, and for more than 30 years, “suv+pika” built a powerful moat.
Founded in 1984, the Great Wall car was transformed into a joint stock company in 2001, and listed in Hong Kong in 2003; first sold Italy in 2006 by Hover, which was awarded car production in 2007 and placed on the market in 2011; and focused on the market, which is long-standing in the area of suv and pickups. In 2013, the company became independent of the Hover brand to focus on the suv field, and in 2016 issued a bid to position the luxury suv brand Wey, relying on these two combinations.
Boxing to ensure control of the suv market and the creation of a pure electric brand, Ola, in 2018, and a joint venture with BMW to produce an electric version of Mini to land on the new energy sector. Chart: The Great Wall's history of car activity, clear and stable equity, and flexible private vehicle mechanisms.
(a) The Great Wall ' s car equity is concentrated on securing the new Wall ' s assets, while the company ' s 62.85 per cent is holding a 99 per cent stake in the Wall Holding Group, which is the founder of the Wall ' s Car, Mr. Wei Jianjun, so that, overall, the Wall ' s control is stable and its business planning is carried out in an orderly manner;
Private car companies have a strong executive power and flexible mechanisms, leading the cost-control industry. The Huff +wey combination re-creates the suv advantage, and the Hover brand under the company’s flag is long-term, with greater brand influence and convening power, and is a high-quality asset component of the company, which was launched in 2016.
(b) As consumer markets and government policies continue to tilt towards new energy sources, the company has launched the Eura branded car, which is used primarily as a “electric mini-bus”, both as a technology-friendly mini-pure electric vehicle for entry into the new energy market and as a way of avoiding the highly competitive new energy suv field, and as a light-beam vehicle, which has been created jointly with BMW, will also be used as a means of generating a new energy market.
The mini-car type is the main hit that hit the new energy market.
In 2016, the Wall was created in 2005 and grew up with the Wall in 2013.
Founded in 2005, branded in 2018, named after the founder of the Great Wall and the car.
(a) Brand independence, post-independence focus New logo was launched in 2007;
Luxury suv brand; in the suv field; Great Wall brand car is currently on sale
"Open, reliable, planning for major manufacturing and marketing pure product location"
The idea of "non-traditional" is currently dominated by pickups and cars, electric mini models, no.
Hafer's model for the city's middle class is a pure electron miniature.
The price, the price, the quality and price of the country, and now there are plans to roll out their own product.
Youth groups, building high quality, the Great Wall Picard is already in many places overseas, and the brand is now different.
The suv sales list is in the front row, and it's in the high class of driving experience. Every day, progress builds up the success factor, and tough management stimulates business progress.
The Great Wall has been awarded several awards for outstanding service within the industry, while the Hover brand is also ranked among several international agencies in the forefront of the international brand, with H. Foh 1, H2 and H6 being awarded the “2017 China's Best Customer Satisfaction in the Automobile Industry” award;