Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre net profit of 3.66 billion yuan, 14.5 per cent more than the previous year; net profit of 3.6 billion yuan less than the latter, 15.2 per cent more than the previous year; of these, 93 billion yuan, 10.3 per cent more than the previous three quarters; net profit of return
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company ' s Māori rate/net interest rate continued to grow, with breakthroughs in areas such as virtual power plants and transhipments. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company ' s R&D cost was 1.45 billion yuan, an increase of 8.6 per cent over the previous three months; and the patent certificate 341, involving grids, orbital handovers, was obtained.
The company has built its first provincial virtual power plant in San Francisco, operating control systems for the virtual power plant, the dispatch-source network storage system, etc., and has successfully signed a project for the integrated surveillance system of the Bogotá subway line 1, which marks the company's track.
• Implementation of equity incentive schemes to support the long-term development of the igbt industry. The company's igbt module industrialization project is influenced by factors such as the difficulty of igbt's own industrialization and the spread of disease.
The company announced in August 2022 that it would implement equity incentives and boost equity for WFSU, which would give 25 senior managers and core cadres a stake incentive of $30 million, which could help URS to create long-term incentives to mobilize senior managers and core cadres.
With billions of yuan, $61.44 billion, the net return profit over the next three years will remain at a compound growth rate of 16.1%. The company’s technological strength is high, with expansion of its operations inside and outside the network, and its performance is expected to continue to grow, maintaining a “holding” rating.
1. State Electric Swe (600406): stable growth of in-network operations, increased risk of off-grid operations (2022-09-04); less than expected risk of industrialization of the igbt; risk of exchange rate fluctuations affecting companies ' overseas receipts.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.