q3 Performance meets expectations, management quality upgrades 31 October 2022 \triangleright
During the last three quarters, the company achieved business income of $25,616 million, or +10.26 per cent; net profit for mothers of $3,655 million, or +14,49 per cent; net profit for non-mortality of $3.594 billion, or 15.19 per cent. In a single quarter, improvements in cost-efficiency control were enhanced and the quality of management re-emerged. 1) profitability, 2022q1-q3
In 2022, the power grid invested $500 billion.
More than \triangleright, the highest level ever, is expected to generate more than $1 trillion in social investment.
In the field, the share of tenders is leading, major projects such as support for high-voltage communication such as Linanyang-Changsha, Jingmen-Wuhan, and major projects such as the interconnection network, the White Crane Beach-Zejiang T-volt flow, major projects such as the new generation of dispatches such as the middle-rank Jiangsu, the power spot market such as Liaoning, the main distribution station such as Gansu, and the first cloud-measuring platform and the new generation self-measurement platform in the south of the country.
The value of the new generation of dispatch systems has increased considerably and is being piloted in six provinces (municipalities), and future companies are expected to benefit fully from increased investment in the grid. Deepening out-of-grid market potential, systems are designed to facilitate business expansion.
\triangleright expands to the off-grid areas of railing, engineering, etc., core industries have a lot of flowers, winning countries can group for a new power-market platform advisory project, thousands of in-and-out-of-the-art computer surveillance systems, and in-orbit traffic integrated monitoring systems.
Major projects. Emerging dynamic industries, the company ' s 4500vigbt device has been tested for reliability and in-plant operation, 1. The Uttar Pradesh (600406.sh) semi-annual reporting point of 1700v wind currents in 2022 has been applied, and products such as the 800v/600v Car Code gbt, the company.
Review: The core has a number of blooms, market openings have continued to leapfrog 2022/08/31 Softigbt has reached international leadership levels and future gbt is expected to contribute significant growth in corporate performance.
In the area of international operations, seven international certification tests of products were completed, the Saudi transformer system was contracted, the quarterly evaluation of the Colombian q1 report: significant increase in profitability, company performance, the project for integrated monitoring system of the Bogotá subway line 1, the winning bid for Chileami and the smart meter project, the overseas city
It is hoped that it will benefit from the growth of investment in the construction of electricity systems and maintain a “recommended” rating; methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.