Performance meets expectations, expectations are high - fast performance rating in 2019 Multi-factor drag q4 income growth
Due to geopolitical factors, Shanghai airport has achieved 2.7 billion/+13% revenue, which is largely consistent with the long trend of tax-free revenue growth, with a further slowdown of 15% of the q3 ring. The q4 acceleration factor includes: (1) increased tax-free market promotion in Korea, large rollbacks for dispersed passengers, and a four-quarter double 11 power provider.
The full cost impact of the launch of the satellite office is represented by a robust growth in investment returns q4 business cost ring of 290 million more than q3 and 490 million more than q2 more, mainly related to the depreciation cost increase resulting from the satellite office's consolidation. Based on the current fixed assets (an estimated 12 billion more than the previous investment budget of 16.7 billion)
In addition, the company ' s q4 fixed assets increased by nearly 100 million over q3 and are also expected to be associated with the Star Agency-related work, and subsequent depreciation costs are still rising, but are expected to increase only modestly over 20 years.
Investment returns have continued to grow steadily, with q4 investment returns increasing by 30% over the same period. Considering that q1 has fallen as a result of the epidemic, we expect the company ' s net return in 2020 to fall by 200 to 400 million dollars compared to our original forecast rental income, but the policy dividend is still pending, considering that China ' s tax-free industry is still in its growth phase.
We believe that Shanghai Airport's performance in 2020 is likely to continue to grow more steadily. In 2021, we expect that the satellite office's delivery will necessarily lead to a permanent increase in the capacity of Pudong Airport, adding up the need for residents to travel in the second half of the year.
2. Shanghai Airport (60009): Tax-free revenue has slowed and tax-free sales have fallen short of expectations; growth has not increased as expected; tax-free airport sales have hit the airport after tax-free openings within the city of the nation
The data used to ensure that the reports were based on compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,