The Center for Resources and Environmental Research is expected to launch the “Breaking Reverse” in the third quarter of the year, publishing a 2019 fast-track performance report. A total of $10.94 billion was collected in 19 years, an increase of 17.52 per cent;
The net gain of $5.03 billion was equal to 18.85 per cent. 2.74 billion yuan, or 13.4 per cent, was collected in Camp 19q4; the net profit of $1.04 billion, or 5.1 per cent, was equal to the expected performance.q4 was slightly lower than expected, as a result of the events in Hong Kong and the launch of the Satellite Agency.q4 was slightly lower than expected.
Airplane landing/passenger throughput fell by 13-24%, and the decline was larger than q3. At the same time, there was a shift in the path of passengers in the early stages of the launch of the satellite hall, which had a short-term impact on the commercial penetration of the airport. q4 quarter costs increased by $400 million, including an additional $160 million in depreciation and operating costs.
Three hundred million dollars, expected to be completed later with the transfer of the air divisions, the aircraft will gradually rise by bridge rate, which will lead to an increase in passenger boarding and transit speed, and to a gradual recovery in performance. Commercial travel requirements will be the first to rebound, and the timing of the recovery of the excursions will depend on the cancellation of the country’s tourism alert.
1. " Large incremental market, airport duty-free strategic value and visa policy.
2. The implementation of the new tax-exempt agreement, with a significant increase in the Māori rate - an increase in the number of working hours at existing destinations (or in relation to the range of routes and the time limit for the dissemination of information) during the sars period, has made it difficult to restore the remaining passenger flow from either side of the region.
Rehabilitating after the new coronary pneumonia requires a stoppage, recovery, and additional classes, which are expected to resume in the following order: domestic routes, short routes such as South-East Asia and East Asia, and long European-American routes. Specific recovery times still need to be observed for disease control in various countries, during the summer seasons or with the prospect of returning to duty-free operations.
Caution comes to maturity, and the real massive return to duty-free consumption has not yet begun. Luxury consumption is directly linked to the “cultural influence” of countries’ soft power exports. We define the growth of the tax-free sector as three phases: the longest phase, for the consumption-back accumulation phase, and the driving force behind the growth is that
The second phase, where the country’s product plates are heavily tax-free, is a real, real consumer return: the third phase, which is driven by incoming and outgoing passengers, is truly a hot destination for international tourism. From the consumption of Euro-American culture to Japanese-Korean culture, to Chinese culture on the mainland, China is now in the middle of the day.
At a critical point in the first phase of the recovery, the long-term space for airport tax-free growth depends on the upgrading of China’s consumer industry and improved retail distribution channels. Epidemics and the introduction of satellite offices have affected performance in 2020, and it is hoped that they will follow the onset of the epidemic and take advantage of production capacity.
The impact of the climb has diminished, with short-term projections of base-point or q3 seasons, the nature of the tax exemption, Sun Chun Xu, and the dominance of the position determined the company’s long-term business value.
The impact of the epidemic is higher than expected; duty-free sales are less than expected; growth is less than expected at any time.