Shanghai Airport (60009): The impact of the epidemic is over-expected, Shanghai Airport and passengers provide ground security services and operate rental airfields
Air operations, commercial and office premises, national quick-performance reports, which have been dealt with previously, have not been repeated in this report.
Reviewing inspection operations, long-distance passenger terminals, parking lot administration and parking, and slowing growth in revenue from commercial catering, resulting in a significant increase in investment returns. Commercial catering revenues of $5,463 million, which they consider to be mainly related to tax-free marketing strategies and a sharp decline in Hong Kong's passenger traffic in the second half of the year.
It is estimated that tax-free sales at Shanghai Airport in 2019 amounted to about 13 billion yuan, of which t2 together with the Satellite Agency amounted to about 9 billion t or approximately 4 billion. In terms of return on investment, De Gaulle and Aerofuels each gave hundreds of millions of yuan, an increase of 29.1 per cent over the previous year, slightly higher than expected.
The cost of depreciation is 849 million yuan, an increase of 98 million yuan over the previous year. The main increase is due to an increase of 56 million yuan in housing construction and an increase of 32 million yuan in mechanical construction.
In the second half of this year, it is clear that the depreciation of the satellite hall was not fully reflected. Profit predictions and ratings: Shanghai Airport’s greatest advantage is the high proportion of international routes and the resulting profits.
Given that the spread of the overseas epidemic is expected to be exceedingly high, we believe that this year, with force majeure, there is a risk that companies will not be able to secure the full amount of their revenues, so that in the specific profit scenario we don’t consider the bottom income.
The epidemic does not affect the company’s long-term growth logic, so it maintains a “recommended” rating.
The net profit was $5.03 billion (+18.85 per cent). The eps was $2.61 billion (+18.64 per cent). Of that amount, the fourth quarter generated $2.737 billion in a single quarter, with a total operating cost of $1.638 billion and a net profit of $1.035 billion from the non-retroactivity of the mother. Four quarters of the revenues met expectations, but the costs were slightly higher.
The growth in commercial catering revenues slowed and the return on investment increased significantly. The company completed commercial catering revenues of $5.463 billion a year, an increase of 37.1 per cent a year, comprising $2,773 million in the first half of the year and $2,690 million in the second half of the year, and slightly less in the second half of the year, which we believe is mainly related to the tax-free marketing strategy and the sharp decline in Hong Kong's passenger flow in the second half of the year.
The increase in the cost of operating and manpower costs is more pronounced as a result of the start-up of the satellite office. In the second half of the year, the satellite office was operating for four months.
In terms of depreciation, the amount of depreciation calculated for houses and buildings was lower than expected. In 2019, the company’s depreciation cost was 849 million yuan, an increase of 98 million yuan over the previous year, mainly due to an increase of 56 million yuan in housing construction and an increase of 32 million yuan in mechanical equipment.
The company's housing and construction projects were solidified by $10.45 billion, calculated on the basis of 25 years' depreciation of the satellite hall, 3 per cent of the residual value, and about $400 million a year, while the company's buildings and buildings were depreciated by 230 million in the first half of the year and 260 million in the second half of the year.
Vision 2020: The impact of the epidemic is higher than expected, so lower profit forecasts for Shanghai airport profits will be the greatest advantage of the high proportion of international routes and the resulting high tax-exempt revenues, which will also be the most affected by the spread of the overseas epidemic. The Civil Aviation Authority will continue to reduce the number of international flights, and air arrivals will drop to very low levels as of March 29th.
In the current situation, we believe that domestic routes are expected to be largely restored in June, but that the recovery of international routes will be delayed by a corresponding period of two to three months. With regard to tax-exempt base income, we believe that this year, with force majeure, there is a risk that companies will not be able to secure their full base income.
So, in specific profit projections, we don’t consider tax-exempted bottom income. Major damage can be avoided, but the epidemic does not affect the company’s long-term growth logic, and therefore maintains a “recommended” rating.
Shanghai Airport (60.009): The impact of the epidemic is over-expected, 20 years of profit forecast, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation, Shanghai Airport (60009): The impact of the epidemic is over-expected, and 20 years of profit projections are down.
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.