Shanghai Airport (60009): Satellite hall launch promotion Shanghai Airport and passenger ground security services to operate rental airfields
Air operations, commercial and office premises, at $2.61 (+18.64 per cent) in the country. Of this amount, $2.737 billion was collected in a single quarter of the four quarters, resulting in total turnover; advertising operations, freight forwarders, brokers, customs agents, substitutes.
Reconstructing inspection operations, long-distance passenger terminals, parking lot administration and parking costs of $1,638 million, deducting a net profit of $1,035 million to the mother. Four-quarter harvests met expectations, but slightly exceeded expectations, resulting in a little less profit in a single quarter than we expected.
In 19 years, q3, affected by regional events, is expected to reveal a steady decline in the 2019 annual report, which in part affects tax-free sales revenue.
In four quarters, the company received $150 per person, an increase of 7 per cent over the $140 of q3. We believe that the new satellite hall was launched after the birth, and that as a result of a significant increase in commercial space, the consumption of passengers at Shanghai airport as a whole has begun to be facilitated.
The ring q2 has grown by about $150 million, and we believe that the additional costs are mainly the depreciation and operating costs of the satellite hall. We have a rough estimate that the satellite hall will become operational with an additional monthly depreciation of about $50 million and an operating cost of about 100 million, with the additional operating costs slightly exceeding our expectations.
Profit predictions and ratings: In the first quarter of this year, as a result of the epidemic, the number of air passengers in the second half of the spring has decreased by almost 85%, and it is certain that the number of air passengers in February will be the most affected by the epidemic. We expect the number of air passengers to rise gradually in March and April, but the return to normal levels may be expected by April.
At the end of the day, we have accordingly reduced the number of passengers at Shanghai Airport to about the same 10% this year, and on that leave, but with little impact on the performance of 2021, the company’s long-term growth logic will not change. Some of the routes caused by external factors are cold.
Source of financial and intellectual excellence in the East: In 2019, the company achieved a revenue of RMB 10,945 million (+17.52 per cent) at a total operating cost of RMB 5,407 million (+18.26 per cent); net profit of RMB 5,033 million (+18.85 per cent) from non-contribution to the mother. Ps is RMB 2.61 (+18.64 per cent).
Of this amount, 2.73 billion yuan was collected in the first quarter of the fourth quarter, with a total operating cost of $1.638 billion and a net profit of $1.035 billion from the non-retroactivity of the mother. Four seasons of revenue met expectations, but costs were slightly higher than expected, resulting in a single quarter earning slightly less than we expected.
The drop has increased to 24.6 per cent, affecting tax-free sales earnings to some extent. On the other hand, the rate of increase in q4 domestic passengers has also fallen to a low level of water. We believe that it is mainly due to air traffic control caused by military visits during last 11 years.
Thanks to the deceleration of the four-quarter growth in passenger flows and the relatively high base of last year (the new tax-free cut-off rate was introduced in the second half of last year), this year q4 companies registered a modest growth rate of 13.4%, down from the previous quarter. But the four-quarter harvests were not without bright spots, and the source of Eastern wealth was a source of wealth and wisdom.
In terms of single-prisoners, four quarters of the company’s single-guess revenue is $150, an increase of 7% over the 140-dollar q3. We believe that the new satellite office has already begun to boost passenger consumption in Shanghai as a result of a significant increase in commercial space.
Corporate q4 operating costs increase by 300 million over q3. Given that the other operating costs of the airport have been stable, we believe that the additional costs are mainly the depreciation and operating costs of the satellite office. The satellite office became operational in September this year. If you compare the costs of q2, q3 and q4, you can see that the cost of q3 is about 150 million more than the cost of q2 and the cost of q2 more than the cost of q4 is about 450 million more.
Depreciation and operating costs total around $150 million. Depreciation costs are about $50 million per month, based on a 20-year 20-year discount of $12 billion, and the additional operating costs due to the Satellite Office are about one billion dollars per month, slightly higher than we expected.
In February, the number of passengers in civil aviation was the most affected by the epidemic. We expect the number of passengers in civil aviation to rise gradually in March and April, but to return to normal water, which may be until the end of April, so we reduce the number of passengers at Shanghai Airport to around 10% this year, and then give us a picture of the financial boom in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Shanghai Airport (60009): Satellite Offices are operating to boost individual passengers, with a slightly higher cost increase than should be expected. We expect a decline of about 15% in company performance in 2020, but that does not affect the performance of the company in 2021.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
If you have not done so in the past, you will not do so in the future, nor will you do so in the present report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Shanghai Airport (60.009): Satellite hall production promotes a single passenger uplift with a slightly higher cost than expected and does not guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.