19-year performance forecast, 20-year-old epidemic, Shanghai airport (60009.sh)/transportation
Rates: Purchases (first coverage) Companies issued 2019 performance reports with business income of $10,945 million for the year as a whole, an increase of 17.52 per cent over the year, slightly lower than our 3-quarters update and consistent expectations, mainly due to 4-quarter revenue
The rate of increase slowed (2.737 billion yuan in the first quarter of 2019q4, an increase of 13.44 per cent in the same year). The annual net return to the mother was $5.03 billion, an increase of 18.88 per cent in the same year and $5.033 billion in non-net profit, an increase of 18.46 per cent in the net interest rate, which remained stable. q4 net return to the mother was $1,036 million, a decrease in the same year.
5.06 per cent, and the decline in net profit from the 4th quarter was due mainly to the cost of about $300 million due to depreciation at the Satellite Agency, which, in terms of production transport data, resulted in the same cumulative number of domestic/international/regional aircraft landings in January-December 2019, which resulted in delays in the overall performance of transport production and tax-exempt income from traffic.
In view of earlier concerns about space expansion, Shanghai Airport was largely unchanged from the same winter and spring season last year, with an increase in international and regional traffic and the expansion of Japanese and Korean air traffic rights. As the winter and spring season began in October, its contribution to the year was limited, but it can be noted that international passengers are upswing faster than the aircraft.
The speed of the landings has increased, indicating an even more pressing demand for international routes at Shanghai Airport. If the airspace expands well, with the incremental capacity of the satellite office, it is expected to release during the summer and autumn seasons of 2020 or the winter and spring seasons, which will release transport data for production in January, the impact of the new crown virus pneumonia has already been demonstrated, with aircraft landing and landing gears.
8 per cent. Domestic/international/regional movements changed by 5.36 per cent/4.2 per 17.56 per cent, respectively, with a more severe domestic/national impact, while multinational restrictions on the entry of Chinese passengers resulted in reduced or suspended flights and were expected to have a negative impact on transport data and performance during the first quarter of the year, with aviation divisions either taking the initiative to reduce their capacity properly to control them.
Ben. At the same time, the company’s tax-exempt revenue was hit by a sharp shock, compounded by a high base in the first quarter of last year, and its revenue and net profit performance in 2020 is expected to decline at an estimated rate. But if the epidemic is well under control by the end of the quarter, we expect production transport and tax-exempt operations to resume quickly, reaching a year-round bottom income.
In addition, the 19-year performance report shows better control over corporate sales and management costs, and a steady positive performance in equity investment returns. As at 31 December, fixed assets were equal to three-quarterly reporting values of hundreds of millions of dollars, and the remaining project funds may be carried forward in the future, pending further updates after annual reporting.
Shanghai airport position advantages and fleet structure are core competitiveness, and a large proportion of tax-free business in the company’s future earnings and profit gains is a key business that has a real high growth value, and its tax-free base income helps it to combat the volatility caused by the epidemic, but it is a core asset with a good business model.
In the current state of uncertainty, given the decline in production data and the cost of uplifting the satellite hall, the certificate gammascurities
A share market is based on 300 indexes of depth; a three-board market is based on three indexes (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers); the Hong Kong market is based on the Morgan Stanley Index of China; and the United States share market is based on the standard 500 index or the NASDAQ composite.
The index is the baseline (except where indicated).