Shanghai Airport (600.0009.sh) net profit rate increased by 18.9 per cent in 19 and the short-term impact of the epidemic did not change the value of long-term investments.
The net profit return to the mother was $5.03 billion, an increase of 18.9 per cent over the previous year, and the gross profit rate of 51.26 per cent was slightly lower than expected, of which q4 achieved a revenue of $2,736 million in the single quarter, an increase of 13.4 per cent over the same period, and a net profit to the mother of $1,036 million, a decrease of 5.06 per cent over the same period.
q4 passengers are slowing down their traffic. Since 2019, the company has dropped 5118,000 sorties, an increase of 1.39 per cent over the previous year, and passengers, 7,615 million, an increase of 2.89 per cent over the same period (an increase of 7.9 per cent over the international + regional passenger ratio).
q4 battalion growth slowed and cost-side production increased at the satellite hall. The company picked up in 2019 at a slower rate than in the previous quarter, mainly due to slower passenger toll and production of the satellite hall, and the lack of full stores (e.g., the brand of a fancy department store like Armaments is still in the contract period), and the popular market.
At the end of the cost, q4 operating costs Group of products
16.24 million yuan, an increase of 39.35 per cent in the same year, increases in post-partum depreciation for the Satellite Agency, and in the cost of moving peacekeepers. q4 operating costs increased by $458 million on a year-on-year basis, according to the flash report, and we expect an increase of about $338 million in operating costs, slightly lower than expected, after depreciation of $120 million, reflecting good company performance.
A good cost-control capability. Institutional investors account for a share of the liquidity, short-term impact of the epidemic is under pressure, and growth space is maintained for the long term.
During the spring season, the impact of the epidemic on January operations is relatively manageable. In February, the epidemic spreads to the world, with passenger throughput declining steadily, or falling significantly during the quarter. But, in the medium and long term, as the epidemic subsides, the flow is expected or will rebound rapidly.
Optimization and the continued presence of fine brands, with tax-exempt sales of passenger unit prices or a further increase in the rate of tax-exempt operations expected to be sustained at a higher rate, driven by the Satellite Office. At the same time, with improvements in operational efficiency and improvements in accuracy, it is expected that the air master and non-air operations will evolve over time.
Profit predictions: after delivery, the company satellite hall will be significantly expanded, with tax-free operating space and class of goods expected to increase further, while the company has good cost-control capabilities, 29 times and 22 times higher. We believe that the impact of the short-term epidemic and the increase in the cost of post-natal injections by the satellite hall will not change.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.