EastMoneyFormation (300059ch) 3rd Quarterly 2022: Net Profit Reverse Increases and Self-Investment Returns 3q22 Rewards: solidresaultsamidMarketdownturn, wistrongrorowthofProprietaryinvestmentcomecome
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forengrishsummary) 3-quarterly Eastern Wealth Report 2022.
Total income from the industry was $9.6 billion, compared to 0.8 per cent, and net profit from the mother was $6.6 billion, narrow, owing to the higher base in the third quarter of last year, on the one hand, and on the other hand to the shrinking size of the new market-wide distribution fund in the first three quarters, on the other hand, the ratio of equity to equity was clear.
The third quarter of 2022 saw a return on the ring ratio. 1) The third quarter of 2022 saw a new market-wide round of new funds +6 per cent, the same-40 per cent, equity-based new funds.
Dollars, equal to +13.1 per cent, ring to + 9.5 per cent, third place in the industry, with a steady increase in the share of municipalities in brokering activities, which continue to rise and perform well on their own account. 1) Securities brokerage: $102.7 billion, corresponding to 7.1 per cent, in ticket funds, due to company fees and commissions
Revenues grew at a faster rate than market-wide equity-based transactions, with brokerage markets expected to continue at a rate of $1 billion, or +61.3 per cent, of which net returns on investments in the third quarter (including fair value) were invested in vouchers, finance and funds, and corporate transactional financial assets at the end of the third quarter were expected to continue at a rate of +11.3 per cent.
61% to 54.2 billion yuan. • We keep looking at Eastern wealth: 1) we're sitting on top platforms such as the Eastern Wealth Network, the Sky Fund Network, and c-end clients are sticky and demand diversified. 2) Fund sales agents
With a pre-emptive advantage, a higher share of the tailings ' income helps to improve performance stability. 3) The voucher operation expands rapidly, based on its own flow advantage and low commission strategy, to generate higher debt, capital money leads to business development, such as a two-way street, and profits increase significantly faster than those of its peers.
We expect a net profit of $8.7 billion in 2022 (formerly 9.9 billion Sun Tingtingsun Vivianxu).