The value of brands returned to the waist, ready for action. 23 February 2017 In-depth study/food beverages.
This round of white wine recovery is characterized by squeezed growth, first- and second-line white wine to squeeze the space of the three-and-four-line white wine market, reasonable valuation: $35-38.
The recovery has not been robust, and brand dominance has not been fully reflected. We believe that, as the white wine industry continues to recover, the brand power of the wine will boost corporate performance.
In 2017, the company will be able to fill the gap in the price belt and improve the competitiveness of the company as a whole. At the same time, the company is expected to slow down with high-end liquor.
• Innovation in marketing patterns, which is expected to continue for 17 years.
The division of the unit from the distribution sector in comparison with the trend of depth 300 effectively prevented collusion. The economy was gradually recovering in 2017 as the dominant market in the province, and it is expected that it will continue to function.
In the off-provincial market, last year the company made an innovation in the marketing model of distributors, hebei introduced strategic distributors to operate the Hebei market together, and Henan adopted a decentralized approach by the Ministry of Industry to motivate grass-roots workers. This reform led to a significant increase in sales in the Hebei and Henan regions, making Henan the largest out-of-town growth.
Sales fall short of expectations; food safety risks; and the overall valuation of the white plate retreat risk.
I. Product restructuring + regional expansion of focus is expected to drive up performance (i) push-up of products, Māori rate is expected to improve continuously, 1. “Operation Sufficiency” is expected to change product structure and move up to the mid-high end
Since last year, Shanxi Liquor has proposed the “Operation Breathing”, which aims to raise the company’s sales by raising the sales of its waist products. In order to change the company’s product structure, 2017, the product structure used to be the “dumb” type, i.e., low-end and high-end products at both ends of the dusk bell, account for a larger share of sales income, while the middle waist product has always been weak.
The year’s company will focus on raising 20-odd punches with $200-300 price bands, old white wines, and gold medals. In the context of Operation Suffocation, the company’s price of tons of alcohol has been declining since 2012, mainly because of the impact of high-end alcohol and low-end alcohol sales that help the company through the valley, making the share of low-end alcohol in sales income not equal.
This has led to a two-tier structure of Shanxi wine, with high-end and low-end sales heavier. In November 2015, Shanxi wine was introduced to the market for a new 42-degree 10-year-old white wine, with a final offer of $105-115, in order to meet the demands of the Shanxi market’s “actions of strength.”
In 2017, at the wine dealer’s conference, the wine rekindled its culture and value in the hope that the price of the wine would fully reflect the cultural value of the wine. On the basis of a 20-year price increase in 2016, the 30-year-old company’s low-end wine would be dominated by a bobble, and before 2013 the company had clearly positioned itself at the middle-end market and intended to control the sale of the low-end wine.
In 2014, the company’s low-end alcohol rose significantly in its business income share, almost by natural use alone. Although the rise in the share of low-end alcohol pushed down the price of tons of alcohol, it ensured that the company’s total sales of alcohol remained largely at pre-triple consumption levels, and contributed significantly to the firm’s supporting performance by stabilizing its market share.
The share of low-end alcohol revenues has risen slightly since 2015, reaching 30.42% in 2016. Of these, 42 degrees are in the mountains. 42 billion are operating in the west, and national sales are expected to outperform 700 million in 2016.
As the economy recovers, it is expected that the waist products will benefit directly from the upgrading of consumption, with higher prices added to the higher end of the product, and the company-wide Māori ratio expected to rise.2 The return of value and the recovery of high end white wine will begin.
In 2016, as a result of industry-wide efforts, the price of white wine gradually returned. As an old brand of one of the four most famous wines in the country, the brand value of Shanxi wine will become apparent.
The Cinderella Series accumulates a certain amount of price-enhancing energy, which is expected to increase. The company’s high-end product is dominated by the Cinderella Series, which has grown at an annual rate of 20% and enjoys industrial warming in 2016, and which is expected to increase further. Overall, the Cinderella Series is expected to increase because of the low: the fourth quarter is the season of white wine production and sales.
At the 2016 Sanxi Liquor Marketing Congress, the chairman of the company's company, Tsong Bao Tan, said that one of the core jobs in 2017 was planned to take about two years, starting in 2017, to bring back the price of the brand value of the branded "30 Saffron" product.
With the recovery of coal prices, the economy in Shanxi Province has improved significantly, and high-end liquor sales will benefit directly. The white industry has a strong cyclical nature, especially for high-end white wine, which weighs heavily on business dinners, wedding tables, etc.
The rate of growth in Shanxi's gross revenue is positively related to the rate of increase in gdp in Shanxi Province. With rising coal prices and improved economic development in Shanxi Province, the company’s revenues from high-end white wine provinces are now expected to recover, creating a good situation in which low-end, high-end products are shifting.
Intra-provincial leadership, a new model of external focus markets (i) a new model of out-of-provincial distributors is expected to lead to a new breakthrough.
There is great potential for opening up markets outside the province. The company now has a “Ten Strategies to Break Through Markets” – mainly in the north of Pan China, including Beijing, Tianjin, Henan, Hebei, Nemon, Shaanxi, Liaoning, Guangdong, and others, where Henan and Hebei provinces are expected to become new growth points in 2017 as a result of institutional innovation breakthroughs.
In June 2016, the Shanxi Liquor North office was upgraded to a centre of operations, where Hebei markets are operated by the company Hebei Allen, in partnership with Hebei. This reform gives Hebei full autonomy, although there is no formal funding relationship, and the management of operations is based entirely on a diversified market operating model of equity.
The innovation of this model has brought great benefits to Hebei’s market, which is expected to complete its sales revenue of 84 million yuan in 2016, and to break 100 million sales in 2017. Henan’s operating system is also very innovative, and Henan has adopted a decentralized model for China’s Central Department of Enterprise.
This has also made Henan the fastest-growing market in the past year. We expect Henan to complete its sales revenues by $380 million in 2016, and, thanks to the good foundation, Henan is expected to double in 2017.
In addition, between regions, companies have strictly regulated the issue of tradables after 2015, strengthened control over distributors, and began to focus their resources on priority markets as soon as they changed the way they used to spend their costs on markets outside the province. In 2016, on the marketing level, a focus group was set up to guide a marketing company, a distributor, on a multi-billion dollar out-of-town market.
In 2017, a firm step was taken out of the province. (ii) The company was deep-deep, the channel sank and re-emerged. In 2016, it was deep-deep in its niche market, and the channel sank was reformed, and the provincial market continued to improve.
Following the process of deposing stocks in 2014 and 2015, in 2016, Shanxi Liquor explored changes in its marketing model, which led to the sinking of markets and channels, cleaning up the development strategies of 11 local municipalities. Lu Liang has adopted a flat-ten-up model, with direct control by the manufacturer.
In 2016, the province is expected to continue its efforts. For the first time in 2015, the company’s “Apricot Village” brand value broke out by 10 billion and was ranked first for 12 years in Shanxi city.
On the scene, a well-established marketing network has been established as a well-deserved market leader. For almost 10 years, the company's revenues in the province have been affected by the double impact of demand-side “3-public consumption” policies and supply-side “de-productivity” in recent years.
The total production of white wine is 36% compared to the total production of white wine in Shanxi Province.
The company was formerly known as the Shanxi Apricot Co. Ltd., which was converted into a joint stock company in December 1993 and placed on the public market.