Glossy Glass: 2303 Māori rises in the same ring and, when you look good, value-added products continue to rise in the same way as glass (600660).
Incident: The company issued its three-quarterly report in 2023, where it collected 23,826 million in the first three quarters of 2023, and the currency exchange loss factor caused 23 q3 performance pressure. The company collected $8,795 million, \triangleright, 23 q3
The ratio of high value-added products has increased, leading to an increase in the company ' s Māori ratio. The Māori ratio of the company ' s 23q3 sales was 36.31%, compared to +1.38 pct, the ring ratio +1.34 pct; the net interest rate of sales was 14.68%, compared to the company ' s higher value-added products.
The ratio is 17.81%, compared to +8.92pt, the ring ratio +11.57pc, mainly due to an increase in financial costs. Both management and R & D rates show a decline in the same ratio, with 23q3 management costs, which are expected to start a new round of growth as a result of higher value-added products as a proportion of higher-value-added products.
\triangleright adheres to technological and managerial innovations to capture a new four-way trend in the automobile industry, with high-value-added products such as curtain glass, modifiable glass as a share of business income in 2022 compared to the same period in the previous year.
+6.21pc. At the same time, capital spending continues to increase, new projects are being added, and production capacity is being pushed in an orderly manner, with capital spending on the Sea/Suzhou Autoglass project being 469/347/335 million, respectively. Profit forecasts: Māori levels are rapidly recovering, taking into account the rising share of high value added products in companies.
We raise the company ' s profit forecast. We predict the company ' s net profit return from 2023 to 2025 as a risk factor: the share of high-value-added products, such as skyscreen glass, does not rise as expected: the price of raw materials rises \triangleright
Risks: exchange rate fluctuations, etc. Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
4 years of research in the automobile industry, which is good at top-down investment opportunities. Car industry chains are covered, with emphasis on Tesla's industrial chain, smart cars, and autonomous brands.
Tsao Jie, Assistant Research Assistant, Sindha Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, B.A., Beijing University of Technology, B.S.A., which covers smart cars, automobile associations, etc.
Ding, M.A., University of Melbourne, covering areas such as smart cabins, electric motors, whole cars, etc. Part of it is not, is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.