A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Willsemi (603501 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
The feared bad 1Q22 is gone; All eyes on the
Target Price
recovery
(Previous TP
RMB 270.00)
Willsemi announced 1Q22 results. 1Q22 revenue/NP to shareholders declined
Up/Downside
+48%
Current Price
10.8%/13.9% YoY to RMB5,583mn/RMB896mn, which accounted for 20%/18%
of our full year forecasts. The Company expected NP to shareholders will have
China Technology Sector
50%+ QoQ growth in 2Q22, driven by products structure adjustments and market
recovery. Although we remain positive on Willsemi's long-term outlook, we expect
Lily Yang, Ph.D
short-term performance is challenging under current market environment.
Maintain BUY with reduced TP of RMB200.0.
■ 1Q22 results missed estimates. Although our previous forecasts were more
Alex Ng
conservative than consensus, 1Q22 results still missed expectations. Despite
another satisfactory quarter of non-mobile CIS growth, 1Q22's revenue
dropped 10.8% YoY. Mgmt. attributed the decline to 1) further weakness in
smartphone shipment and 2) lowered semi distribution sales due to logistic
Lana Lin
disruptions. GPM dropped 1.2% to 35.3% in 1Q22 (vs. 36.5% in 4Q21),
impacted by clients' pricing strategy under share gain pressure.
High level of inventories raised investors' concerns. The Company's
inventories level was equal to ~4.6x monthly sales in 4Q21 and further
increased to 5.7x in 1Q22. The mgmt. have made clear that most of the
118,085
Mkt Cap (RMBmn)
inventories are standard products and will not have higher asset impairment
1,651
Avg 3 mths t/o (RMBmn)
52w High/Low (RMB)
345/134.02
risk. However, such level of inventory balance has surely caused market
Total Issued Shares (mn)
concerns, especially under current market sentiment. In addition, the
Source: Bloomberg
resurgence of COVID cases and partial lockdown measures may require the
Shareholding Structure
Company to excessively build up inventories to secure productions, adding
difficulty to offload inventories in near-term.
■ Tough market environment challenges Company performance. Although
we remain positive on Willsemi's long-term outlook, we expect short-term
performance to be challenging. By segment, we expect the growth in non-
mobile CIS to remain largely intact. 1Q22 non-mobile CIS is estimated to grow
70% YoY, while full year growth is forecasted at 36.1%. However, we have
cut our expectations for mobile CIS sales, given lowered smartphone
shipment projection. Sales from mobile CIS is expected to decline 3.5% YoY
Source: Bloomberg
in 2022 vs. previous forecast of 10% growth.
12-mth Price Performance
■ Maintain BUY with TP of RMB200.0. We lowered our TP to RMB200 based
on 35x FY22E P/E multiple (vs. prior 42x), given depressed market sentiment
and weakened consumer confidence. Potential downside risks include: 1)
worse-than-expected global economy that curbs consumer spending, 2)
higher level of inventory and 3) possible disruption in logistic and production.
Earnings Summary
Auditor: BDO
Related Reports
1. In-line FY21 results: Solid non-
mobile CIS growth overshadowed
(Link)
China CIS sector – Can non-mobile
CIS
strength
offset
handset
weakness? We remain cautiously
optimistic - 1 Apr 2022 (Link)
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
FY21 revenue in line; Growth story
stays intact - 10 Mar 2022 (Link)
Earnings preview
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Counterpoint, CMBIGM estimates
Note:
a) YoY comparison is based on the average price of the years;
b) Pricing considers product mix during the year.
Demand>Supply by 10%
Demand>Supply by 10% -20%
Demand>Supply by 20% -30%
Demand>Supply by 30% -40%
Source: Counterpoint, CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM does
not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors
to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM or its
affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or
enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss,
damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information
contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIGM
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides the information,
advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other publications having information
and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make
investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf
of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in
this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIGM will not assume
any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or
published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign
entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed
in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of
Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.