Qingdao beers (600600.sh) food beverages/beverages are made, medium-high-end cards are locked, re-starry is expected to re-engineer medium-high-end cards, re-stars are added to the reform:
The company is the Qingdao People’s Government’s State Property Supervisory Board, which earns the bulk of its revenue from beer, using the “1+1+n” branding strategy. In 2017, Restar International Inc. supported the branding campaign’s slight growth, with a steady increase in the city’s share.
• Industry concentration is critical, a new cycle of price increases + high-end support has opened, and per capita beer consumption in Asia is in the top three, with no room for growth. Cr5 has raised nearly 80% of the concentration. After malign competition, the industry has collectively raised profits. Overcapacity over the last 10 years, the price base has been raised.
At the end of 2013, the price of the terminal was adjusted because of the price of raw materials, the share of the business was eventually seized, the profits and cost of the reduction became more effective, the regional expansion of the national layout was being pushed forward, the production line was being improved, and the cost of the reduction was being controlled by 15.6 million companies.
In 2018, revenue from Shandong increased by 3 pct, 1 pct, and 2 pct (competing pressure).
The Ministry of Industry, driven by a two-wheel drive and a gradual recovery in profits, has led to a shift in sales in South and East China, a rationalization of stocks in the “Qingjia” and “Saoshan” brands, and an increase in revenue from high-end products over the years. Companies sold 803 thousand litres/+0.76% of beer in 2018.
Qingdao's beer is locked in mid-to-high-end cards, the national channel layout is progressing, and the cost-reducing effects are gradually emerging. We expect companies to earn 280.4/296.1 billion yuan in business revenues in 2019 and 2020.
The company is the world’s fifth-largest beer producer (ranked by output). The company now owns 62 fully-owned and controlled beer producers in the country, as well as two alliances and joint ventures.
The branding strategy, “1+1+n” (“Qingdao beer + Qingdao beer +n”) is one of the first ten brands in my country. According to data published by the World Brand Laboratory, Qingdao beer in 2018.
For 15 years in a row, China's beer industry was the first with a brand value of $145,575 million, with 27,258 million, 17,036 million and 10,589 million, respectively, in the Qingdao Beer Museum and the brand's “ecological effect” flashing.
Table 1: Main five brands under the Aoshima beer flag (Red 1+1+n)
Mountain beer, cheer beer, Qingdao beer.
Corporate beer sales of 803 thousand litres/+0.76 per cent in 2018, with a city rate of 21.1 per cent.
Three major equity changes have taken place, resulting in a strategic development of re-entry quality. In 2002, BIVE entered the stock (4.9% shareholding and increased to 20% thereafter). In 2009, BIVE was taken over from the beers in Japan (19.7% shareholding), forming a high-low mix at the high end of the Qingjia beer transition. In December 2017, the re-star took over the berth in Korea.
Group (19.9% shareholding). It is expected that Re-Star will participate actively in management decision-making and promote managerial motivation. The company will use its recreational channels to widen marketing, advocacy and branding.
On May 17, 2018, Qingdao Beers issued an announcement that Huang Keshing was the president of the company and Xiang Wei was the president of the company, that the new management was open-minded, powerful, experienced in business management and good at strategic planning, and that the new management hierarchy was expected to contribute to the improvement of the company's internal operations (product capacity, product structure).
2. Industry concentration is critical, and the new cycle of price increases + high-end support has opened, and our per capita beer consumption is in the third highest in Asia, with no room for growth. In terms of per capita consumption, the Czech, German, and US are among the top three countries in the world: 146, 110, 75 litres/years; beer drinking habits are related to human races.
Asia shows a big difference between Europe and America. China’s per capita beer consumption is 33 litres/year, close to Japan by 46.4 litres/year, Korea by 41 litres/year, higher than the world level by 27 litres/year. World beer production distribution in 2018
In 2017, per capita beer consumption in the world grew from 34%, 60% to 41%, and 78%, with Huayun beer surpassing Qingdao's beer as the leader of a Chinese-owned business. For example, only five developed countries had more than 80% cr5, close to the ceiling.
Industry concentration rises close to critical point Māori rates and net interest rates for top businesses in 2017 Roa, Roe
2.1. With the consolidation of capacity, the concentration critical ceiling industry has increased and the concentration critical ceiling has increased. After 2005, large capital inflows have resulted in firms restructuring their capacity through M&As. The annual production of beer in 2017 is nearing recovery and industry integration is nearing completion.
At present, cr5 = 78%, only four countries are currently cr5 > 80%. In 2019, the price of raw materials rose, with firms demanding strong price increases. 40% of beer costs were for packaging materials, and prices have increased considerably in recent years: small increases in boardboards, Ila cans, and companies raising prices in specific areas.
The main brand sales were fast-tracked, and the initial profit recovery in the first quarter of the year was triggered. Figure 15: National new beer production performance, 2001-2017, 2.2. Small upstream cost overhang.
The cost of beer production is more complex: 50% of the package: it consists mainly of cardboard and canned flasks (containable); 15% of barley, 8% of wine, and 5% of rice. The beer production process can be divided into wheat, sugar, fermentation, and packaging four processes.
In 2013-2017, the price of packable canisters moved upwards, leading to a weak bargaining power in the pre-industrial sector. In 2000, the influx of foreign capital surged in the production of beer: overcapacity and negative industry growth in 2012-2017. The price of beer remained largely unchanged for 10 years, only in 2013.
Bottom (some products, mainly irrigation), adjusted for price increases in raw materials at the end of 2017 (18 per cent increase in the price of flavourable materials), the industry is now entering a steady phase of price increases. The starting point for industrial enterprises has been raised from $5 million to $20 million in income from the main business.
The prices of imported barley, cardboard and cardboard were on the move, but some of the products in the industry were raised at the end of 2013 but were not reflected in the statement. According to the National Development Commission, the average price of 350ml canned beer at the end of 2013 increased by 5 to 8 per cent, owing to higher inflation + production costs.
High profits from domestic beer competition in low- and medium-end markets are low, and high-end markets are repressed by foreign brands. The reasons why profits have not been counterproductive are: (i) firms sell their share of the market at a discount, leaving their profits to channelers; and (ii) competition is too intense in low- and medium-end markets.
At the end of 2017, the industry started to raise prices again and sell well. Since the end of 2017, major beer companies have increased some of their product prices to the same extent. After this round, high-end products have grown rapidly, such as the Aoshima Beers brand, which has sold 108 million litres of Qoshima Beer, an increase of 2.4%.
High-end products, such as the verse 1903 and pure beer, have achieved a total sales volume of 53,000 litres, an increase of 6.9 per cent over the same period, and a quarterly report shows positive growth in sales despite higher prices, indicating better acceptance of price increases by channels and less impact on actual sales.
We believe that there is little room to go down in the beer industry, that the main objective of industry price increases for low- and medium-end products is to expand the profit margin, that after years of low-profit, post-war beer companies are no longer able to fight the price war, and that there is a consensus in the industry that there is a trade consensus between winning and profit.
The cost reduction during the sale period is mainly due to financial costs, which later are slowed by the vicious competition of the industry, sales rates are reduced, out-of-plant relocations + production lines are upgraded, and production capacity is optimized. 1994-2002 was the era of intensive company mergers and acquisitions.
In 2014, the purchase of 50% of the stockholdings, the new bellhouse beer, and the business assets related to the chicken beer. In 2015, the purchase of 55% of the green Lansa beer and its marketing network.
In 2018, Shandong, Huabei, China contributed 56%, 20%, and 10%. Shandong's income increased by 3 pct, 1 pct, and China South.
Figure 31: Comparison of the number of beer dealers in Qingqing, Qing Island, and 15.6 million dealers in the company, Nationalization.
Business is two-wheel drive, profits are recovering, total beer sales are growing slowly, but high-end products are growing brightly. Total beer sales are increasing slowly, high-end sales are rising year by year, 23.65 pt in 2017 compared to 2011, especially since the second half of 2018.
The strategy is to drive up the product mix in order to boost sales in South and East China, to rationalize the stock of the “Qingdao” and “Kingshan” brands, and to increase the income share of high-end products over the years.
5.1. Traditional Red Army: The strategic transformation of product focus “1+x” to “1+1+n” has been successful, “1+x” to “1+1+n”. In August 2014, the strategic transformation of corporate products has led to a gradual clarification of the sub-brand approach.
Table 10: A strategic reform of the Qingdao beer brand in June 2003-2018. 5.2. New blues: All-Beat Bread Growth. In recent years, the company has successfully developed special products such as Pearson, All-Beat Bread, and Raw Bolds.
A rich and diverse product experience has resulted in a better product mix, a different competitive advantage between the dominant and the new product, leading to an upgrading of product consumption and maintaining a high-quality, differentiated product.
The big market, a strategy for the Greater East Base economy. Quarters of improvement continued, tons of alcohol prices rose, pressure was expected to increase costs such as barley and glass in 2019, companies were pre-positioned, and the impact of the downside was becoming evident.