China
ZTE (A-Share)
EQUITIES
2Q net loss up to Rmb10.7bn due to fines
Key points
ZTE guided a net loss of Rmb8.7bn~10.7bn in 2Q due to the suspension of
major operating activities and US$1bn fine to strike an agreement w/the US.
The company has cleared another hurdle with a US$400m escrow
agreement on July 12, the final step to remove the ban once completed.
▶ We cut our TP to Rmb12.9 as we trim earnings in 2018/19/20E by
420%/11%/4% to reflect the impact of the fines and operation suspension.
Event
ZTE released 2Q18 guidance of a net loss of Rmb8.7bn~10.7bn vs a net profit
of Rmb1.1bn in 2Q17, owing to the suspension of major operating activities
and the US$1bn fine during the negotiation with the US in an attempt to
Investment fundamentals
remove the denial order (Trading resumes; US$1.4bn settlement, June 13).
On July 12, the company signed an agreement for an additional US$400m
escrow penalty, paving the way to resume operations (link). It is important to
note that the ban will still be in place before the US issues a notice lifting
the ban once the escrow deposit is completed.
Impact
US$400m escrow penalty to be paid within 90 days from Jun 8: According
to the previous settlement deal, ZTE must place US$400m of suspended
penalty money in escrow within 90 days from Jun 8 in addition to the US$1bn
fine before BIS will officially remove ZTE from the Denied Persons List. The
US$1bn fine was booked in 2Q18 based on the company's announcement
while the company has also come to a detailed agreement with US on the
escrow penalty, which marks the final step once the deposit is completed.
000063 CH rel CSI 300 performance, & rec
history
Management reshuffle with the new CEO in place: ZTE tapped an in-house
executive with experience in product research and operations, Xu Ziyang, to
be the new CEO as part of the settlement deal. Previously, Xu served as the
CEO of ZTE's German operations, at a time when the company signed a five-
year service contract with German telecoms operator E-Plus. Along with other
key executive appointments, the new management team vows to uphold
compliance as the top priority.
Earnings and target price revision
Note: Recommendation timeline - if not a continuous line, then there was no
We factor in 2Q guidance and cut earnings in 2018/19/20E by 420%/11%/4%
Macquarie coverage at the time or there was an embargo period
further due to the fines and customers' hanging concerns on the sustainability
(all figures in Rmb unless noted, TP in CNY)
of the company. We lower our TP to Rmb12.9 (from Rmb29.0) on an updated
PE multiple of 13x as a result, the trading average in the past three months.
Analysts
Macquarie Capital Limited
Price catalyst
12-month price target: Rmb12.90 based on 13x 2019E PER.
Catalyst: full 2Q18 results on Aug 23, the removal of the denial order.
Action and recommendation
Maintain Neutral.
ZTE (A-Share)
Macquarie Research
Macquarie Research
ZTE (A-Share)
ZTE (A-Share)
Macquarie Research
Macquarie Research
ZTE (A-Share)
Macquarie Research
ZTE (A-Share)
Macquarie Quant View
The quant model currently holds a marginally negative view on ZTE (A-
Displays where the
Share). The strongest style exposure is Quality, indicating this stock is likely
company's ranked based on
to have a superior and more stable underlying earnings stream. The weakest
the fundamental consensus
style exposure is Price Momentum, indicating this stock has had weak
Price Target and
medium to long term returns which often persist into the future.
Macquarie's Quantitative
Alpha model.
629/926
Two rankings: Local market
Global rank in
(China) and Global sector
Technology Hardware & Equipment
(Technology Hardware &
Equipment)
% of BUY recommendations
50% (2/4)
Number of Price Target downgrades
Number of Price Target upgrades
Factors driving the Alpha Model
Macquarie Alpha Model ranking
A list of comparable companies and their Macquarie Alpha model score
For the comparable firms this chart shows the key underlying styles and their
contribution to the current overall Alpha score.
(higher is better).
Drivers of Stock Return
Macquarie Earnings Sentiment Indicator
The Macquarie Sentiment Indicator is an enhanced earnings revisions
Breakdown of 1 year total return (local currency) into returns from dividends, changes
signal that favours analysts who have more timely and higher conviction
in forward earnings estimates and the resulting change in earnings multiple.
revisions. Current score shown below.
What drove this Company in the last 5 years
How it looks on the Alpha model
Which factor score has had the greatest correlation with the company's
A more granular view of the underlying style scores that drive the alpha (higher is
returns over the last 5 years.
better) and the percentile rank relative to the sector and market.
Source (all charts): FactSet, Thomson Reuters, and Macquarie Research. For more details on the Macquarie Alpha model or for more customised analysis and
Macquarie Research
ZTE (A-Share)
Important disclosures:
Recommendation definitions
Volatility index definition*
Financial definitions
Macquarie - Australia/New Zealand
This is calculated from the volatility of historical
All "Adjusted" data items have had the following
Outperform – return >3% in excess of benchmark return
adjustments made:
price movements.
Added back: goodwill amortisation, provision for
Neutral – return within 3% of benchmark return
Underperform – return >3% below benchmark return
Very high-highest risk - Stock should be
catastrophe reserves, IFRS derivatives & hedging,
expected to move up or down 60-100% in a year
IFRS impairments & IFRS interest expense
Benchmark return is determined by long term nominal
investors should be aware this stock is highly
Excluded: non recurring items, asset revals, property
GDP growth plus 12 month forward market dividend
revals, appraisal value uplift, preference dividends &
speculative.
yield, which is currently around 9%.
minority interests
High - stock should be expected to move up or
Macquarie – Asia/Europe
EPS = adjusted net profit / efpowa*
down at least 40-60% in a year - investors should
Outperform – expected return >+10%
be aware this stock could be speculative.
ROA = adjusted ebit / average total assets
Neutral - expected return from -10% to +10%
ROA Banks/Insurance = adjusted net profit /average
Underperform – expected return <-10%
Medium – stock should be expected to move up
total assets
Macquarie - South Africa
or down at least 30-40% in a year.
ROE = adjusted net profit / average shareholders funds
Outperform - expected return >+10%
Gross cashflow = adjusted net profit + depreciation
Neutral - expected return from -10% to +10%
Low-medium – stock should be expected to
Underperform – expected return <-10%
move up or down at least 25-30% in a year.
number of shares
Macquarie - Canada
Low – stock should be expected to move up or
All Reported numbers for Australian/NZ listed stocks
Outperform - return >5% in excess of benchmark return
down at least 15-25% in a year.
are modelled under IFRS (International Financial
Neutral – return within 5% of benchmark return
Reporting Standards).
Underperform – return >5% below benchmark return
only
Macquarie - USA
Recommendations – 12 months
Outperform (Buy) – return >5% in excess of Russell
Note: Quant recommendations may differ from
3000 index return
Neutral (Hold) – return within 5% of Russell 3000 index
return
index return
000063 CH vs CSI 300, & rec history
(all figures in CNY currency unless noted)
Note: Recommendation timeline - if not a continuous line, then there was no Macquarie coverage at the time or there was an embargo period.
12-month target price methodology
000063 CH: Rmb12.90 based on a PER methodology
Company-specific disclosures:
Target price risk disclosures:
000063 CH: Any inability to compete successfully in their markets may harm the business. This could be a result of many factors which may include
geographic mix and introduction of improved products or service offerings by competitors. The results of operations may be materially affected by global
economic conditions generally, including conditions in financial markets. The company is exposed to market risks, such as changes in interest rates,
foreign exchange rates and input prices. From time to time, the company will enter into transactions, including transactions in derivative instruments, to
manage certain of these exposures.
Analyst certification:
We hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views about the subject company or companies and its or
their securities. We also certify that no part of our compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views
expressed in this report. The Analysts responsible for preparing this report receive compensation from Macquarie that is based upon various factors
including Macquarie Group Ltd total revenues, a portion of which are generated by Macquarie Group's Investment Banking activities.
General disclaimers:
Macquarie Securities (Australia) Ltd; Macquarie Capital (Europe) Ltd; Macquarie Capital Markets Canada Ltd; Macquarie Capital Markets North America
Ltd; Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc; Macquarie Capital Limited, Taiwan Securities Branch; Macquarie Capital Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd; Macquarie
Securities (NZ) Ltd; Macquarie Equities South Africa (Pty) Ltd; Macquarie Capital Securities (India) Pvt Ltd; Macquarie Capital Securities (Malaysia) Sdn
Bhd; Macquarie Securities Korea Limited and Macquarie Securities (Thailand) Ltd are not authorized deposit-taking institutions for the purposes of the
Macquarie Research
ZTE (A-Share)
008 583 542 (MBL) or MGL. MBL does not guarantee or otherwise provide assurance in respect of the obligations of any of the above mentioned
entities. MGL provides a guarantee to the Monetary Authority of Singapore in respect of the obligations and liabilities of Macquarie Capital Securities
(Singapore) Pte Ltd for up to SGD 35 million. This research has been prepared for the general use of the wholesale clients of the Macquarie Group and
must not be copied, either in whole or in part, or distributed to any other person. If you are not the intended recipient you must not use or disclose the
information in this research in any way. If you received it in error, please tell us immediately by return e-mail and delete the document. We do not
guarantee the integrity of any e-mails or attached files and are not responsible for any changes made to them by any other person. MGL has
established and implemented a conflicts policy at group level (which may be revised and updated from time to time) (the "Conflicts Policy") pursuant to
regulatory requirements (including the FCA Rules) which sets out how we must seek to identify and manage all material conflicts of interest. Nothing in
this research shall be construed as a solicitation to buy or sell any security or product, or to engage in or refrain from engaging in any transaction. In
preparing this research, we did not take into account your investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs. Macquarie salespeople, traders
and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients that reflect opinions which are contrary to the
opinions expressed in this research. Macquarie Research produces a variety of research products including, but not limited to, fundamental analysis,
macro-economic analysis, quantitative analysis, and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of research product may differ from
recommendations contained in other types of research, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies, or otherwise. Before making an
investment decision on the basis of this research, you need to consider, with or without the assistance of an adviser, whether the advice is appropriate
in light of your particular investment needs, objectives and financial circumstances. There are risks involved in securities trading. The price of securities
can and does fluctuate, and an individual security may even become valueless. International investors are reminded of the additional risks inherent in
international investments, such as currency fluctuations and international stock market or economic conditions, which may adversely affect the value of
the investment. This research is based on information obtained from sources believed to be reliable but we do not make any representation or warranty
that it is accurate, complete or up to date. We accept no obligation to correct or update the information or opinions in it. Opinions expressed are subject
to change without notice. No member of the Macquarie Group accepts any liability whatsoever for any direct, indirect, consequential or other loss arising
from any use of this research and/or further communication in relation to this research. Clients should contact analysts at, and execute transactions
through, a Macquarie Group entity in their home jurisdiction unless governing law permits otherwise. The date and timestamp for above share price and
market cap is the closed price of the price date. #CLOSE is the final price at which the security is traded in the relevant exchange on the date indicated.
Members of the Macro Strategy team are Sales & Trading personnel who provide desk commentary that is not a product of the Macquarie Research
department or subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or any other regulation regarding independence in the provision of equity research.
Country-specific disclaimers:
Australia: In Australia, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Securities (Australia) Ltd (AFSL No. 238947), a participating organization of the
Australian Securities Exchange. Macquarie Securities (Australia) Limited staff involved with the preparation of research have regular interaction with
companies they cover. Additionally, Macquarie Group Limited does and seeks to do business with companies covered by Macquarie Research. There
are robust information barriers in place to protect the independence of Macquarie Research's product. However, recipients of Macquarie Research
should be aware of this potential conflict of interest. New Zealand: In New Zealand, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Securities (NZ) Ltd,
a NZX Firm. Canada: In Canada, research is prepared, approved and distributed by Macquarie Capital Markets Canada Ltd., a (i) member of the
Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada and the Canadian Investor Protection Fund, and (ii) participating organisation of the Toronto
Stock Exchange, TSX Venture Exchange & Montréal Exchange. This research is distributed in the United States, as third party research by Macquarie
Capital Markets North America Ltd., which is a registered broker-dealer and member of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and the Securities
Investor Protection Corporation. Macquarie Capital Markets North America Ltd. accepts responsibility for the contents of reports issued by Macquarie
Capital Markets Canada Ltd. in the United States and sent to US persons. Any US person wishing to effect transactions in the securities described in
the reports issued by Macquarie Capital Markets Canada Ltd. should do so with Macquarie Capital Markets North America Ltd. This research is
intended for distribution in the United States only to major Institutional Investors (as such term is defined in SEC 15a-6 and Section 15 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) and is not intended for the use of any person or entity that is not a major institutional investor. Research analysts
of Macquarie Capital Markets Canada Ltd. are not registered/qualified as research analysts with FINRA. The Research Distribution Policy of Macquarie
Capital Markets Canada Ltd. is to allow all clients that are entitled to have equal access to our research. United Kingdom: In the United Kingdom,
research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Capital (Europe) Ltd, which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (No.
193905). Germany: In Germany, this research is issued and/or distributed by Macquarie Capital (Europe) Limited, Niederlassung Deutschland, which is
authorised and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (No. 193905), and in Germany by BaFin. France: In France, research is issued and
distributed by Macquarie Capital (Europe) Ltd, which is authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial Conduct Authority (No.
193905). Hong Kong & Mainland China: In Hong Kong, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Capital Limited, which is licensed and
regulated by the Securities and Futures Commission. In Mainland China, Macquarie Securities (Australia) Limited Shanghai Representative Office only
engages in non-business operational activities excluding issuing and distributing research. Only non-A share research is distributed into Mainland China
by Macquarie Capital Limited. Japan: In Japan, research is Issued and distributed by Macquarie Capital Securities (Japan) Limited, a member of the
Tokyo Stock Exchange, Inc. and Osaka Exchange, Inc. (Financial Instruments Firm, Kanto Financial Bureau (kin-sho) No. 231, a member of Japan
Securities Dealers Association). India: In India, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Capital Securities (India) Pvt. Ltd. (CIN:
U65920MH1995PTC090696), 92, Level 9, 2 North Avenue, Maker Maxity, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051, India, which is a
SEBI registered Research Analyst having registration no. INH000000545. Malaysia: In Malaysia, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie
Capital Securities (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. (Company registration number: 463469-W) which is a Participating Organisation of Bursa Malaysia Berhad and
a holder of Capital Markets Services License issued by the Securities Commission. Taiwan: In Taiwan, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie
Capital Limited, Taiwan Securities Branch, which is licensed and regulated by the Financial Supervisory Commission. No portion of the report may be
reproduced or quoted by the press or any other person without authorisation from Macquarie. Nothing in this research shall be construed as a
solicitation to buy or sell any security or product. The recipient of this report shall not engage in any activities which may give rise to potential conflicts of
interest to the report. Research Associate(s) in this report who are registered as Clerks only assist in the preparation of research and are not engaged in
writing the research. Macquarie may be in past one year or now being an Issuer of Structured Warrants on securities mentioned in this report. Thailand:
In Thailand, research is produced, issued and distributed by Macquarie Securities (Thailand) Ltd. Macquarie Securities (Thailand) Ltd. is a licensed
securities company that is authorized by the Ministry of Finance, regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission of Thailand and is an exchange
member of the Stock Exchange of Thailand. The Thai Institute of Directors Association has disclosed the Corporate Governance Report of Thai Listed
Companies made pursuant to the policy of the Securities and Exchange Commission of Thailand, Macquarie Securities (Thailand) Ltd does not endorse
iod.com/en/publications.asp?type=4. South Korea: In South Korea, unless otherwise stated, research is prepared, issued and distributed by Macquarie
Securities Korea Limited, which is regulated by the Financial Supervisory Services. Information on analysts in MSKL is disclosed at
001000. South Africa: In South Africa, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Equities South Africa (Pty) Ltd, a member of the JSE Limited.
Singapore: In Singapore, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Capital Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd (Company Registration Number:
198702912C), a Capital Markets Services license holder under the Securities and Futures Act to deal in securities and provide custodial services in
Singapore, Pursuant to the Financial Advisers (Amendment) Regulations 2005, Macquarie Capital Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd is exempt from
complying with sections 25, 27 and 36 of the Financial Advisers Act. All Singapore-based recipients of research produced by Macquarie Capital
(Europe) Limited, Macquarie Capital Markets Canada Ltd, Macquarie Equities South Africa (Pty) Ltd and Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. represent and
warrant that they are institutional investors as defined in the Securities and Futures Act. United States: In the United States, research is issued and
distributed by Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc., which is a registered broker-dealer and member of FINRA. Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc., accepts
responsibility for the content of each research report prepared by one of its non-US affiliates when the research report is distributed in the United States
by Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc.'s affiliate's analysts are not registered as research analysts with FINRA, may not be
associated persons of Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc., and therefore may not be subject to FINRA rule restrictions on communications with a subject
company, public appearances, and trading securities held by a research analyst account. Information regarding futures is provided for reference
purposes only and is not a solicitation for purchases or sales of futures. Any persons receiving this report directly from Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. and
Macquarie Research
ZTE (A-Share)
wishing to effect a transaction in any security described herein should do so with Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. Important disclosure information
representative at 1-888-MAC-STOCK, or write to the Supervisory Analysts, Research Department, Macquarie Securities, 125 W.55th Street, New York,
NÝ 10019.
© Macquarie Group
Equities
Asia Research
Head of Equity Research
Emerging Leaders
Technology
Jake Lynch (Asia - Head)
Jake Lynch (Asia)
Damian Thong (Asia, Japan)
Hiroyuki Sakaida (Japan - Head)
Kwang Cho (Korea)
Allen Chang (Greater China)
Conrad Werner (ASEAN - Head)
Corinne Jian (Greater China)
Jeffrey Ohlweiler (Greater China)
Conrad Werner (ASEAN)
Chris Yu (Greater China)
Automobiles, Auto Parts
Bo Denworalak (Thailand)
Kaylin Tsai (Greater China)
Lynn Luo (Greater China)
Janet Lewis (China, Japan)
Infrastructure, Industrials, Transportation
Patrick Liao (Greater China)
Allen Yuan (China)
Verena Jeng (Greater China)
Patrick Dai (China)
James Hong (Korea)
Daniel Kim (Korea)
Amit Mishra (India)
Eric Zong (China, Hong Kong)
Abhishek Bhandari (India)
Kunio Sakaida (Japan)
Banks and Financials
Farrah Aglima (Malaysia)
James Hong (Korea)
Corinne Jian (Taiwan)
Scott Russell (Asia)
Telecoms
Inderjeetsingh Bhatia (India)
Dexter Hsu (China, Taiwan)
Azita Nazrene (ASEAN)
Allen Chang (Greater China)
Keisuke Moriyama (Japan)
Prem Jearajasingam (ASEAN)
Chan Hwang (Korea)
Internet, Media and Software
Kervin Sisayan (Philippines)
Suresh Ganapathy (India)
Nathania Nurhalim (Indonesia)
Jayden Vantarakis (Indonesia)
Wendy Huang (Asia)
Anand Pathmakanthan (Malaysia)
Marcus Yang (Greater China)
Utilities, Renewables
Gilbert Lopez (Philippines)
David Gibson (Japan)
Ken Ang (Singapore)
Alankar Garude (India)
Hiroyuki Sakaida (Japan)
Peach Patharavanakul (Thailand)
Patrick Dai (China)
Oil, Gas and Petrochemicals
Inderjeetsingh Bhatia (India)
Basic Materials
Karisa Magpayo (Philippines)
Aditya Suresh (Asia)
Yasuhiro Nakada (Japan)
Anna Park (Asia)
Quantitative, CPG
Anna Park (Korea)
Yasuhiro Nakada (Japan)
Sumangal Nevatia (India)
Corinne Jian (Taiwan)
Gurvinder Brar (Global)
Jayden Vantarakis (Indonesia)
Ben Shane Lim (Malaysia)
John Conomos (Asia)
Farrah Aqlima (Malaysia)
Yupapan Polpornprasert (Thailand)
Alvin Chao (Asia)
Tracy Chow (Asia)
Pharmaceuticals and Healthcare
Conglomerates
YingYing Hou (Asia)
David Ng (China, Hong Kong)
Corinne Jian (China)
Strategy, Country
Conrad Werner (Singapore)
Alankar Garude (India)
Gilbert Lopez (Philippines)
Richardo Walujo (Indonesia)
Viktor Shvets (Asia, Global)
David Ng (China, Hong Kong)
Consumer, Gaming
Property, REIT
Hiroyuki Sakaida (Japan)
Chan Hwang (Korea)
Linda Huang (Asia)
Tuck Yin Soong (Asia, Singapore)
Jeffrey Ohlweiler (Taiwan)
Zibo Chen (China, Hong Kong)
David Ng (China, Hong Kong)
Inderjeetsingh Bhatia (India)
Terence Chang (China, Hong Kong)
Kelvin Tam (China)
Jayden Vantarakis (Indonesia)
Sunny Chow (China, Hong Kong)
Keisuke Moriyama (Japan)
Anand Pathmakanthan (Malaysia)
Stella Li (China, Taiwan)
Tomoyoshi Omuro (Japan)
Gilbert Lopez (Philippines)
Abhishek Bhandari (India)
Leon Rapp (Japan)
Conrad Werner (ASEAN, Singapore)
Kwang Cho (Korea)
Aiman Mohamad (Malaysia)
Peach Patharavanakul (Thailand)
Kervin Sisayan (Philippines)
Amit Sinha (India)
Karisa Magpayo (Philippines)
Richard Danusaputra (Indonesia)
Chalinee Congmuang (Thailand)
Find our research at
Robert Pranata (Indonesia)
Macquarie:
Richardo Waluio (Indonesia)
Thomson:
Denise Soon (Malaysia)
Reuters:
MAC GO
Bloomberg:
Factset:
CapitallQ
Asia Sales
Regional Heads of Sales
Regional Heads of Sales cont'd
Sales Trading cont'd
Miki Edelman (Global)
Paul Colaco (San Francisco)
Suhaida Samsudin (Malaysia)
Amelia Mehta (Asia)
Angus Kent (Thailand)
Michael Santos (Philippines)
Jeffrey Shiu (China, Hong Kong)
Ben Musgrave (UK/Europe)
Chris Reale (New York)
Sandeep Bhatia (India)
Christina Lee (UK/Europe)
Marc Rosa (New York)
Thomas Renz (Geneva)
Justin Morrison (Singapore)
Sales Trading
Tomohiro Takahashi (Japan)
Daniel Clarke (Taiwan)
John Jay Lee (Korea)
Brendan Rake (Thailand)
Adam Zaki (Asia)
Nik Hadi (Malaysia)
Mike Keen (UK/Europe)
Stanley Dunda (Indonesia)
Gino C Rojas (Philippines)