Energy-for-technology (600183) Electronics, global top-of-the-shelf price rises, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: 2021h1, the company achieved operating income of $9.83 billion, an increase of 42.9 per cent over the same period; achieved net profit of $1.41 billion for the mother, an increase of 71.3 per cent over the same period; achieved good results in early strategic deployment of the company and high performance growth during the reporting period.
At the end of the period, the company adjusted its product structure in a timely manner, taking full advantage of the additional production capacity, and achieved a flat price increase in the price of raw materials under the trend of rising prices, which increased by 42.9 per cent over the reporting period, a significant increase over previous years.) At the end of the profit, the company faced rapid growth in the pcb market.
The timely restructuring of the product and the full utilization of the additional production capacity resulted in a 71.3 per cent increase in the corporate net return profit over the reporting period, compared with a 28.7 per cent increase in the corporate Maori rate over the reporting period, an increase of 2.0 pp over the same period; a net interest rate of 14.9 per cent, without fear of the negative effects of the epidemic, and the company’s continuous development of radar technology and technology.
Technical cooperation with advanced end-users, where autonomously developed products are market recognized and widely applied to electronic products such as 5g antennas, telecommunications base stations, mobile terminals, auto electronics, smart homes, etc. As early as 2016, the National Centre for Research on Engineering and Technology for Electronic Circuit-based Materials, organized by the company, had passed through the country
The Ministry of Science and Technology has approved ongoing systematic research and development, the export of research results, and the introduction of a range of new processes and products suitable to be produced by enterprises. While the 2020 epidemic and the Chinese-American trade dispute have had a negative impact on the electronics industry as a whole, this year, companies have concentrated their resources on priority clients and priorities.
• Establish strategic partnerships with suppliers and customers for win-win (wintowin). Companies have been following the business management philosophy of providing “goods and services that meet customers' requirements in a timely manner and continuously improving”
On the supplier side, the company has created a distribution model for a srm system that makes it possible to stop commercial bribery, strengthen supply chain management, and achieve real industrial chain synergies. On the cost of production, the Division works in depth on stpcm, promoting “big logistics” in the context of transport supply-side integration and the development of transport networks.
Taking advantage of the opportunities of the 5-g era, one of the “China’s greatest” technologies was created in 1985 to bring together research, development, production, marketing, and services as a supplier of global electronic circuit-based cores. In 1998, company stocks were placed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
From 2013 to 2020, the total sales of hard-to-tech copper sheets rose to the second highest in the world. Companies have always been based on high standards, high quality, high performance, high reliability, and have produced high-end production materials on their own, including insulation presses, metal-based copper slabs, coatings, semi-stabilized tablets, resin-coated copper slabs, and coated membranes.
To be used in the production of singles, double-faced circuit boards and high-level multi-layered circuit boards, which are widely used in home power, mobile phones, cars, computers, and a variety of medium- and high-end electronics. After more than three decades of development, the company became the largest copper-plate manufacturer in mainland China and won “the largest in China” (the copper-plate production base).
Looking at the growth of companies in recent years, the technology for profit is deeply rooted in the central rationale of “customer-centred, value-oriented” and in keeping with industry trends, and in keeping with the rapid growth of opportunities. In 2015, the company established a strategic shift from “procurement” to “supply chain management” and over 16 years designed and constructed a “supply chain management department” to support the company’s operations.
In 2018, profit technology made a remarkable difference in the diffusion of new products and market openings, seized the opportunity of 5g development, achieved a major breakthrough in certification and sales, and, with the trend towards national production of materials doubling in sales, the metal base plate came into the car-led terminal and expanded the market considerably. In 2020, companies were consolidated and strengthened in motor electronics, high frequency, high speed, and uniforms.
Market image and product layout in areas such as instrumentors have also achieved major technological breakthroughs in research and development of products that influence future trends by pooling strengths and combining relevant technological resources.
Since the company was listed in 1998, it has been fragmented, with no shareholder holding 30%, and no single shareholder can control the firm’s decision-making.
Company Limited and Weihua Electronics Ltd., with a shareholding ratio of 22.79 per cent, 14.94 per cent and 14.17 per cent, respectively.The company’s main business consists mainly of copper and glue sheets and printed circuit boards.In terms of collection structure, in 2020, copper and stickers generated revenues of $10.85 billion, an increase of 8.5 per cent.
In terms of Māori structure, in 2020, the Māori rate was 25.5 per cent for the company ' s main business and 70.5 per cent for the Māori business; 26.1 per cent for the Māori business and 23.6 per cent for the Māori business, and 29.3 per cent for the Māori business and the Māori business, which increased by 2.0 pp and increased by 88.4 per cent for the Māori business;
The Māori rate was 18.8%, a decline of 10.3 pp from the previous year, and Māori ' s share of 11.6%. During the first half of 2021, there was a significant increase in corporate business earnings and net return profits.
New production capacity, sales and prices of various types of products from the coatings have increased by the same amount, with operating income of $9.83 billion for the reporting period, or 42.9 per cent for the same period; net return to the mother of $1.41 billion, or 71.3 per cent for the same period); cash flows from operating activities: net cash flows from operating companies declined in 2017 from 2016 to 2020.
Cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of services increased and net cash flow from operating activities was 1.36 billion yuan, a decline in the same year. The firm ' s net ratio was now 1.0 in 2021, a decline in the same year, mainly due to a larger decline in net cash flows from operating activities.
Assumption 1: In the face of the continuing rise in the price of raw materials from the copper ceiling, companies are strategically deployed ahead of schedule, product structures and market strategies are adjusted in a timely manner, copper ceiling operations are growing by 61.6 per cent in the first half of 2021, and demand for emerging industries downstream in the future. Assumption 2: Corporate pcb operations are affected by the construction of 5g base stations in the first half of 21, with revenues falling by 13.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The construction of the 5g base station is expected to accelerate in the second half of the year, while adding to other downstream applications the continuing demand for the pcb board, and we have selected four major comparable companies in the industry, namely, new materials in South Asia, super-Chinese technology, Xanwang Electronics, and Hwazheng-Jung-Chung, which are expected to grow at a composite rate of 27% or more. Considering the company’s global leader in the copper slab area, it is hoped that this will lead to a growth rate of over 27%.
The company ' s pcb business is still in a fast-growing crediting phase for the next 2-3 years, and we give the company 32 times the risk of fluctuations in raw material prices in 2021, as compared with the company ' s valuation 1:
Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author know that there are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence with respect to securities evaluated or recommended in this report. If you are not a professional investor in your client’s own company, do not receive, subscribe to or use any of the information in this report.
The information, opinions and assumptions reflect only the firm’s judgement as of the date of publication of the present report that the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report could rise and that past performance should not be used as a basis for future performance. At different times, the company may issue reports that are inconsistent with the information, opinions and assumptions contained in this report.
At the same time, the information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
Neither does it constitute an investment proposal for any individual.