The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) q2 is over-expected, profits are raised + high-end layouts release elasticity, profits from price hikes are realized, and it still looks good to keep Māori in high places. The price increases are driven by the cost of raw materials.
In the future, we believe that with the supply and demand of raw materials, we are looking at the future.
Level-up - a quarterly review of technology for profit, improved performance, productive capacity, high demand for stocks, and a fall in prices for the copper-plate industry.
Pressure, but on the one hand, corporate customer strategy is better and high prices more sustainable, and on the other hand, industry chain rules can help industry out of production capacity, eventually raising the bargaining power of the leading copper-plating plant, with a higher level of Māori in the company unit.
The company focuses on the company’s profits. 4. Hydrocarbon proposal has been demonstrated, and the company is forward-looking and flexible.
In the short and medium term, the company has been able to implement the Technology-Learning Incident Review, and the net interest rate of the subsidiary is about 10 points lower than that of the Guangdong parent, so the subsidiary is profitable.
“Mauritage rates continue to be high, and the high-end penetration logic continues to rise. One of the company’s priorities this year is to strengthen the management of subsidiary sales and procurement, which has already begun to work in the second quarter and is expected to continue to increase profitability this year.
2) In the long term, companies have deployed high-end products such as high-frequency high-speed, miniled ccl, enveloped base plate, among which high-frequency has successfully entered the mainstream of the market, high-speed deliveries are driven by specialized communications equipment and server platform changes, and Miniled has entered the Great Client Supply Chain of North America
The product structure is expected to increase the company’s normal profit-making and ambition level. Based on the logic of increased profitability and high-end product release, we believe that the company’s growth attributes will be enhanced.
Once again, we recognize that the future profit growth space will be fully released.
Liu Yeon Shen luyanxue@gjzq.com.cn The price transfer of raw materials was blocked; demand was not as high as expected; and new products were not released as expected.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment