High growth in information technology hardware and equipment pcb operations, starting cycle growth unit growth year event: operating income of $11,981 million in 2018, compared to +11.45 per cent; realization of return
q4 battalion harvests have not increased and are highly correlated with the downward trend throughout the year. The 2018h1 industry has continued with the q4 effect of 2017, with a moderate season, q3 starting demand has not shown a good season, and q4 has experienced a sharp decline in demand, mainly due to economic pressure and trade pessimism expectations.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) q4 profits fell faster than revenue, owing to a certain decline in the price of the coating plate (highest/minimum in 12 months, depending on the size of the plate)
Costs (employee bonuses, salary increases, etc., which are estimated to have increased by tens of millions) and financial costs (technology and technology of benefit (600183), Pacific Securities - Debt Transfer 7-8 million yuan/month) increased, as did the preparation costs for the new project in Nantong and Shaanxi.
The electronics industry - profit from technology (600183) has an impact on net profits. q4-quarter Maori rate of 27% is the new accounting standards for R&D costs Science and technology: performance meets expectations, under short-term pressure
The method of recognition has been adjusted (originally manufacturing costs, which are listed separately), q4 having moved towards the high end manufacturing year of 2019.
(a) Copperboard and glue operations (growth rate + 9 per cent), with direct material costs of $6.84 billion, representing 87 per cent of the total cost, compared with +11.5 per cent and slightly faster than the rate of increase; and direct labour of 345 million, representing 4.4 per cent of the total cost, compared with +42 per cent, faster than the rate of increase, with a rise in the salaries of the main departments;
At a cost of $60 million, or 7.8 per cent of the total cost, and at a rate of -22 per cent, energy and equipment efficiency was improved.pcb operations (accre rate + 21 per cent), at a direct material cost of $900 million, or 59 per cent of the total cost, compared with + 23 per cent, increased slightly faster than the total cost; direct labour of 130 million, or 8.8 per cent of the total cost.
+14 per cent, slower than the rate of increase in revenue. It can be seen that in both labour and manufacturing costs, which are relatively large with the marginal effects of expansion (materials need to be purchased on a continuous basis, but labour and equipment can be used with high usage rates), the rate of cost increases are significantly slower than the rate of increase in revenue, indicating the benefits of generating electronics.
The high growth of the pcb operation, which opened the cycle of growth of the share growth chronology At the cost end of the year, the financial cost was $184 million, compared with +112 per cent, which was an increase in the transfer cost; Management of the overall operating cost end control was effective.
(b) In the second half of 2018, in the second half of the year, in terms of sales and prices, the coating plate was in the second half of 2018.
The same-year increase was lower than in the first half of the year, mainly in demand. The pcb also followed this trend, mainly because the company adjusted the order structure, the price of which rose by 19 per cent in the second half of the year, the company was one of China’s main suppliers, and the two combined accounted for more than 50 per cent of the revenue, as they moved downstream.
Intergenerational demand for communications, the value of company products + sales will continue to rise simultaneously. Shaanxi's profits will be $1.912 billion, or +12.6 per cent, and net profits will be $75 million, or -30 per cent; Suzhou's revenues will be $2,328 million, or +19 per cent, and a net profit of $141 million, last year.
(b) Non-recurrent gains and losses totalling $75.67 million, including government subsidies of $5.216 million, non-current assets disposal gains and losses of $6.718 million (reimbursement for the demolition of the Suzhou welfare accommodation building) and return on investment
- 2.186 million yuan for transactional financial assets with an impact on current profits of $24.75 million (change in fair value of profit capital equity instruments): 370 million dollars for intangible assets, +31 per cent of the year, acquisition of land use rights and proprietary technologies;
850 million yuan (plus 187 per cent) in construction work, which is a contribution to the second phase of Jianxi's life, the second phase of Jiangsu's life, the second phase of its work, the second phase of its work, the second phase of its work, the third phase of its expansion, the development of its office building, and the second phase of Jiangxi's work:
Short-term loans of 820 million, year-on-year, 41 per cent. Remedial fund-raising flows and a decrease in bank borrowings. The transfer of long-term out-of-pocket loans to current loans as they matured within one year led to a change in the same ratio for both: 1.337 billion net operating cash flows, +125 per cent, as a result of recovery in the third and fourth quarters
(b) Net cash flows from investment activities of $1197 million, or 72 per cent, representing an increase in capital expenditure;
R & D inputs doubled, starting the 2019 high-end manufacturing year: R & D costs 528 million, or 4.4 per cent of income, 1185 R & D personnel, or 13 per cent of the total, and R & D costs increased by 115 per cent, 5g, fccl, i.e., investment in projects, etc.
Autonomously developed products should be used for 5g antennas, communications backbone networks, telecommunications base stations, large computers, routers, servers, etc., with clients including Nokia, Huayuan, Naking, Kyunshin, Juno Flying, Waves, Bo, Continents, etc.
At the end of the business, the server used high-speed materials to increase its sales, the high-frequency material was certified, major breakthroughs were doubled, and the metal base-plate penetration into the car-led terminal widened the market.
High-heat-resistant base material; high-speed base material to meet the requirements of 5g network communications and terminal markets, radio frequency, high-frequency copper base material, servers, storage material to meet needs in areas such as 4g-5g, antennae, etc.; high-performance, non-gile material, led lighting and black pools for vehicle-borne lighting
Amphemide membrane; led wrapped high-efficiency dispersible copper sheeting. pcb operations focused on breaking the light module applied to 10g-100g PV network chip circuit boards, back drilling processes and resins to meet the needs of urban router products of 56g or 120g
Secon technology, which meets the needs of the fifth generation of mobile communications for high-frequency high-speed panels and local high-powered metrology evaporation +hdi+ copper block compound technology. Industry goes to stock, product prices drops short-term performance pressure.
The current pcb company has a shelf life of about a week and is at a low level, with the price of the coatings falling again (1-5% of the different plates). We believe that the q1 industry will replenish the stock in 2019 and demand will begin to warm up as the economy begins to warm.
Earlier, we presented Taiwan's printed circuit board cp values to predict the industry's mood: 4. But, if we look at the distribution of large points in the first half of 2018 and cp values spanning five months of single peaks, we see this as a sign of demand next year.
5. We therefore believe that the global demand for the pcb sector as a whole in 2019 is under pressure, with a decline in the overall growth loop and a steady recovery in demand in the second half of the year.
In particular, q1 new production capacity was not released (the high heat density project for Shaanxi II (approximately 350,000 pygm/month) was expected to be operational), the new project required expenditure and the industry of 2018h1 was slow, and the chain was already starting to replenish stocks (the cp value began to rise).
The Chinese-American technological war, which has been instrumental in accelerating the replacement of high-end national production of base materials, will be a high-tech manufacturing year in 2019: it will be one of the themes of US-China national relations in the years to come.
In the first year after childbirth, 50% of the target was achieved, the average price and profit rate were higher than the normal fr4, and certification at the end-client level is now relatively smooth, with five communications equipment operators and four communications operators acquired.
As the construction progresses, the HF project will contribute to the semiconductor base, following the announcement by the company that 17 million square tg, no haloccl, and 22 million mpp projects and research and development office buildings will be built in Lake East Pine.
The construction project will be converted into a plan for the production line of the base plate material for the loading board.
The E-Breath programme, which expands the production capacity of high-precision pcb, will gradually benefit the construction needs of 5g: E-Breathing is a home-based enterprise characterized by hdi, digital equipment pcb, which currently has a total output of about 13 million square feet/year and is intensifying its expansion.
At present, the company holds about 70% of the interest electronics, is fully autonomous, and investment projects will be financed from either its own funds or funds. In terms of technical capabilities, based on the company ' s updated information in 2016, the general system board can be used.
The highest 38th floor, the backboard 58th floor, the Hdi 28th floor, which is in the lead among the IBEs, after the deep south, the power supply, the Zhonda, etc., but the company's top line is now about 2.5 m2 wide, and it's in business.
It's a first-class level that meets the requirements of a normal smartphone hdi panel. It can be seen that a technologically profitable electronic is a medium-end high-end product supplier with Hdi fine-wiring expertise, and can produce high-level, multi-stretch backboards for communications equipment.
The investment in the company’s capacity could be further expanded to match the 5g investment needs: the total amount of the investment plan is RMB 1.5 billion, and the project’s output/investment is in line with the industry’s practice in pcb.
Between 2-3 million yuan in estimated output, taking into account the average price of the products under the new generation communications, there will be a 1.5-2-fold increase, and the production capacity of the Wanjiang plant will be transferred to the Iioka Hill Development Area, whereby the project ' s additional capacity may be estimated to be up to 1 million square metres (the voucher dealer measured, phased out).
Based on the existing disclosures, the company has now entered into an investment contract with the local government to purchase approximately 179 acres of industrial land in the economic and technological development area of Okayama, followed by:
(b) Construction began within 180 days of the acquisition of land use rights (the main project base was opened).
(a) Completion and completion of work within 24 months of the date of commencement;
Given that the project product is a high-precision circuit board for communication networks, servers and other areas, it is highly correlated with the need for a 5g base station, server, cellular phone, and material networking equipment. The input point is therefore well suited to meet the 5g investment, downstream consumption-induced pcb demand.
We believe that the contribution of income-generating electronics to the performance of the group will gradually increase.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report