Yunnan White (000538), pharmaceutical biology has grown in line with expectations, and looks forward to the long-term development of the company, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Operating income, net profit return, net profit deductions, $6.05 billion, $1.040 billion and $990 million, respectively, are expected to increase performance and value the company ' s long-term development. Income in the first three quarters of 2017 was approximately $18 billion, or 10.6 per cent, a decline of about 0.3 percentage points over the same period; and operating income for the parent company was about $30 per cent over the period.
Adjustment of distribution patterns and strengthening of sales inputs; in a single quarter, the parent company ' s revenue growth rate of 2017q3 was about 4.9 per cent, and we judged that pressure to increase the income of the company ' s pharmaceutical industry was still present, either as a result of production, which was about 7.8 per cent in the same year, less than the increase of about 2.8 percentage points in the same period, mainly because of sales.
Model adjustments, as well as increased market inputs for health products, have led to higher costs. In a single quarter, 201q3 operating income, net profit deductions and a corresponding increase of 3.6 per cent and 6.3 per cent, respectively, with a net profit acceleration of about 3 percentage points; due to the negative growth of the single-quarter earnings of the parent company, we judge the single-quarter company.
Businesses such as pharmaceutical commerce and solarization continue to grow at a relatively rapid pace. With the expected strong impact of changes in the mixed ownership of shareholders in companies, such as landing and market-based incentives, it is expected that the company’s fundamentals will continue to recover, and that it will continue to look forward to the future.
The stockholding structure of the white-drug-controlled stockholders is “45%: Xinhuatsu: 45%: Jiangsu fish leap 10%” and will promote more market-based governance and decision-making mechanisms in the company. The white-drug-based management team has now completed market-based recruitment and does not have a civil servant or public status, judging that the mix has been completed or will be promoted.
Market-based incentives are in place; 2) Xinhua and Jiangsu fish will jump into the stocks of the Pharmacy Control, which will create channels and synergies with the industry.
Combustion has led the industry.a The growth of the long-term Pharmacy Industry, the competitive edge of the Pharmacy Market has clearly led to a higher rate of market penetration in the area of disaggregating drugs, as well as a faster rate of income growth in the area of generic drugs such as gas and gas,b and the rapid growth in the performance of the Chinese Drug Resources Industry, which is clearly and already characterized by a high level of growth.
The new business model, such as “o2o”, is expected to be a new growth point for companies in the future: c. Growth of large healthy businesses is steady, power-market platforms are actively expanded, and Xinhua is involved in this process, joining forces or promoting new growth in large healthy businesses.
The emergence of drugs and the complete distribution of large health, and the mixed transformation of the group level, has made its prospects more promising, with catalysts such as price increases, performance growth, incentives, outreach, and the maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
Yunnan Pharmacy (000538); Renovation of performance throughout the year and better cost control over the period (2017-04-23) Yunnan Pharmacy (000538), mixed at the group level.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.