Phillipcapital Yunnan Pharmacy (000538.sz)
China’s mainland medical and pharmaceutical companies report on the development, production, and circulation of medicines and related products in Yunnan. Yunnan’s drug was created in 1902, with an anti-inflammation effect, and the product formulations are top-secret to the country, with a high brand profile and a wide audience in the country.
In recent years, the company has developed drugs, health products, health products, and general stockholders (millions of shares):
The company uses “pharmaceuticals” as the cornerstone of its production, extending and expanding to the wider health field, and now includes pharmaceutical resources, Chinese and Western pharmaceutical materials and preparations, personal care products, raw materials, etc. The current production base has more than 40 production lines, and the product currently stands at 19 doses of 390. The revenues of the pharmaceutical industry have increased annually from 2011 to 2016.
The growth rate reached 15.68 per cent and the average Māori rate was 61.8 per cent. In the first half of 2017, the medical industry received $4,976 million (in thousands of dollars: aastocks, philipsecurities(hk)research source: company, philipsicurities).
(1) The pharmaceutical industry, which in 2016 contributed $4,918 million in sales, accounted for 22 per cent of business income, and a combined growth rate of 9.76 per cent between 2011 and 2016. The main products include Yunnan Pharmacy, Yunnan Leather Mist, Cloud South White Ointment, etc., the three products are the first to be sold in Chinese markets in terms of the same type of product.
In the future, the company will also increase its efforts to promote the most important products, using the successful experience of the gas-based products, by choosing about 10 special medicines to foster new sales increases (2) in the health sector. The products of the company’s health plates include toothpaste, shampoo, sanitary towels, etc. 2016.
The plate was sold at $3,757 million, representing 17 per cent of business income, with a combined growth rate of 25 per cent between 2011 and 2016. Yunnan's sales of toothpaste products accounted for 16.5 per cent of the country's toothpaste market, and ranked second in the same product market, first in the national brand; new products, including child toothpaste, pregnant women's toothpaste, were introduced in 2016, and more than 100 per cent of the country's products were sold.
The company continues to push for new shampoo products, in 2016 a series of shampoo products, such as rice water and oil, and in 2017 a series of products, such as the Trinity III, with the help of popular portals, to attract more young consumers.
Well, on the basis of the old "Days" the high-end sanitary towels market has been introduced in brands such as "Flips," and "Saves" . Currently, in addition to the traditional commercial super-pipes, the company's health products are in the mainstream as a flag shop. The company is also setting up an Internet marketing centre in Hangzhou to adapt to the electricity provider's consumption patterns.
We're expected to continue to grow faster in 2016, with its inherent brand advantage, expanding the sales network, and projected to be 2017 and 2018 (3) in the Drug Resources Department. The volume of sales in 2016 was $940 million, representing 4.2% of the business income.
The natural geography and climate patterns of Yunnan Province gave Hao a unique biological resource advantage, making it the province with the largest plant species in the country. By virtue of the advantages of the pharmaceutical industry, the company built several Chinese pharmaceutical plantations in the form of strategic cooperation, equity participation, etc.
The medical circulation industry grew rapidly, and the average annual turnover of income from the mobile industry reached 14.8 per cent between 2011 and 2016, with an average increase of Māori.
In the first half of 2017, 6.924 billion yuan (or 6.01% of business income) was sold in the medical and pharmaceutical sector. Yunnan White is a regional venture. The company operates in three wholly-owned companies (Yonnan Medical Co., Yunnan White Pharmacy Co. Ltd., Electric Business Co., etc.) as a front-run business.
In terms of traditional pipes, the company’s products cover the country’s main medical establishments, including the Yunnan county level and some of the rural hospitals. In the meantime, the company has expanded its electronics business, set up its own sales counter, and has been working with mainstream electricity suppliers such as Cats, Bootys, Kyoto, etc.
In the future, the company will apply customised services to the county level and to the medical facility, which will establish the advantages of the pipeline; explore the development of pipelines such as retail stores under the line, pharmacies, online outlets, and so on. The project is expected to continue at around 15% in 2017 and 2018.
Now, the listed company holds 41.52% of the shares in Yunnan's White Drug Control.
By means of a mixed ownership reform, the drug holdings are now held jointly by the Yunnan State Treasury Board, Xinhuadu, and Jiangsu fish (45%, 45%, 10%). The equity reorders not only introduced a stable capital of about $30 billion for the company, but also created a market-based governance structure for the company.
The directors, supervisors, and senior managers of the White Drug Control Unit are employed by the marketing principles, and no one has an administrative rank. Among them, the strategic investor Jiang Suyu is the Chinese medical image and the head of the home medicine industry, the private sector, the publicist, the owner of the stock control fish medicine (002223.sz), the Van Dong medical treatment (600055.sh) and so on.
In the future, more market-based decision-making and synergies with strategic shareholders are expected to give new impetus to the company’s development. Improved remuneration at the managerial level will boost dynamism.
In November 2017, the board of directors of the company passed a bill on the method of managing and evaluating the remuneration of senior company managers.
In the case of the Independent Board of Directors Bill, which provides for an annual subsidy of RMB 216,000 per person (after taxes). We predict that the adjusted top salaries are close to the average level of the industry, which is conducive to stimulating the growth of the management team and achieving better performance.
According to the National Bureau of Statistics, the average annual compound growth rate of the pharmaceutical market for 2006-2016 was set as the target for the development of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry, which will be operating above the level of the pharmaceutical industry by mid-2020.
In addition, the implementation of the two-vote system will further increase the concentration of the circulation industry. We expect Yunnan to become a regional venture leader that will expand and deepen the distribution network by buying and selling it in cooperation with the outside world.
We use the pe method to get the target price of $117.
3 career policy risks. philipresearchstockssectionssystems wedonotbaseourcommunicationsdirectly on theabovequantitattiverternbands.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, but I'm going to be in the middle of something.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do this, but you're not going to be able to do it, and you're not going to be able to do it.
philipsecuriteshasnotverifieedthesisforformationandnorepresentationorwartty, expressorimplied, istitehatsuchinforformationorreresearchsacurat, completeor verefiedorsouldberelieduponsuch. ansuchinforformationorresearchorresearchcontainedmentpublicispublicatsubjecttochangetochange.innoeventcycuriushalloveany responsibilitytomaintaintheinforformationorresearchaidaidabletosuplyananyformulations, updadesorreleaseasesincondicationsionsion_.innoeventwillwillphillphillphew.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it.
I mean, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know, sir'sdiscussion: philipsecuritiesdoesnoothavisvesvesmentbankingrelationshipshipwiththeelistedcorporationdirectionistinternationalinterstof 1% or more than the marketcapacitacitation.inadddition, noexecutivestaffuffofservicescicultierves asan officeofethelistedcorporation. availability
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
"pshk" believedtobeaccurate.pshkdoesnotbetspoonbilityforany Lossocacionedbyrelicationplacesuponthecontentshereof.pshk (oritsaffiliatesoreapployees)
It's the only thing that's going to happen to me.
philipsecuritiesptd philipcapitalmanagementsdnbhd rafflescitytower
b-3-6blockblevel3megavenueii, kualalumpur japan
Longkong philipcapialjapank.k. phillipsecurities(hk)ltd
I don't know what you're talking about, nagata-chobldg., exchangeparticipantofestockexchangeofhongkong 8f, 2-4-3nagata-cho,
11/Unitedcentre95queensway Hongkong China
Indonesia phillipfinancialdvisory (shanghai)co.ltd ptphillipsecuritiesindonesia
Anztowervel23b, no 436hengfengroad, jljendsudirmankav33a
Greenchunit 604, jakarta 10220 - indonesia tailand
I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's got the money, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the guy who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
15thloor, vorawatbuilding, 849silomroad, silom, bangrak, paraisfrance
♪ Bangkok 10500 ♪ unilandedkingdom uninvolved states ♪
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
120 cannonstreet, the chicagoboardoftradebuilding london, ec4n6as
Cicago, l606004usa australia philipcapitalaustralia
Quevel12, 15williamstreet, melbourne, Victoria 3000, australia