The core values of the "simple" beverages, which are not simple, reflect the cohesion that corporate ideas bring.
The view puts “simple” first in the industry, “simple because of trust, so simple; efficient because simple,” reflecting a very cohesive company. Reverse growth in 2020 is a strong indicator of corporate growth.
According to Nelson, China's beverage industry ranks top 20, practice number: only two brands of S150520110001 are growing, the fastest growing among them is Dong Peng.
Beverages, growing by about 20%, and another by less than 2%. The growth in company performance is largely due to the heat of the energy beverage market and the heat of the 500ml gold bottle single item.
The head of the board is also focusing on the development of new products, while the head of the board is looking for the second growth point after the energy beverages have grown into bottlenecks, and the company's expectations for lemon tea are high.
The organizational structure was restructured in the month to create the Guangdong marketing headquarters, the national marketing headquarters, and the national direct battalion headquarters. The company divided the country ' s market into four main echelons. Guangdong is the first full-fledged market, Guangxi, Hunan, Jiangxi and Zhejiang are the second echelons, Fujian, Anhui and Henan are the third echelons.
The fourth echelons are the Great Northwest and the North. The four different echelons have adopted different strategies to expand their networks, build channels, and nurture consumers.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: We believe that Dong Peng is a very good innovation, a clear position, open to the best, inspiring companies, based in Guangdong, and will rapidly expand the country ' s wider market over the next three years, with a much broader demand for the use of high value value than for the production of products.
Dopium beverages (605499): Industrial innovation requires energy-drinking consumers. Divergent product systems, higher brand positions, new product classes, pioneers, focus on the advantage of value for money.
Risk factors: policy risk; risk of a shift in consumer preferences; risk to food safety. \triangleright Sindam Securities Inc.
In Shenzhen, it was planned for a study by the National Land Commission (NSF) on the valuation of real estate tax bases, focusing on macros and ground.
Production, taxation, etc. In 2015, I entered the country with a sales + research experience, focusing on the industry and its shareholdings, with in-depth research and follow-up on such sections as white wine, recreational foods, spices, frozen foods, etc., and with emphasis on valuation and inclusive thinking.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.