(c) Long-term competitiveness rating: equal to industry average company fundamentals (RMB)
The company published its first quarterly report in 2017. The company realized a net return profit of 70.12 billion yuan in one quarter, an increase of 3.03 per cent in the same year, and a revenue of 17.798 billion yuan, a decrease of 9.12 per cent in the same year. The total asset balance at the end of the period increased slightly faster than expected and the profits increased faster before the provision.
Performance slightly exceeded expectations. However, revenue fell by 9.12 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the simultaneous increase in the construction of a life insurance policy during the first quarter of the year, which was much faster than the increase in the production of a compensation reserve for the construction of a life reserve at the cost of operations.
Less than 35.7 per cent decline in operating costs on a year-on-year basis, with a significant increase in the provision in the first quarter, with a positive increase in net interest income and a steady difference in interest income, respectively. Net interest income decreased by 0.89 per cent in the same year, but the ring increased again, with a 4.83 per cent increase in the ring, mainly a 2.13 per cent difference in net interest for the company in the first quarter and a slight increase in the ring.
Plus; more money from offshore agencies). Debt-end deposits increased by 5.38 per cent from the beginning of the year, and by the end of the year, Liu Zhiping recovered from a negative balance in the first quarter, with a steady rate of 1.52 per cent at the end of the first quarter of the company, compared to the end of the previous year.
Tian Wei Wei is at the same level, but the negative balance is 3.8% higher than at the beginning of the year and does not continue the downward trend of the last four quarters. The rate of negative annualized production alone is 0.55%, and the ring ratio is 39bps and 21bps, respectively.
Corporate performance as a whole is slightly higher than expected, with a steady spread; at the same time, the firm has made a strong effort to make provision for 0.87 times the pressure on pb, and we maintain the firm’s increased investment rating.
Appendix: Summary of forecasts of three statements Analysis of rating ratios for relevant reports in the market: score, then averaged final rating for average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.