The reason for the report is: six-monthly review of technology leading the company to growth and continued high performance.
In the company ' s semi-annual report of 2019, the company achieved operating income of about 90,862 million yuan, an increase of 21.3 per cent over the same period. Performance continued to grow and profitability improved further.
In addition, in the first half of 2019, the company ' s Māori ratio was 21.75 per cent, a slight decrease of 0.04 pct, a net gain, compared with the same period in 2018.
Reduce by 0.74 pct, net interest rates continue to rise and profitability improve further. The Māori ratio of 2019q2 companies maintains a leading position and performance stability in a number of break-down industries. 1) Corporate heavy card engine sales Market value of circulationa shares (billions):
High-volume growth, with the city holding a leading position in the industry and rising further, with 218,000 heavy-cargo engines sold in the first half of 2019, i.e. +10.85 per cent of the year, and 33.3 per cent of the city (in 2018, i.e. 87,000 heavy-cargo vehicles sold in the first half of the year, i.e. +3.1 per cent of the year), the city's share
The overall performance of the industry, which in 2019 was likely to remain high in the heavy-card sector, was more stable as the company became the leader of several segmented industries. Technological strength continued to grow, leading the company to a greater competitive advantage.
The first is the firm ' s reliance on the company ' s main engine to build a whole series of high-end products that are competitive across the field, and in the context of the gradual landing of the country ' s six emission standards, the industry is moving towards technological upgrading, while the company further enhances its competitiveness with its own national six engine capacity;
It is the company that follows the direction of the automobile industry, is based on the major strategic layout of the new and old power in Shandong Province, is promoting the construction of high-speed high-end motors, fuel cell engines, Lindh hydraulics, etc. in large data, smart driving, car networking, hydrogen fuel cells, etc.; and is controlled by the company.