The most important reasons for this growth are the company's core business (1) driving forces.
There has been a marked increase in the share of systems engines in the market, with light-packed heavy steam; (2) the share of gearboxes in the market continues to rise to 80%, creating oligopolies. On the profit side, companies actively promote lower efficiency gains, and three cost rates have been reduced and profitability has continued to increase.
The sales structure has been upgraded to take advantage of a combination of dynamic products. In the first half of the year, heavy cards maintained a high profile, selling 660,000 vehicles, down 2% from the previous year, and running almost smoothly. The company’s total powered product has grown more competitive and sales have continued to outpace the industry: 400,000 engine sales, the same ratio.
11% increase; 580,000 transmission boxes sold, 11% increase from year to year; 460,000 bridges sold, 27% increase from year to year; engineering machinery and its engines, agricultural machinery, etc., have all remained positive. We expect the company ' s full-car and power systems to remain in the market for the future with the overall advantage of platform power.
In terms of total equity/flow (million shares), the leader will continue to benefit from the third phase-out in the country and the six emission escalation in the country.
In terms of the six-year upgrade of the country, a six-year-old diesel engine will be upgraded in the following year, and woodwood has been fully developed and recognized as a fuelwood engine (000338) with slightly higher performance than expected.
It is expected that well-prepared industries will be expected to be the continuing beneficiaries of industrial change.
At $9.9 billion, the current value-reciprocal dynamic valuation is 10 or 9 times the value of the stock price, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report