\triangleright  Analysis: The decline in the yield ring has affected three quarters of performance. Volume: the company achieved mineral gold production in the first three quarters, tons, and 17.90 tons of small gold. Price: average gold for the first three quarters of 2024 was $2290 per ounce.
Qiuzu +0.93pct; q3 Q3 net interest rate ring slightly increased. Performance split: company return in the third quarter grew by 217 million in the same year, with the main interest item including Māori
\triangleright 2. Shandong gold (600547.sh) reported a year-on-year review of 2023: 100 million) and management costs (+52 million), and Māori variability was affected by a decline in the yield ring ratio.
Significant growth in performance, with gold taps growing by 2024/04/\triangleright, 330,000 metres of engineering, 21.9 tons of additional gold metal from prospecting, and 70 per cent of the share of the thong mine acquired
3. Tandong gold (600547.sh) dynamic report: World class rights to complete the acquisition of prospecting rights in Western Ridge gold mines and the consolidation of mining rights in Santao Island.
According to the certificate, mining permits were obtained for the deep-seated expansion project of the Kanan gold mine, which is continuing: the eastern wind and Linglong gold mines belonging to the company are currently in normal condition
In mid-2023, Shandong gold (600547.sh) reported production status, the Linglong mining area has now been granted a safe production permit and is operating a blasting operation with a significantly higher performance than ever before, increasing storage, M & A harvest - 20
To speed up the construction of world-class gold production bases, the Kaji gold mine has been expanding its re-production projects and security facilities since 2024.
\triangleright, taking into account stock and historical quarterly performance
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.