The company studied today, its business is a variety of low-voltage appliances that are widely used in a number of areas: electricity distribution, circuit connection.
The business seems to be a little bit traditional, and it's not in line with high-tech concepts, but it's an insignificant business, and it's not a bad money-making business. Between 2010 and 2015, the average roe 27.5% of the case was able to catch up with Heung Swe's medicine (23%), the Ningde era (12%), Yangtze Power (16%), Shanghai Airport.
Its client list is also quite luxurious, including: China’s national grid, the southern grid, the China Power Group, the Dutch electricity company alliander, the Spanish electricity company iberdrola, the Italian national electricity company nel, the Chilean electricity company enersis, and so on. At the same time, the list of institutional investors includes such well-known institutions as Alfanda and the Orient Red.
It’s the domestic low-pressure electrical tap: the real-time electric appliances. However, careful friends should be able to notice that the year we mentioned “Holoe” was between 2010 and 2015 – so, what happened after 2015?
It is this problem, which has led to the core variables of the basics of the case, and it is the reason why it has experienced a major shock since 2015: it is not satisfied with the title of the tap of the low-pressure electrical industry, which in 2016 was transformed into a highly controversial industry, the glaze.
What is the future of this industry? What is the focus of this case on the development of photovoltaic operations, what is the impact on valuation and how should it be predicted?
After a three-year-old shock, what is the value of the plant now? It's expensive. Today, we're going to start with some low-voltage electrical appliances, photovoltaics, and modelling logic. For electricity, energy, we've studied such cases as Yangjiang Power, Port Lights, China Power Holdings, China Gas, etc., and we can buy the team.
“Core Product One: A Professional Valuation Report Bank,” which captures model reports that we have done before, detailed excel financial models of some of the priority cases, and in-depth research by hundreds of companies and dozens of industries to reflect in depth on the nature of the industry. The real-estate appliance was established in August 1997 and listed in 2010, with the controlling shareholder being the Gen-e-Thai Group, as of the third quarter of 2019.
In Hong Kong, China, according to the list of institutions in charge of the school data, the central clearing house, the Taikang insurance policy, the National Social Security Fund, the Elfonda, etc. are all listed. Its main business is the production of various electrical appliances, such as solar cell assemblies, electrical distributions, control appliances, terminal appliances, etc.
The income from solar cell assemblies, end appliances and electrical appliances was higher, for example, in 2018, with a corresponding share, with solar cell assemblies, end appliances and electrical appliances contributing more to Māori, for example, in 2018, with three products representing 12.33 per cent, 19.03 per cent and 18.83 per cent of Māori. In addition, Māori accounted for 12.3 per cent, 19.83 per cent of Māori power plant operations.
And it's also high, at 13.92%. Under this business structure, what is the performance? Financial data for the last three years: between 2016 and the third quarter of 2019, its operating income was $20,165 million, which boosted the net interest rate.
Materials and plastics) suppliers, representing the company, have coloured bronze mausoleum (about 5% Māori) and precious steel shares (about 14% Māori). Electrical manufacturers, such as the present case, have a Māori ratio of around 29%; various applications downstream of the industrial chain, including electricity, machinery, communications, industry, real estate and new energy sources. In 2018, the top five customers in the present case sold 8.67%, or 8.67%.
In terms of management costs, 6.36 per cent was spent on sales costs, 3.45 per cent on research and development, 1.42 per cent on financial costs, and the net interest rate was 13.72 per cent. And then we looked at a set of basic data compiled by Merger Merger: Here, if we want to model the valuation of this case, one of the core problems is that the income structure is at first glance a mess.
The increase in electricity consumption (at a rate of 14.76% and 11.97%, respectively) in society as a whole has led to an increase in sales of low-pressure appliances.
3) Business income grew by 67.67% in 2016, also as a result of M&As, when Zhejiang acquired new sources of energy and injected into photovoltaic power operations and assets through the issuance of shares, cash purchases. At the lower end of the spectrum: in 2015, its business income grew by 5.80%, mainly as a result of downside pressures on the domestic economy, resulting in a decline in sales of low-pressure electrical products.
Analysis shows that the rate of increase is partly due to the rise in downstream demand from the macro-high-window cycle, and partly to the expansion of M&As. Because mergers and acquisitions are unpredictable, future drivers are mainly macroeconomic and downstream demand.
First, income is divided into two main sectors: traditional low-voltage electrical operations; and photovoltaic electricity-related operations. For both types of business income, Merger Purchasing is projected separately, as follows: 1, Low-voltage electrical business income = income from low-pressure electrical operations in the previous year* (1 + rate of increase in income); and 2, Photovoltaic operations are divided into three.
Power plant operations, component sales, power station construction. Note that in photovoltaic operations, we bypass price movements that are more difficult to predict accurately, so we predict Maori directly, with the following formula: Māori for power station operations = Māori for last year * (1+ increase in sales power) Māori for components = Māori for last year * (1+ increase in global installed capacity)
The power station built Maori = last year's Māori* (1+ national capacity increase) OK, the formula is broken and we'll see each other. Let's look first at the low-voltage electrical business. What will happen in the future? Low-voltage appliances, mainly used in electrical circuits of less than 1000v, direct streaming less than 1,500v, including for power distribution, circuits.
Connectivity, circuit switching, circuit protection, control, and display of various electrical components and components. Depending on the use, these can be divided into electrical distribution, terminal, control, electrical appliances, etc. [1] Considering the similar nature of the various low-voltage appliances, here we do not break down the product categories, but predict as a whole.
According to our calculations, between 2008 and 2017, the relative coefficient between the growth rate of low-voltage appliances in the industry and the increase of electricity in the society as a whole was 77.23%. From total power generation at the macro level to individual electricity at the micro level, more than 80% of the electricity needs of the society are distributed by low-pressure appliances.
So, how should electricity use be predicted? For the future of electricity use, we have to predict the pattern and look for some of the changes in electricity use in developed countries.
As can be seen from the above graph, electricity use in major developed countries, such as the United States, Japan, France, Germany, etc., has been stabilized after a period of increase. This trend in electricity use is mainly related to changes in the structure of their industries. The industrial structure of each country can be divided into three categories, the primary sector (mainly agro-forestry and livestock fisheries), the secondary sector (mainly industry), and the tertiary sector (in the services sector).
In the service sector, the output is generally not dependent on machinery and equipment, and there is no obvious pull between output and electricity consumption. We use domestic data for electricity use/actual gdp, which is equivalent to creating a dollar of gdp, which consumes electricity.
In 2018, electricity consumption/real gdp in the secondary sector was 0.14 kWh/m, while in the tertiary sector it was 0.02 kWh/m, and in the secondary sector it was seven times higher than in the tertiary sector. In developed countries, the industrial structure has undergone a process of shifting from the primary to the secondary and tertiary sectors, and when the industry is involved, it has become more difficult for the developed world to move from the primary to the third sector.
With the gradual transition of the structure to the tertiary sector, this pattern determines the pace of the increase in electricity generation, which is likely to have two phenomena: 1) when the industrial structure has stabilized, the rate of electricity use will slow down as the secondary sector has weakened; 2) because the tertiary sector is not closely connected to the use of electricity. The correlation between the gdp and electricity use will gradually diminish.
From 2005 to 2018, the coefficients associated with the actual gdp and the power increase in the second and third industries were 0.6, 0.09, visible, and the third sector did not play a significant role in power use. Here, the Merger and Purchasing (M & As), for example, is supported by the United States.
Between 1970 and 2015, the contribution of the primary sector to gdp has been declining for a long time, and the share of most of the secondary sector in gdp has remained largely stable. Since the 1980s, services in the United States have moved into an era of rapid growth, and the share of gdp has been rising. As this structure has evolved, the rate of electricity use in the United States has slowed down (on average over the past 10 years).
The correlation between electricity use and gdp is gradually diminishing. So, one important question to judge the direction of the country’s electricity use is what the industrial structure of our country is and how it will evolve.
We believe that, despite the likely differences in the timing and speed of the evolution of the industrial structure, our industrial structure is likely to converge in the United States. The main reasons are the following: 1) differences in the relative income of the industry from the point of view of the labour transfer, which inevitably lead to a constant shift of the labour force towards the relatively high-income tertiary sector. 2) From the demand structure.
From the point of view, when per capita income rises, the demand structure changes, thus driving the shift in the industrial structure to the tertiary sector. (The higher the income of the population, the greater the demand for the tertiary sector) Except for the United States, the same shift has taken place in the industrial structure of developed countries like France and Japan.
Here, we judge the industrial structure of developed countries by reference to the index of similar industrial structure of countries calculated by East Hing securities, which is based on the structure of the United States industry in 2015, with a range of 0-1 values, and which is closer to one, representing the structure of the country’s industry, which is closer to the structure of the United States industry in 2015. By way of illustration, we can draw the following conclusions: 1) United States
The industrial structure has stabilized since 2000; 2) the industrial structure of developed countries such as Japan, France, South Korea and others has been moving towards the United States; moreover, in view of the current policy orientation of our supply-side reforms and industrial upgrading, our industrial structure is likely to converge in the United States, so we use the rate of electricity growth in the United States as a general reference.
But then there are two questions that follow: 1) What stage is our current industrial structure at?2 How long will it take to reach the level of the United States industrial structure?
In the year or so, the country ' s average per capita gdp in 2018 was $977.85; 2) since 2011, the tertiary sector has accelerated, with a growth rate of 53 per cent in 2015, exceeding the secondary sector. In addition, as can be seen from the figure below, the difference in the contribution of the second and third sectors to gdp is widening:
In summary, taking into account the current level of gdp per capita, the contribution of the tertiary sector gdp, and the current policy orientation, we believe that the country is in the early stages of the rapid development of the tertiary sector (the corresponding period of the rapid rise of the “consumption of goods” that we have discussed in various reports).
The country’s industrial restructuring took place over 20 years, after our industrial restructuring was completed in 2038, with a smooth industrial structure similar to that of the United States and Japan. (This assumption, of course, also presupposes that we can cross the middle-income trap.) In this case, the M&A projections for electricity use take into account the stable structure of the industry in Japan and the United States.
With an average of 0% and 1% of the same-year increase in electricity, it is prudent to assume that, when the restructuring of the domestic industry was completed in 2038, it was 2%. Here, we analyse only the core driving force of “power growth”, but there is also an endogenous driving force that needs to be analysed: city occupancy.
In 2017, the low-pressure appliance industry was 35 per cent, and the industry was more decentralized. Of these, 18 per cent, Schneider 17 per cent and abb 10 per cent, it was noted that while the city was in the top position, the bulk of its products were concentrated in the mid-end market, with two significant increases from 2012 to 2016, the first of which benefited mainly from the channel marketing network.
The second upgrade was mainly a breakthrough in the development of medium- and high-end products, such as the Klon and the Noyak cards, and an increase in the market share of the upper-middle and upper-end markets; and an increase in the price of raw materials such as copper and silver, with some small businesses at a loss. In terms of access, technology, and cost, we see the possibility of an increase in the city’s share: 1) channel – currently in Thailand.
In addition, in 2018, it set up a stock-holding scheme with deep binding on distributors. According to 2017 data, its sales network was similar to that of People's Power, far higher than normal electricity.
2) Technically, the share of the R & D costs of real-time electrical appliances in 2018 was 3.45 per cent, which is lower than the share of natural electricity (4.16 per cent), electricity (4.49 per cent) and electricity (6.96 per cent) in the same industry. The reason for the low percentage is two, one being the size of a comparable company.
Smaller, low income base, the absolute value of R & D investment in this case, which is less than R & D in the same industry, is less than R & D in this case; the second is that the revenue in this case, including photovoltaic operations, lowers the overall R & D cost. The cost of removing the impact of photovoltaic operations is around 5%, not 3)) from a cost point of view, as raw materials such as copper, silver and plastic account for 40-50% of the cost of low-pressure appliances.
The low bargaining power and competitive dependence on price pressure mean that once raw material prices rise significantly, small producers cannot shift the pressure from rising costs through price increases. Combining these factors, it is expected that the occupancy rate in this case will increase even further later.
The downstream sector is driven by electricity and its own market share. In terms of income projections, based on regression analysis, we can get a correlation between the low-voltage electrical revenue and the increase in electricity use in this case: the rate of increase in low-voltage electrical revenue = 2.2235.* the rate of increase in electricity use - according to the rate of increase in electricity use, the regression formula, we get the revenue from low-voltage electrical operations and the rate of increase in income, as follows:
Overall, the low-pressure appliance business is more certain. But, if financial modelling of the case is done, the core problem that needs to be solved is in another business, photovoltaic.
Photovoltaic, at present, the main growth space lies in the replacement of traditional energy sources, where the share of electricity generated by fire (70%) is high, but it is highly contaminated and coal is non-renewable. The major new energy sources are now clean and renewable, and policies support the introduction of new energy sources to the Internet, so as long as the costs are close to the source of electricity and new energy sources (package).
The growth of photovoltaics, hydropower, wind power is a trend of certainty. A very critical clue, and the pressure to lower costs, which is likely to be sustained for a longer period of time, has two reasons: 1) at present, photovoltaic electricity costs are still high; in 2018, domestic photovoltaic electricity costs were high (about 0.5 yuan/kwh),
A higher dollar/degree would mean that the industry still needs government subsidies to cover some of the costs. (2) However, the reduction or even withdrawal of government subsidies is a definite trend, such as the New Deal 531 of 2018, which makes it clear to accelerate the fall of photovoltaic subsidies, which have been reduced in size in accordance with the policy circular issued in 2019.
In this case, the photovoltaic business consists of three pieces: photovoltaic component manufacturing, power station construction, and power station operation. In 2018, for example, based on the above-mentioned downward cost pressure, our focus here is on power station operations with a smaller share.
The main reasons for this are: 1) the upstream monocrystal silicon and downstream power stations under pressure from industry to lower costs, the speech power level is strong, the middle-stream photovoltaic components, construction etc. are under greater pressure and the profitability of the operation is precarious; 2) in the context of the general trend towards electricity marketization (see our study of the Yangtze electricity in the “Professional Report Bank”), the downstream power station
There would be no significant price fluctuations in operations, but rather a steady rate of return would continue to benefit from a decline in the cost of the industrial chain, with the Māori rate (58%) operating in 2018 being much higher than the sales of components and the construction of power stations (all around 16%). So, the central question is how much space is left for the cost to fall?
On the whole, technological innovation is the main measure of photovoltaic precipitation, divided into efficiency gains and precipitations. For example, in 2018, photovoltaic conversion efficiency was 21.8% and 20.6% for single-crystal and multi-crystal batteries, respectively.
On the cost side, based on publicly available information, there is scope for decline in every link in the current industrial chain (silicon, battery, components). But note that, from the theoretical point of view only, there are some discrepancies in the situation, so that one point of study can be made: when researching industry, it is possible to focus on which link is larger.
When the cost is clearly reduced, we begin to predict the Māori of power station operations (the way we do not avoid the more unpredictable price fluctuations). Note that in power station operations, we do not predict income but directly, mainly because of the decline in costs and government subsidies, the corresponding downward trend in photovoltaic prices, with little change in unit Māori and the whole.
Māori is driven mainly by volume (capacity). The Māori projection formula is: Māori = Māori * marketed power increases the previous year. So, let's look directly at how the increase in electricity sales is predicted. Three factors influence the increase in electricity sales: 1) number of hours used; 2) rate of access to the Internet; 3) capacity expansion. Because the use of hours depends on natural light, access is supported by policies.
The only factors driving the increase in the volume of electricity sold are: the rate of increase in the quantity of electricity sold = the rate of increase in the capacity of production; and the amount of capacity = total investment/unit investment cost, i.e., capacity depends on two things, how much the enterprise is willing to invest, and how much the money invested translates into capacity.
Looking first at the unit cost of investment: As noted earlier, the cost of photovoltaic power will continue to fall, and according to Martin Green's (the authority in solar power, known as the “father of the world's solar energy”), the cost of future photovoltaic power will remain at 25-50% of the drop.
Wa, on average, dropped to $0.587/watt, a decrease of 51.49%. Here, M&A assumes that the decline in the domestic power station unit cost is consistent with the judgement of irena that the cost of investment in photovoltaic power in the country at a later stage decreased by 51.49%. Thus, during the projection period, the unit investment cost is as follows:
2) Subsidiarily, total investment: The high capital investment in the construction of the photovoltaic plant is related to management ' s strategic choice. Here, we assume that the expansion of management in this case is prudent and that investment is determined annually on the basis of net profit, but there is a greater uncertainty about this assumption, so we set the scenario switch here: a, conservative scenario: assuming 50% per year during the positive-Thai projection period.
b. Optimistic scenario: assuming that during the positive-Thai projection period, 60% of net profits are invested each year. On this basis, the amount invested in photovoltaic power plants can be derived, as well as the capacity and the speed of growth, of which, in conservative circumstances, the capacity increases as follows. By this point, the operation of photovoltaic power plants is projected to be completed, and then we project the remaining two components of photovoltaic operations, the construction of the power plants.
Since more than 70% of the components in this case are sold overseas and the construction of power stations is primarily domestic, it is clear that we anticipate each of them separately, taking into account the future decline in the cost of the industrial chain, and that we predict Maori directly, with the following formula:
Starting with the assumption that the rate of increase will decrease at an average annual rate between 2023 and 2025. Thus, the rate of increase in installed capacity at the national and global levels has now been fully projected and, in a conservative situation, Māori projections are as follows. Since the above projections for the photovoltaic industry are Māori, Māori extrapolates income and needs to determine Māori rates, let's look first at the profit sheet project projections.
Modeling the profit sheet first takes account of the Māori rate. In our spectrovoltage business, low-pressure electrical business, we see that Māori dropped considerably in 2011, mainly because of the rise in raw materials such as copper, plastic, and copper. Second, the cost of the period needs to be taken into account.
The share of costs and overheads in the income from the main battalion operations is assumed to remain constant at the 2018 level - 6.36 per cent (sales costs), 7.23 per cent (management costs). Based on the projected rates of gross and gross photovoltaic operations, we are able to reverse the income from photovoltaic operations.
The overall income growth rate is resolved when the income projections are resolved. To study this, the main operating income is assumed to be complete.
Three-quarterly reports show little change, with an average of about 70.90%. Thus, M&A assumes that if there is no accident in the fourth quarter, the revenue is partially estimated.
This is the point where research can be done, asking each year for details of capital expenditure. First, look at the photovoltaic industry, focusing on the operation of the power plant, the sale of the components, and the input of the power plant under construction is in stock, so this is not taken into account.
1) Power station operations, which we have predicted in the above-mentioned Māori projections for photovoltaic operations, are not repeated here. 2) Component sales, according to the 2018 Annual Report, result in unused parts of capacity, except for intelligent manufacturing upgrades and technological changes, which are largely full at the time of production. Therefore, we simply assume that any later growth in component sales will require new production.
Supported, i.e., new capacity = new component sales * unit investment. First, component sales in 2018, 3.1gw, can be calculated for each year during the forecast period, based on the projected component sales increase, as follows:
On the whole, it is possible to calculate the additional capital expenditure per year. Then look at the capital expenditure of the low voltage charger operation.
A light-voltage operation (which cannot be broken down because of insufficient data disclosure). Here, we also offer small proposals to the financial sector, which is also too good, to allow investors to follow up if capital expenditure is disclosed in detail in two main areas. Here, capital expenditure is projected for all operations and, in a conservative situation, capital expenditure is projected as follows.
The method of depreciation of fixed assets, consistent with previous projections, is divided into two parts, and the fixed assets are depreciated and new fixed assets are depreciated. Depreciation of existing fixed assets, projected using the depreciation/early fixed assets ratio, 2015 to 2018
The fixed assets in this case include buildings, machinery, testing equipment, and photovoltaic stations.
Power stations account for 76.51 per cent of the book value of fixed assets, and here we focus on the depreciation years of the photovoltaic stations, assuming: 20 years of depreciation for the new fixed assets and conservatively assuming a net residual value of 0 per cent. The forecast of depreciation for the existing and additional fixed assets is as follows.
There is also an important matter down here: in this case, what is the right to speak on the industrial chain? Can it take up up the upstream and downstream funds and increase the value of its own business? In this case, there are more receivables, inventories, accounts payable, and here we focus on these subjects. 1) Receivables: the case should be considered.
The percentage of receipts as a percentage of income is on the rise, with the increase in accounts receivable in 2013 being mainly the result of an increase in the settlement of accounts receivable. Here, we compare this with industry companies such as Bailey Electrics, Good Letters, Magnificent Shares, and New Honghai: since 2016, the proportion has expanded further, mainly in connection with the merger and purchase of photovoltaics, for example, in 2015, the photovoltaic business.
Prudent assumption - As the share of photovoltaic operations rises, the share of receivables in operating income rises from the 2018 level to 42.43 per cent of income from photovoltaic operations. 2) Inventory: the inventory in this case is relatively low (10 to 15 per cent), but starting in 2017, the share rises, mainly in light-voltage plant construction operations and power stations under construction.
Here, M & As assumes that the share of inventory in operating costs has gradually risen from the 2018 level to the photovoltaic level of inventory at 32.57 per cent (extreme value) compared to the historical level.2 Accounts payable: this case accounts payable as a proportion of the cost, at the industry average, has been large since 2017
So, here, all the variables that affect free cash flow have been predicted. After assuming it's done, the modelling is the water-to-water process, and all of the above is for a financial modelling table -- an excel for the case.
Okay, before making model calculations, let's take a look at the basics of the case: 1) future growth space - mainly in light-voltaic operations, the advantages of photovoltaic power (new energy, etc.) after the cost has been resolved
By 2050, the global photovoltaic capacity could reach 8519gw, with a total global installed capacity of only 480gw in 2018, with a combined growth rate of about 10%. 2) Growth-driven - low-pressure electrical operations are driven by electricity use, with a higher probability of slowing down in the future, depending on the availability of the market.
On the other hand, the growth of photovoltaic operations is driven mainly by the rise in the share of photovoltaic power in the overall generation of electricity, which requires a reduction in the cost of the industrial chain, leading to an increase in installed capacity. As a result, we need to follow up closely with low average investment capital.
4) Protecting the city's rivers — A low-pressure electrical business, the advantage of which is its distribution network and scale effects. And it's the “treasury” of the low-pressure electrical business, which is the moat on which it operates: it's downstream of the industrial chain (mainly power stations, assembly of components), it's expensive and it's high-threshold. Small players with no financial advantage are hard to access. And it's the cash flow in the low-pressure appliances industry.
The advantage is that it will be able to buy power station assets from Lungi during the industry’s low-level period. This is a competition pattern that other small players are hard to do.
For example, in the case of public electricity, energy efficiency, etc.) 6) risk points - 1) higher pre-operational investment and higher funding requirements for the power station. While this case can rely on low-pressure electrical operations, borrowing to support photovoltaic operations, after all, high capital expenditure, high receivables, and the need to be vigilant about the risks associated with the chain of funds. 2)
The net profits in 2017 and 2018 are not less than 700 million yuan, 805 million yuan and 900 million yuan. Performance commitments for 2018 have been completed, and the study here shows that several of the main variables in the valuation modeling have been identified. When the assumptions are made, modelling is the process of water-to-diplomatic development.
In addition to the detailed valuation of some of the key companies, please purchase a prototype or a professional version of the report, using Yangjiang Power, Haikangway as an example.
The modeling part of the valuation is as follows: In the case of Yangtze Power, the balanced balance sheet projection sample: In the next professional and technical version of the report, we will address the following major issues in this case along these lines.
It is only by thinking clearly about these issues that this company can be fully understood, creating a logical circle. Many people think that by relying solely on industrial logic analysis, they can run through secondary markets -- but, in fact, if the two factors of valuation modelling and financial risk are not worked out, there will still be a huge disaster:
1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies, and what are the differences between the data zones that we have, and whether there are any interesting points to think about? Are there any differences between large domestic and foreign companies? 2) are the combination relative valuations, absolute valuations, and are the resulting valuation ranges logical?
Where? If a sensitivity analysis is conducted, what is the impact of Wacc and the acceleration on the valuation?) This case is one of the most important in the industry chain — how is the choice of different methods in the modelling of valuations in this case? How should all financial projections be combined to form a closed link in the valuation modelling logic?
4) After the pre-opinion surges and crashes, many people may be in a state of panic and sleep -- so, what is the value of this case, whether it's expensive or cheap? Because of the details of the public report, there will be a conflict with the payer of the merger and purchase of the eugenic report, so that the merger team will have to order it.
A reasonable price for good products would be a way to make the world a better place – the cost would be good for us to add more investment elites from top universities around the world, and for the M&A team to buy deeper globally.
If you are interested in the value section of this case, as well as more other cases, you can scan the lower two-dimensional code, get details of the valuation modelling of this case, and the possible financial risks involved.
It's all about financial analysis, industrial research, and content, and it's only for reference and not for support.
No form of decision-making supports any form of investment proposal. This paper is based on public corporate attributes, is organized according to its laws, and does not endorse changes in the future, nor does it support any changes in the future. We seek to be accurate, but do not guarantee its completeness, accuracy, timeliness.
There are risks and research needs to be careful. 3) With regard to the theme: Financial modelling reports are very voluminous, covering only some of the priority industries and cases, and do not ensure that all the cases you need are covered. 4) With regard to the platform: all elements of the elite team are exported only to the micro-trust platform, are not responsible for any other platform content, and we reserve the right of legal recourse for counterfeiting and violating platforms.