In the first three quarters of Shanghai Bank, net profits grew at a robust rate, benefiting from the rapid growth of agency operations, and surcharge earnings grew by more than 30 per cent, contributing to further optimization of the collection structure.
A small reduction, or a more cautious approach to corporate risk, and a restructuring of retail credit.
The percentage points, net profit-driven increases of 0.28 by 2021h over the first half of the year (+10.30 per cent, yoy) have remained fast-growing and are expected to benefit from the development of agency operations; net interest income has been more cautiously affected by the narrow interest differential and expansion.
The structure of the negative structure continues, with three quarters of a single-season interest spread being smaller than the harvest, which is influenced by caution, retail credit restructuring, and so on. Structurally, the share of loans and automobile loans in retail loans rose by 1.27 percentage points from the end of the six-month period; and the rate of return was relatively high.
The share of consumer loans in retail loans declined by 1.87 percentage points to 39.18 per cent at the end of the six-month period.
The company's loan allocation at the end of the three season has been raised.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations The economic downturn has led to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected and regulatory controls that are more than expected.
(vs in the first half of the year, +9.02 per cent); annualized net interest spreads of 1.73 per cent in the first three quarters, a decline of 9bp in the same year.
The growth rate is 0.28 percentage points to 10.58% higher than in the first half of the year (+10.30%, yoy). The company’s profitability has improved, with the first three quarters becoming more prudentially influenced.
The first three quarters of Shanghai Bank recorded annual interest spreads ranging from 9bp to 1.73 per cent below the same year, with three quarters having a small one-quarter interest spread ring compared to two quarters, while the three-quarter end-of-quarter loan stock was optimized to continue at the lower end of the quarter, rising by 0.63 percentage points to 45.72 per cent at the end of the six-month comparison; the deposit was a change in the relative half-year structure. The three-quarter RMB retail loan ring grew by 2.6 per cent over the two-quarter period, faster than parity (+2.2 per cent, qoq); and the balance from retail credit.
In terms of structure, following a two-quarter trend, companies have increased their steady and long-term retail credit lending, with mortgages and automobile loans increasing by 1.27 percentage points from the end of the six-month period; while the relative high rate of return on consumer loans has declined by 1.87 percentage points from the end of the six-month period; the Shanghai Bank has a negative end-of-quarter rate of 1.19 per cent and the ring has a flat end of the two-season period; and the focus group accounts for 16bp to 1.70 per cent of loans at the end of the two-quarter period.
According to the company's semi-annual report, the rate of bad real estate is higher than at the beginning of the year, but it is important to regulate recent statements to maintain healthy developments in the real estate market. It is recommended that the first three quarters of the Shanghai Bank have seen a steady increase in net profits, benefiting from the rapid growth of agency operations, with charges rising by more than 30 per cent, and promoting further optimization of the collection structure. The three-quarter interest margin has been smaller than the two-quarters, or more prudent than the company's risk preferences.
We maintain the company ' s forecast of $1.01.1.78 per year in 2021/2022, corresponding to a higher net profit compared to the higher rate of the economy, which leads to a higher than expected deterioration in the quality of assets. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between business development and economic development. Economic development affects the performance of the real economy as well as profitability, thus affecting the asset quality of the banking sector.
Regulatory control is too predictable. In the event of an outbreak in 2020, regulation guided banks to give way to the real economy, and the economic development policy of the enabling entity in 2021 continued, but if interest-rate regulation or allowing the supermarket to expect it, it will affect the bank’s profitability performance.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)