Promotion of ai+scale development to build a new pattern of high quality - 3-quarter review of China ' s move 2025 21 October 2025
China ' s movement (stock code: 600941), in the first quarter of 25q3 the company achieved a total of 25.9 billion yuan, an increase of 2.5 per cent in the same year; and a net return of 31.1 billion yuan, an increase of 1.4 per cent in the same year.
Zhao Liang Bei has grown steadily and has accelerated the development of a new engine for the development of the Ii and Internationalization, creating a new pattern of high-quality development. 622 million households, including 5g network clients, have a penetration rate of 61.6 per cent and move the arpu to stay on track.
The industry leads by $48.0. The total number of high-end broadband clients is 329 million, representing a net increase of 14.2 million. With regard to the political and business market, companies have continued to deepen the sophistication of their pool of fighters and merchants and to promote ai+-scale development.
Corporate income from the project has been growing well, with a high rate of direct income growth. On the emerging market side, firms have accelerated to nurture new dynamics in international business growth, while international business income has remained growing rapidly; continuous deepening of content-plus technology-integrated innovation operations, with a steady growth in the size of the clientele of the priority products.
The Department’s client base has continued to be consolidated, its core business has been growing steadily, and its 5g and family business have been developing well. Companies have been active in expanding new growth engines, such as the one and the other, to promote the continued optimization of business structures.
In the field of low-altitude networking, the deployment of 5g-a4.9ghz one-size-fits-all station to meet business needs such as low-air logistics, low-altitude defense.
In the field of quantum quantum, quantum calculates cloud platforms with a total size of over 1,200 quantum bits, leading the industry. In general, the company leads the industry.
A relatively deep 300 performance map anchors the development of the world's first-class information services, technology and innovation companies, deepens reform and innovation, deepens transformation and upgrading, converts new and old energy, deepens fine operation, manages profitably, and continues to build high levels.
The company values shareholders’ returns, increases them in the amount of dividends, and operates at a rate of interest.
As a representative of the National Team for Science and Technology, companies play a full role in the chain, data, arithmetic and algorithmic chain layout, profitability and cash-flow assets are improving.
The asset value advantage highlights that the sustainability and elasticity of the company’s rapid growth are expected to be higher than expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.