A detailed reading of the second half of the year 2020's report of the comptroller's profit growth ranked first in the national bank.
On August 28, the company released its semi-annual report for 2020. In the first half of the year, the net return to the mother increased by -1.63 per cent. The company maintained a leading performance position and ranked first in all listed national banks.
• Optimized net-rate differential structure, improved cost of liabilities, improved structure of net-interest differentials in the second quarter of this year. The net-interest gap for the first half of the year was 2.50%, and the net-interest ratio for the second quarter was reduced
Interest-bearing asset yields and loan returns are low in the second quarter, but they stabilize credit risk levels and reduce the impact of the epidemic. As consumer demand recovers, and credit card risks are cleared, credit card lending is expected to pick up growth in the next half of the year, supporting asset-end pricing.
• The asset quality stoppage, the credit card failure rate is down, the company's bad rate at the end of the six months is 1.14%, and the ring is up by a small 3bp. The increase is mainly due to the "crowding" and the increase in the recognition of non-performing loans, and the overall credit risk level has actually declined. The parent's caliber at the end of the six months is not good.
The combination of good rates and concern is 2.19 per cent, with a sharp drop of 25bp. The point of improvement in asset quality has emerged. The parent department’s negative ratios for public and retail loans have increased by 15bp and 5bp, respectively. Both credit card loans and microlending bad rates, which are the most affected by the epidemic, have declined, changing by 4bp and 18bp, respectively.
The increase in the rate of public malfeasance is due mainly to increased recognition, but the rate of delay and concern drops by 5 bp and 20 bp, respectively. • Investment proposal: value repair space is valued and a “recommended” rating is maintained.
The cost advantage on the end of a company’s liability will be more apparent as interest rate centres move from bottom to bottom. And better asset quality will give the company more room for initiative in investing high-yielding assets. We predict the company’s net return profit from 2020 to 2022.
At the retail bank's valuation hub, look forward to the future valuation restoration space. Maintain the “recommended” rating.
First, the pressure is comparable to that of a partner, with asset quality turning points. The profit rate follows the industry’s positive and negative, but it still maintains a performance lead, ranking first in all listed national banks. The profit rate is 11.75 pct lower than in the first quarter of the year, mainly because of the higher scale of the provision and the lower net interest margin, as well as the non-interest rate.
The marginal contribution of income and income tax has also had some impact. The pre-repreparation performance rate has fallen from a one-quarter period to a one-month high.
The net difference has been the main reason for the growth in revenue collection. By the second quarter of this year, however, the net difference structure was clearly optimized. The net difference was 2.50 per cent in the first half of the year, and the net difference ratio fell by 11 bp to 2.45 per cent in the second quarter, which is already higher than the 2.40 per cent low in the fourth quarter of the previous year.
Structurally, the liabilities have a lot of bright spots. The cost ratio of interest-bearing liabilities dropped by 12 bp to 1.75 per cent in the second quarter. It also contributed to both falling interest rates on corporate liabilities and savings increases. The average daily balance of deposits in the second quarter increased by 18.84 per cent over the same period, reaching its highest level in almost five years. The interest-rate ratio in the second quarter fell by 4 bp to 1.59 per cent, returning to less than 1.60 per cent a year later.
This year, companies expanded their client base, controlling high-cost structural deposits and large deposit notes. The parent’s end-of-term demand deposit was 59.50% of total deposits, with the ring increasing by 4.41 pct. With the tightening of interest rates for their counterparts in the second half of the year, the effect of their corporate liabilities on cost improvements will be reduced, and the company’s competitive advantage in deposit pricing will be further demonstrated.
Credit card loans are expected to grow resiliently. Lower asset-end pricing is largely influenced by loans. Interest-bearing asset yields and loan interest rates dropped by 19bp in the second quarter. Corporate lending this year was directed mainly to fixed-asset loans and individual housing loans.
On the one hand, the increased securitization of credit assets in the second half of last year led to a decline in interest rates. On the other hand, the development of individual housing loans this year was accompanied by a modest increase in the release of small loans with high returns.
But with consumer demand warming and credit card risk clearing, credit card lending in the second half of the year is expected to pick up the growth momentum, supporting asset-end pricing. Asset quality continues to lead the industry. Companies have a negative end-of-year rate of 1.14%, and the ring has a slight rise of 3bp.
In order to increase the recognition of non-performing loans through “crowding”, the overall credit risk level has actually declined marginally. We measure the annual rate of production of non-performing loans in the second quarter at 1.36 per cent, a 77bp increase over the ring. And the poor rate of credit at the end of the year, which is a concern, increases the recognition of loans, leaving some room for credit costs in the second quarter. We measure the annualized credit delivery in the second quarter.
By sub-products, asset quality improvements have occurred. The negative ratio of parent loans to public and retail loans has increased by 15 bp and 5 bp, respectively. Credit card loans and microlending, which are the most affected by the epidemic, have declined by 4 bp and 18 bp, respectively.
The percentage of deferred debt-service loans is very small. There is a positive corporate response to the market’s more concern about deferred debt-service loans. There are two areas of concern: the repayment capacity of the clients concerned began to recover.
The amount is $13,211 million, but the balance of the loan at the end of the six-month period will be $69,532 million as the client gradually repays the loan. That is to say, good loans, plus poor and concern rates, result in only 3.56 per cent of total implied risk assets, down from the current allocation of 5.03 per cent.
At a faster pace of asset growth, a lower rate of profit growth could bring some capital pressure. At the end of the six months, the company’s core-level capital adequacy rate was 11.31%. The ring ratio was down by 63bp. The same year was down by 11bp. On the one hand, the second quarter was a seasonal low in capital adequacy because of the implementation of the bonus rate.
But because companies are the few banks in the industry that use advanced methods of capital measurement, capital losses are smaller than those of other banks. And the current level of adequacy is still at the forefront of the industry. So short-term capital adequacy fluctuations do not affect firms much.
In this year’s environment of loose liquidity and widespread expansion of industry-wide management, this retail structure, with a high net-value client base, is particularly beneficial. At the end of the six-month period, retail sales reached $826 trillion, covering 151 million retail customers, an increase of 13.84% and 12.40%, respectively.
The structure of the fees shows that, although this year, due to the effects of the epidemic, credit cards and loans have been reduced, the contribution of bank card charges has been reduced. But the sudden rise in revenue from finance, surrogate insurance funds has been a major factor in the increase in fees. In the first half of the year, the rate of growth in fiduciary revenue has been positive compared to last year.
The same-year growth rate of 21.61%, the highest rate of growth since the new regulations on regulation, marked the basis for the negative impact of the conversion of new and old capital management products, which was absorbed. In retail aum, private banks that used to drag the growth of total aum back to double-digit growth levels, again, by 15.57%.
The company's “high-walling, large-scale grains,” the quality of assets, the quick resolution of the risk load, and the first marginal improvement. By catching the end of the debt, managing the costs, and absorbing demand deposits widely, as interest rates shift from bottom to bottom, the cost advantage of the end of the company's debt becomes more apparent.
There is more room for the company to invest in high-yield assets. We predict the company's net return profits from 2020 to 2022. The bank's valuation hub looks forward to future valuation restoration space. Maintains the “recommended” rating.
A summary of company financial statement data projections. Experiences related to leasing, private fund-raising, securities, and banking. Previous studies in finance, domestic electricity, and non-ferrous industries. Used to work in the Bank of China, joined in 2019. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,