We've made some progress in the future, Fu Chu Hung.
The company published its semi-annual report, and in the first half of 2020 it achieved a revenue of $1.09 billion, and (i) benefited from a high demand for servers, and (h1) performed slightly over-expectedly. The company was one of the two oligarchs of the memory interface chip, with a market share close to half a wall.
Business performance in the first half of the year was slightly higher than we expected: revenue grew by nearly 24 per cent on a year-on-year basis, reflecting a strong demand in the server market; the company ' s combined Māori rate, 73.7 per cent, remained stable and showed that the company was not hit by the epidemic; and the non-recurrent gains and losses were deducted and the shares eliminated.
The real net profit on the cost of a copy is $622 million, up from $431 million in the first half of 2019, and we believe that the company’s market share may have ended a small decline last year and been solid. The new crown epidemic has created a hot spot for online office and server demand.
With a step-by-step upgrade, we are strongly promoting a new infrastructure, represented by a 5g data centre, which anticipates that industry prospects are still better for the next two years. (ii) Some progress has been made in corporate R & D and layout.
In the first half of 2020, the company maintained a high level of R & D intensity, with R & D costs absorbed, and the company is expected to complete the Ddr5 version of the chip in the second half of 2020. Currently, the ddr5 product has not yet started large-scale commercialization, and the company's current R & D is expected to catch up.
In addition, there has been a breakthrough in the capture of products from servers and artificial intelligence, and the medium- and long-term is expected to become a new growth point for companies.
There has been some improvement in some of the difficulties and risks ahead, and the valuation levels of companies, though still high, have declined to a certain extent, and we believe that companies are expected to secure market positions and expand in the future.
Server demand is not as high as expected, and competitors take the lead in the production of new products, among other risks.