With technology (68808.sh), 2020h2ddr5, pcie interface chip volume version will be completed.
The technology is a scarce indicator of the national memory interface, with the layout interface chip, the Jin capture server cpu, the mixed security memory module and the pcie interface chip in four core areas. Benefiting from a steady market for servers, the market has grown by 33.43% over the same period. We maintain the profit projections, and the company is expected to return to the net in 2020-2022.
. ..ddr5 interface chips are produced, memory module packages are rolled out simultaneously, as the company's main power product, with 99.06% of the interface chip camp in 2019. With the gradual release of ddr4gen 2.0prus sub-generations, dddr4 generations of sub-dddr4 generations have largely ended, and ddr5 generations have gone forward.
The exhibition will be a key node for re-enhancement of the technology memory interface chip. 2020h1 The technology optimizes the design of the ddr5 interface chip and memory module packages based on feedback from major clients and partners, and is expected to complete the development of the production version of the chip by 2020h2.
The first generation of ddr5 is expected to produce from the end of 2021 to the first half of 2022, at which time it is expected that the technology-related products will re-emerge.
The main function of the high-speed interface chip is to act as a medium for signal emitters and receivers to compensate for the loss of the high-speed signal and improve signal quality. The interaction between the core chip, cpu and memory module chips is crucial, and the memory interface chip assists with the information interaction between cpu and the memory module chip.
High technology research and development is difficult, and therefore technology's deep-deeping of memory interface chips will go a long way in expanding the layout of products to other interface chips. 2020h1 technology's design optimization of pcie 4.0retimer chips based on feedback from major clients and partners is expected to be completed in 2020h2.