With the steady growth in the performance of science and technology h1, the ddr5 interface and the development of the accompanied chip achieves a net return profit of $602 million, an increase of 33.43 per cent over the same period; after the impact of the elimination of share payments
q2 single-season revenue, high net profit innovation, and a return to the Māori rate. The company increased 23.93 per cent in the first half of the year in comparison with the previous month, with the parent ' s net profit increasing by 33.43 per cent over the same period; the q2 income grew by $594 million in the same quarter, 25.16 per cent over the same period, and the mother ' s net profit increased by $339 million, 50.40 per cent over the same period.
The net profit from the return to the mother has been higher since 2018h2. The q2 single-season Maori rate is 74.67%, and the ring-up ddr5 memory interface chip and memory module package production version of h2 has been completed. Research and development of the ddr5 memory module interface chip and the accompanying chip is continuing. (1) Volt. 2019
The Division has completed the flow of the first generation ddr5cd and db chip prototypes, which meet the jedec criteria, and has sent samples for testing and evaluation to the company ' s major clients and partners. In the first half of 2020, the company is currently designing and optimizing the chip based on feedback from the major clients and partners, and it is expected that it will be able to do so.
Development of a volume version of the chip was completed in the second half of 2020. (2) In 2019, the company and its partners completed the flow of the memory module (a serial detection chip, a temperature sensor, a power management chip) from the ddr5 server meeting the jedec standard, and sent the sample to the memory module manufacturer.
Assessment. The chip is currently being designed and optimized by companies and partners in the first half of 2020, based on feedback from memory module manufacturers, and the development of a volume version of the chip is expected to be completed in the second half of 2020.
In the first half of the year, the pcle 4.0 retimer prototype has been sent to potential clients and partners for testing and evaluation, and the chip is being better designed on the basis of feedback from potential clients and partners, and it is expected to be developed in the second half of 2020.
In 2019, the company initially completed the definition of an artificial intelligence-related chip architecture and technical feasibility study, and research and development on the chip began in the first half of 2020.
The impact of the epidemic on the global economy; the unanticipated roll-out of the catch platform; and the underdevelopment of new products.