On the 17th of August, 2020, the server returned to its height, and the ddr5 era will be a boost to new growth.
The net profit is growing, the server returns to its high profile, and the demand for the server is growing again every year. As the demand for the 5g network is growing, the server arrives as the demand for the cloud center grows.
Market value in circulation (million yuan): The volume is expected to continue to rise over the next few years. All of the company’s products are highly relevant to the server, and the company is expected to maintain a high rate of growth throughout the year, given the rising demand for the server.
The ddr5 era is approaching, with a new increase in volume-high enabler performance, companies that have been leading the industry for more than a decade in the deep-farming chip market and are the world’s leading companies. The company’s Māori ratio has continued to rise in recent years, well above the rest of the market’s design firm.
The company's “1+9” ddr4lrdim distributed buffer memory subsystem framework was adopted by jedec as an international standard. Its ddr5 memory module support chip is expected to be completed in the second half of 2020.
Looking forward to getting listed in tandem with ddr5, after the ddr5 era, a large number of ddrs have been upgraded to add up to the product unit price, which is expected to generate a new wave of business income growth for technology.
In addition to the memory interface chip product that fits the memory module of the server, the company is active in the server area.
The layout, which is heavily enriched by the product lines, has developed the layout of the "Zill" server platform, the pcleretimer and the ai processor chip for the cloud data centre. Currently, the second-generation x86 structure server processor, the "Simple" server platform, is officially on display, and the escort server's signal transmissions are pcle 4.0 retimer
It's expected to start production next year, and the ai reasoning chip for the cloud server is being developed. By building up technology, deep-deep memory interface chips have developed a deep understanding of the server market for more than a decade and have accumulated a large number of cities, Hegemoo Fei.
Field resources, whose end-users include a large number of well-known Internet companies and server producers, can significantly reduce the resistance to new products. As new products are gradually produced and sold, the company will add 1) the product is not developed as expected; 2) the server needs are not as expected; and 3) the new product is not promoted as expected.
The company published its semi-annual report for 2020, which generated business income of $1.09 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 23.93 per cent in the same year; and a net profit of $602 million, an increase of 33.43 per cent in the same year, which is now attributable to the shareholders of the parent company. The company’s second quarter of operations was mainly due to a recovery in demand for servers in 2020. With the growth in demand for the 5g network and cloud centre, the demand has increased.
Servers are expected to continue to grow in the coming years. All of the company's products are closely linked to the server, and we believe that the company is expected to be in the lead all year round with a strong R & D capability and a growing demand for the server.
During the ddr2 era, there were about 10 companies worldwide offering memory interface chips; in the ddr4 era, there were only three providers of the same type of product, of which Rambus had only the ability to design rcd, and only idt and technology were able to provide db chips. In early 2019, idt was acquired by Risa, its memory.
In the ddr5 era, it is expected that the technology industry will be further consolidated. In 2018, the company’s market share was over 43%.
The Māori rate is one of the strong examples of corporate dominance, with the Māori rate rising steadily in recent years, reaching 73.96 per cent in 2019. The Māori rate for other good design firms in the country is far below the company level, with a peak of 60.40 per cent in 2019, a 40.52 per cent risk of innovation and 52.47 per cent success.
Companies have maintained a high level of R & D input, leading the R & D capability industry. The company's R & D costs consist mainly of R & D salaries and drift costs, which are consistently above 15% of operating income. The company has invented a framework of “1+9” ddr4ldim distributed buffer subsystems, a structure that has significantly reduced cpu and dram.
In 2019, the company completed the ddr5 memory module set-up of the slide of the chip sample, and is currently designing and optimizing the chip based on feedback and is expected to be in the middle of 2020.
In July 2020, the jedec Association officially announced the ddr5 standard, which will gradually move to a large-scale application in the market, as the ddr5 memory module package is expected to be completed in the second half of 2020, and will continue to be in the lead in the ddr5 era.
After the ddr5 era, a large number of dddrs have been updated to add up to the unit price of the product, which is expected to generate a new wave of business income growth for technology.
In the field of deep-farming servers, multi-point layouts, deep-farming servers, and active enrichment of company product lines. In addition to memory interfaces adapted to the server memory module, chip products, the company has developed a X86 architecture server processor “snatch” server platform and is developing it.
The X86 architecture processor with unique hardware security features. In mid-2019, the bulk supply of the server platform began, with sales revenue of $16.28 million that year, an increase of 81 per cent over 2018.
In August 2020, the 8th China Electronic Information Fair was launched, and its new second generation of cpu was released, with a positive response from a number of server manufacturers, including Xinhua San, the Great Wall Super Clouds, Podd, Unions, etc.
The speed of each generation of pcie is multiplied by the speed of the previous generation. The need for pcieretamer applications is bound to increase with the speed of transmission. During the reporting period, the company has made a breakthrough in key core technologies in the field of pcle 4.0 high-speed i/o interfaces, and is responding to pcie feedback from potential clients and partners.
Design optimization of the 4.0 retimer chip, which is expected to be completed in the second half of 2020, has not yet made a substantial breakthrough in the development of the ichi chip project, which is designed to develop the application of the chip in a new generation of data on a heart server to achieve an artificial intelligence application that is efficient and slow-delays cloud-end reasoning.
In the same market, it is beneficial for companies to learn from a wealth of market experience, to use existing customer channels and to benefit from server market growth benefits. For more than a decade, the technology-deep-deep interface chip has a well-understood and mature market resource for server markets.
Dealers can significantly reduce the resistance of new products to promotion. Cloud computing in the 5g era will accelerate, server demand will continue to grow and the market layout of servers will facilitate the full enjoyment of the dividends of market development. 1) Product research and development will fall short of expectations; 2) server demand will fall short of expectations; and 3) new products will not expand as expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.