The high demand for servers led to a high growth in the company's performance in the first half of the year, with a 56 per cent increase in downstream demand and product upgrading as the main driving force behind the elimination of the impact of share payments, the company's net profit of 20h1 was $702 million, a 55.61 per cent increase over the same period.
In a single quarter, q2 companies earned 594 million yuan, an increase of 25.16 per cent, an increase of 19.76 per cent in the ring, and a net increase of 2.14 pct. The high performance was due mainly to high demand for memory interface chips due to the high viewing of the downstream server market, adding up to the company’s product upgrading.
The Unit compares the trend with the depth of 300, of which about 3.28 million were delivered during the q2 season, an increase of about 3.5 per cent and an increase of about 19.7 per cent in the ring.
The company’s main product is currently ddr4, ddr4, divided into gen1.0, gen1.5, gen2.0, gen2pus, with performance and unit prices rising in turn, and product upgrading leading to an increase in the average sale price of the company’s products, which in turn leads to an increase in the Māori rate. In addition, the company’s 2020h1 investment returns.
Ddr5 is well on track, and it is expected to be completed in the second half of the year The new generation of memory technology dddr5 has introduced a range of new features that will enhance the reliability, availability and maintenance of memory modules, and the first generation is expected to produce a volume of products by the end of 2021 or 20222h1.
More memory interface chips, from 10 to 11 in the ddr4 generation, will be added to components such as power management chips/temperature sensors, bringing up the market value of memory interface chips. The company has completed the flow of the first generation ddr5rcd, db chips and the server memory module supporting chip samples and sent them to the jedec standard.
The sample was tested by the relevant manufacturer, and it is expected that 2020h2 will complete the development of a volume version of the chip, maintaining the technological preponderance of the new generation.
The research and development directions of the company include interfaces such as ddr5-related and pcie 4.0 retimer chips, cpu-capture capacitors and mixed safety memory modules, artificial intelligence chips. The company completed a pcie 4.0 retimer chip in 2019, and 2020h1 was sent to potential clients/partners for testing and evaluation.
1.q1 operating loops continue to improve, with a view to a server viewing of $16.28 million a year and will be continuously upgraded in the future to meet the data centre's industry profile for high performance, high safety, and high 2.
Reliability cpu needs to keep increasing the market share. The definition of an artificial intelligence-related chip architecture and technical feasibility study was initially completed in 2019, and research and development work started in 2020h1.
Compared to 152 times p/e in 2020, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Servers delivered less than expected, ddr5 chip research and development less advanced than expected, and international instability brought company Wang Fang, chief of the electronics industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investments Ltd., and acquired Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,