• A review of developments in the Ninder era (300,750) on 27 December, the company released " On Planning the Distribution of H Shares and Limited Access to Hong Kong Associated Exchanges " .
On December 27, the company announced that it was about to issue the shares and apply for Hong Kong Union Board.
Listed on the market. The company indicated that it would take full account of the interests of existing shareholders and the situation of capital markets both within and outside the country, and that it would choose the appropriate time and distribution window to complete the issue during the period of validity of the shareholders ' General Assembly resolution (i.e. 18 months from the date of adoption by the company ' s general stockholders ' meeting or other period of extension agreed upon by the company ' s general meeting).
The company is planning to go to Hong Kong to market, with the aim of further developing the strategic layout of corporate globalization, building an internationalized capital operating platform and improving integrated competitiveness.
In terms of overseas market expansion, the company’s German plant, which has been certified by the public, is currently on a productivity climb, with a year-round balance expected in 2024. The Hungarian factory’s 100gwh production capacity is steadily increasing.
On 10 December, the company announced and stellantis proposed to set up a joint venture-roe (%, ttm) division in Spain, each holding 50% of the shares, to build a joint venture-cell plant, the battery plant, which is the backbone of the joint venture.
Total projected investment in December is Euro4,038 million, with a power cell plant with an annual output of up to 50 gwh, with a minimum price in December
In addition, the company is negotiating the establishment of a battery recycling operation in Europe, with the prospect of a closed chain from manufacturing to recycling in the European region. The company’s continued expansion of the European market is expected to further increase its market share in Europe in the future.
In the power domain, according to Sne, the company ' s global power cell load market was 36.8% in January-October 2024, an increase of 0.9 pct compared to the same year. According to China ' s Power Battery Union, the company ' s domestic position in January-November 2024 was strengthened.
In the field of storage energy, based on infolink data, the company’s storage and battery output remains the world’s largest. The company is planning to go to Hong Kong to market and look back at the strategic layout of internationalization, which is expected to strengthen the company’s global leadership in the lithium industry.
The company's performance has grown steadily, with a special bonus programme, with an emphasis on shareholder returns. By 2024, the company had achieved a net return profit of $36,01 billion in the third quarter of the year, i.e. +15,59 per cent of the year, and a net profit of $32,176.6 billion, i.e. +19.26 per cent of the year. The net cash flow from the first three quarters of operations was $6,744 million, i.e., +28.09 per cent of the year.
In the consolidated statements, 15 per cent of the net profits attributable to the shareholders of listed companies amount to about $5.4 billion as a share, with a share of $12.30 (including taxes) per 10 shares of gold to all shareholders.
Increased risk; risk of changes in new products and technologies; and risk of large fluctuations in the price of raw materials. Report that “positive” investors are only suited to use research that does not have a higher risk level than “medium- and high-risk” and that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.