In the Ninder era (300,750.sz), Shen Kajian officially released a rock chassis, and the operations accelerated, suggesting “buy-in”
At the launch, company officials announced a deeper collaboration with Aveta, and a new Aveta model will set the world’s top stone plate.
In 2025, we expect an increase of 30% in the overall market demand for power and storage batteries, and the company’s output as the industry’s leading battery will continue to grow faster. On the price side, the price of the raw materials is now stable, the industry is accelerating the clean-up, and the company’s profitability is expected to remain stable.
In the Ningde era, a stone plate was released to broaden the operational boundary: on December 24th, the Ningde era officially released a stone chassis. The chassis is designed to be secure, and to enhance security by means of structural innovation, the use of high-intensity materials, rapid power outages, etc., at 120 km/h per hour.
In addition to safety, the chassis is assembled into batteries, electric machines, heat management systems, etc., which can level the floors and support an I4 level smart driver who can continue 1,000 km. Partners use the chassis to make it whole.
At the launch, company officials announced a deeper collaboration with Avita, the new Avita model of which will set the world’s first stone plate. The company released the stone chassis, and the officials’ deeper collaboration with Avita was from Tier1 electricity.
The company offers a solution for a car company with weak and difficult autonomous R & D capabilities, in the context of a growing industry phase-out competition in which institutional investors account for a share in the circulation of shares.
The company will build a factory in Spain, and the European layout will accelerate: on 10 December, the company issued an announcement to establish a joint venture with stellentis in Spain, each holding 50% of the shares.
In Spain, investments will be made in the construction of a battery plant for the production of lithium phosphate batteries with an annual design capacity of 50 gwh, with an estimated total investment of €4.38 billion. The plant is scheduled to be operational by the end of 2026 and will be equipped with stellentis level B and C vehicles.
In early 2023, the German factory, which had an annual capacity of 14 gwh, began production, providing batteries for car manufacturers such as BMW, Bosch, Dymler, etc. The Hungarian plant planned 100 gwh, a phase of which is under construction and is expected to start in 2025.
With the introduction of the new car carbon regulations in the EU since 2025, the demand for electric transformation of local automobiles has become stronger, and the demand for power cells is expected to increase significantly. And localized production layouts will enhance companies’ responsiveness to customer demand and help avoid potential tariff risks.
"Chinaresearchdept. chinaresededept. December 25th, 2024."