Business profits were higher than expected and product structures continued to rise upwards in the Ningde era (300,750.sz) with a return to the mother of $13.14 billion, i.e. + 26 per cent, ring of + 6.3 per cent, of which 24 q3 recorded impairment losses on assets.
Four hundred and forty billion yuan, an increase of about three billion yuan in ring q2, and an increase in operating profits over expectations after impairment.) (ii) Advantages: the price of the beneficiary product structure & lithium carbonate has fallen and the Māori rate has risen significantly. We expect the public god, the americium batteries to continue to be released, with a 25-year power-driven share of the two core products expected to increase further.
Increased profitability. Looking ahead, in 2025, we expect a firm-wide profit to remain stable.
Construction in progress/fixed assets are 23%, and corporate capital expenditure is gradually stabilizing. 2) Impairment of assets: from lithium carbonate spot down to $75,000 at the end of September, the company adopts the precautionary principle, with about $4.7 billion in asset impairment.
Quarterly stock readiness, 2403 inventory/business cost 0.86 and stock level health risk factors: industry demand is not as high as expected; risks of technological variability; increased competition patterns
I don't know what you're talking about, cindasecuritiesco.
Yao Yunfeng, a Master of Arts at the University of Yao, has been working on China-Thai securities, and on national gold securities, and is currently mainly engaged in new-energy lithium battery track research. What components are not, are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly, relevant to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.