In the Ninder era (300,750.sz) and in the tri-quarters of 2024, battery output grew steadily, profit-making rings increased significantly, and company output of 20243 batteries continued to grow steadily. We estimate that company's 202403 mobile batteries are stored.
Battery output is over 30gwhh, or nearly 25%. Foresight q4, the company battery output is expected to sustain growth.
In the context of the decline in lithium salt, companies have made significant impairment losses on lithium mining projects. The company 2024q3 notes the impairment of intangible assets of about $2 billion (mainly for mining prospecting rights) and fixed assets.
The price of lithium carbonate has continued to fall. In the context of the continuing decline in lithium carbonate prices, companies have adjusted the production of lithium carbonate for the development of lithium salt items and for the value of mining prospecting rights in hand, more asset impairment losses have been taken into account.
In July 2024, the company released new energy sources.
In August 2024, Aveta was the world’s premier in the Ningde era, with 40 super-grade amplification batteries. In September 2024, General and Company launched the first 60 super fast phosphate irons in the industry.
Lithium battery, recharged 5min, can continue more than 200 km and the product will be produced in 2025. 3-quarterly review of the Ningde era (300,750.sz) 2023 - financial performance is steady.
Investment proposals: raise profit forecasts to maintain a “better than the big market” rating. Given the positive impact of the company's kiosk, radon batteries, etc., on the company's profitability, I am taking into account the positive impact of the continued increase in the share of high-end products, such as the company's kiosk and the thorium battery, on the company's ability to make a profit.
Figure 5: Corporate Māori Rates, Net Interest Rates, Roe Situations, Figure 6: Changes in Corporate Cost Rates Repository for finished and goods in transit in the context of high demand.
In the case of impairment of assets, intangible assets are about 2 billion yuan (mainly for mining prospecting), fixed assets are about 1.9 billion yuan, stock prices are down by about 200 million yuan, construction works are down by about 600 million yuan. In the context of the continuing decline in the price of lithium carbonate, the company has made adjustments to the production arrangements of lithium carbonate, which have been developed, and the lithium salt projects, which have been developed.
After a reassessment of the value of the mining prospecting rights at hand, more asset impairment losses are taken into account. Global battery taps are growing steadily, product structure is becoming more profitable, company 2024q3 batteries are growing steadily.
Looking at q4, new energy vehicle sales are expected to sustain growth, storage demand, and corporate battery exports are expected to maintain a steady growth trend in the traditional season. We expect corporate power reserves to exceed 480gwh in 2024, a 23 per cent increase in the same year.
The company battery business has shown strong profitability and short-term asset impairments disrupt profits. We estimate that 2024q3 units of motor storage will have a net profit of about $0.10/wh, which is basically equal to the ring. If you consider impairment of the asset, then wh.
The company’s global power cell leadership is strong. According to Sneresearch data, January-August 2024.
The global power cell market ranked first, with 37.1 per cent in the city, and the overseas power cell fleet ranked first, with 26.3 per cent in the city, with companies at home in the first three quarters of 2024, according to the power cell coalition data, figure 8: Global power cell market competitive pattern, January-August 2024
Figure 7: Competition patterns in the global power cell market in 2023. Corporate product layout continues to improve, and product performance continues to improve. In July 2024, companies officially released new energy, commercial battery branded Skyline Batteries, with the first releases of supercharged and long-duration versions, with 4c performances and 4c performances, respectively.
In September of that year, the first 6c super-fast-filled lithium phosphate battery in the industry was launched by UPGAC, charged with 5min to continue the voyage with a product of more than 200 km, which will be produced in 2025. Investment proposal: to raise profit forecasts and maintain a “better than the big market” rating
Taking into account the positive impact of the continued increase in the share of high-end products, such as company athecrylic batteries, on the profitability of the company, we have raised the profit projection that the company is expected to achieve a net return profit in 2024-2026. The authors have assured that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author