Launching of an offshore financing platform on the market of the proposed Hong Kong stock, and continuation of globalization 27 December 2024  Events: 26 December, the Ningde era, to further advance the strategic layout of corporate globalization
The internationalization of capital operating platforms to improve integrated competitiveness, where companies propose to issue h-share shares and apply for listing in Hong Kong, mainly to set up offshore financing platforms, is expected to dilute less than 5%. Companies are expected to issue less than 5% at this time, based on the current market value, and consider
After the Hong Kong stock discount, we expect the total distribution to be no more than $40 billion, with a low dilution effect. At the end of the year, the public q3 was more than $260 billion in cash and more money was available, but the company’s follow-up expansion was mainly abroad, with Hungary’s 100gwh (Euro7.3 billion) and Spain’s 50gwh (Euro4 billion).
We expect to start production in 25-26 years, and we expect capex to be more than Euro2 billion overseas each year, and the company’s port share listings will help sustain the internationalization strategy. At the same time, the company’s value is low, with an estimated 14x in 24 years, and a new energy source is 26x.
The company’s overseas capacity has continued to grow, with 26 years of overseas relay domestic growth. We expect the sales of electric cars to be equal in Europe in 24 years, with a 15% increase in sales in 25 years, but with the new 25h2 platform model.
Germany 14gwh, Hungary 100gwh, Spain 50gwh, is expected to increase its share in Europe to 40-50%. The United States, in collaboration with Ford Technology Authority 20gwh, is now successfully moving forward with the expected 26 years of production, Tesla, General Motors, etc., in the US market following the abolition of the US-ira bill.
The short-term industry is not a bad season, with the company going up 24 years to 490 gwh, 25 years to 650 gwh+, with an increase of 33%. At the profit end, battery prices are stable, size and product structure are superior to hedge prices fall every year, and we expect single wh profits to remain at 0.1/wh.
The company plans to return to its mother in the last three quarters of the year.
Financial strength, European share of joint ventures re-expansion of profits projection and investment rating: we maintain the expected net return profits of the company in 24-26 years.
Review: Māori rates are newly high and real profits are high. Three major financial forecasting tables for the Ningde era. East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.