Center for Research on Resources and the Environment (CREDEH) Volcano (600309.sh) buy-in (first rating)
Market price (RMB): $54.40. Strings are gaining advantage, multi-dimensional layouts are looking for long-term development, three blocks are working in tandem, leading to a steady increase in corporate profitability.
Business expansion, formation of polyurethane, petrochemicals and fine-chemicals, three major plates with more than a 30% increase in compound collection. With years of accumulation in polyurethane, corporate polyurethane layouts have highlighted the advantages of profiting from more than 70% of the products contributed to the company and providing basic performance guarantees; through the construction of petrochemical projects, the company has been able to provide basic performance guarantees.
While providing existing raw materials with cost savings, using raw materials procurement advantages, product-line combination advantages to achieve super-occupational levels of profitability, leading to higher corporate performance; and as end-specific product technologies break down, companies are expected to achieve higher technology premiums and long-term efficiency gains.
With the same layout, companies are expected to pursue international champions on a continuous basis to build a long-term quality development landscape. Multidimensional enhanced polyurethane (PUR) has developed advantages, increasing basic profitability.
At the same time, the company continues to optimize its production processes to reduce construction costs in a technologically modified manner in order to integrate the industrial chain layouts to reduce the cost of raw materials and build core cost advantages; and the company is nuclearly based on monocrylate.
The growth in global polyurethane demand is accompanied by a steady and long-term increase in polyurethane profit margins.
Through upstream extension of production lines and diversified product layouts, the company will form the c2, c3 and c4 composite feedstock supply platform, where the company ' s petrochemical project is contributing nearly 10 per cent of the company ' s profits at this stage. With the increase in the volume of production and trade in raw materials for the ethylene project, the petrochemical project ' s profitability will continue to increase, increasing the company ' s performance.
Long-term provides important support; while firm-end fine product operations expand product varieties through upstream production line layouts, combining existing high-end products such as pc, sap, pmma, tpu, forming a complex material supply system, expanding from basic product supply to service output, with long-term high-technology returns.
The competitive advantage in the road provides a high profit base, and the petrochemical project provides medium-term performance growth, giving companies the risk of downside prices for PUR products by Wang Minghui; the risk of less than expected exposure to new projects; and the risk of price fluctuations for raw materials.
• This is the first in a series of studies conducted by the Manchuria Chemical Corporation, which seeks to move forward from the development of the company to the future and to explore in depth how such an excellent chemical company can grow into a leading industry, and what competitive advantages it may have, and how it can be extended.
For years, the growth advantage of polyurethane has continued to be strengthened. The company started with the mdi industry, seized the opportunity after the technology breakthrough, and gradually pursued the competitive advantage of the industry: tons of mdi capacity, only five years away, to steal new domestic production in Bassfe and Bayer.
Prior to the release of 280,000 tonnes of capacity, which took over half of the supply in the domestic market, companies seized the opportunity of domestic polyurethane demand to accelerate the expansion of the occupation market, raising their current capacity to 2.1 million tonnes, the world's top, and creating a clear advantage of scale.
Autonomous R & D, both internal and external, and integrated construction continue to reduce efficiency gains. Over the years, companies have invested continuously in technology development, internalizing a culture of innovation in firms by stimulating strategies; relying on technological optimization and the replacement of domestic equipment, creating a clear low-cost investment advantage; and adding to the company’s full-scale production.
Multi-product global layout, building a whole series of integrated supply systems. Companies are actively expanding their horizontal product categories based on the production of mdi products and achieving a full range of integrated supply capabilities.
At the same time, the industrial chain has been extended downstream from isocyanate and integrated product and service delivery solutions have been developed.
The company has built a multi-dimensional development platform in both directions around the industrial chain. The company has a light carbon chain layout upstream, in synergy with the original product chain, to build cost advantages and form an integrated supply base for a variety of raw materials; and a bottom-up extension, building on industrial frameworks and research and development innovations, and building a platform for integrated material supply.
New and old lines are staggered, and petrochemical operations form the basis for building platforms for downstream industry extension. Through the integrated layout of the c2, c3 and c4 industry chains, the existing light hydrocarbon industry chains complement polyurethane production lines, forming a diversified and integrated supply base for basic chemical products, while extending downstream products
Over the years, companies have gained a better basis for special medamine, adi, tpu, and have since achieved pc, sap, pmma, etc.
The supply of diversified products will enable the company to form an integrated material supply system, which will be upgraded from the basic product supply to the service output, with deep downstream customers bound.
The fossilization project has been expanding to provide a continuous impetus to the end layout. For many years, companies have continued to develop their inputs at a high level, moving forward in terms of cost optimization and product upgrading, and acquiring initial technological premiums.
Over the years, the company has been expanding its petrochemical operations to generate space growth through large-scale investment, building the raw material supply system from the upstream end, expanding space for downstream research and development layouts, while substantial cash flows will sustain large-scale innovation inputs.
▪ Taken together, with the industrial advantage of polyurethane deposits over many years, the company will be able to iron the volatility to a good profit base; and the petrochemical project will increase the amount of potential for companies to make profits and contribute in the medium term.
Performance growth; with innovation driven by sophisticated end-products, companies are expected to achieve a rising technological premium to achieve long-term growth. With three synergized stubbles, companies are expected to pursue international champions and build a good long-term development pattern.
I. Chemical poles, the three main lines of operation, seek to develop in the long term, breaking the circle and strengthening the profit base. Since its inception in 1998, the company has continued to develop and produce mdi, the main raw material of polyurethane, after many years of expansion and improvement.
The division has developed a better business layout in the polyurethane industrial chain. Polyurethane, a highly molecular synthesis of materials connected to the ammonia esterate group (-nhcoo-) has developed rapidly over the years and has become the fifth-highest molecular material after pp, pe, pvc, ps, etc., with excellent thermal insulation and high recovery.
The fields of application, which are characterized by characteristics such as bullets, mills and oil resistance, have continued to expand and are used in a variety of materials such as fibres, paints, glues, foams, elastics, sealants, domestic electricity, light labour, furniture, spinning clothing, construction materials, transportation, military engineering, etc., are now the most widely used synthetic materials.
The market space for mdi, the main material for polyurethane, has been expanding, benefiting from its good performance and application potential. However, given the high level of technology and capital inputs required for the product, industrial production has been relatively concentrated and stable over the years. Companies have seized the opportunity, starting from scratch, for a long time.
Technology R & D and continuous process upgrading, breaking down development barriers and strengthening their competitive advantages, with the continued expansion of downstream applications of polyurethane, increasing penetration rates and steady upstream demand for raw materials, rising, adding to the highly concentrated oligopolistic patterns in the industry, and sustaining a relatively high level of product profitability over time.
Ping, it is a very small group of chemical materials industries with extensive market demand, but without dispersing competitors in the high-end material market. It can be said that companies have chosen an excellent course of business that provides a favourable basis for their long-term growth.
During the 17 years of listing, compound growth of more than 30% was achieved, leading to long-term high-speed growth. The extension of the industrial chain layout, with diversified development, opened up new opportunities for growth.
However, by the fourth quarter of 2008, the impact of the international financial crisis on the global economy had led to a rapid decline in downstream demand and to a first-ever stagnation of corporate polyurethane operations, which had led to the company ' s smoke station chemistry in parallel with the migration of its old mill mdi capacity from 2009 onwards.
The overall planning of industrial parks, based on the consolidation of mdi production and the expansion of production capacity, has opened up two new directions for development: 1 through integrated construction, with improved production chains for polyurethane products such as mdi, with cost advantages through upstream and downstream extension of the industrial chain and circular economic layout; 2 through stone
Integration projects, upstream expansion of the pre-energy layout, downstream enrichment of end-product materials, petrochemical chains, combined with existing production layouts, opened up new opportunities for growth. 2014 launch of the corporate mdi integration project, 2015 launch of the company epoxypropanes and acrylates
The integration project has been completed, the PUR industrial chain has been improved by two core projects, and the company’s diversification and development space has been expanded through the pseudo-plate layout. The company’s petrochemical project has continued to expand in recent years, although it has not yet reached the level of profit in polyurethane production.
Business chain layout and space offer companies a variety of directions and possibilities. In 2018, the company achieved 60,621 million yuan, an increase of 14 per cent over the previous year, of which about 30 per cent was received by petrochemical products, and with the progressive implementation of the future company's ethylene petrochemical project, the petrochemical project is expected to gain one.
Over the years, the company’s production in polyurethane has expanded, and the diversified product layout has enabled the company to move toward diversified integrated service providers. The company’s petrochemical industry chain has been structured in a way that is not just energy-oriented at its source.
The industry layout, combined with the original polyurethane chain, delivers some of the raw materials, by-product digestion and downstream product extension, while the company provides material layout space for a variety of end materials through the layout of the chain of light carbon industries. Through the cross layout of the chain, the company ' s two main industrial platforms interact with each other.
Supported by increasing competitive advantages in terms of cost optimization, product abundance, industry extension, and achieving the long-term layout effect of “1+1>2”.
The company has already occupied an important industrial position in the polyurethane sector, and the combination of diversified product production and industrial layout has enabled the company to combine both the cost of the product and the need for downstream diversification. The company polyurethane has benefited from years of technological upgrading, expansion of capacity, and a combination of park industries.
Through the polyurethane chain, companies are expected to iron the maximum amount of volatility, gain a good profit base, and, with the continued expansion of the petrochemical industry, they are expected to be able to make a difference.
Figure 7: Corporate petrochemical projects intersect with the industrial chain layout of polyurethane operations (simplified).
Through the layout of the c3 and c4 industry chains, the downstream effective multi-area synergies extend to fine products, enriching the existing end demand areas while extending the polyurethane industry chains. In the future, the company will further address the existing product lines along with the phase-in of the c2 production line.
There are bottlenecks in the development of the industrial chain, continuing to reduce the cost of production of products, while expanding the high molecular material II. Polyurethane business, continuing to contract, gaining a competitive advantage 2.1. Rapid expansion takes over the market, taking on trains with domestic demand eruptions.
The good track has good prospects for development, and it also means a more difficult start and expansion. As the main ingredient of polyurethane, mdi has a large market space and a good market structure, and very high technical and financial requirements provide a solid barrier to mdi’s development, making it a large amount.
Quality track in chemical products. However, at this stage of the landscape, it is difficult to hide the initial difficulties of development, and the production skills and talent requirements of the mdi profession, as well as capital spending, caused great difficulties in the deployment of domestic firms in the early stages of the development of our chemical industry. At the end of the twentieth century, the world was home only to Bassfe, Bayer, and the rest of the world.
The Dow, ici and Sani enterprises have core production technology, our downstream companies, such as leather and polyether production, have long relied on the import of mdi products for production, and under the technological blockade of the international giants, it has been difficult to break through mdi production technology.
Under the dual pressure of technology and production capacity, Manchurian chemistry broke the monopoly of technology, rapidly expanding production, and pre-empted the country’s internal mdi supply capacity. In 1984, the company introduced 10,000 tons of mdi old production lines from Japan, with real capacity reaching only 7 to 8%, under a global technology blockade by the international giants, 1994.
The company, in collaboration with the Qingdao Chemical Institute, developed 20,000 tons of annual manufacturing technology with autonomous intellectual property rights, breaking the technological monopoly of the industry and becoming the sixth global firm with core production technologies.
Technology has not yet created a qualitative and cost advantage, and companies have continued to expand and adapt their production capacity after being listed under the dual pressure of technology and capacity. For five years, companies have seized new domestic production capacity in Bassfe and Bayer.
They are inadequate, but they already account for half of the supply in the domestic market, creating an efficient supply in the domestic market.
Chart 9: China’s historical change in mdi’s capacity (tonnes) takes advantage of demand to unlock opportunities, accelerates the expansion of the market and strengthens the advantages of scale. In the twenty-first century, the country has benefited from the effects of reforms, opening up, and China’s accession to the World Trade Organization.
Economic mobility, rising demand, rapid penetration of polyurethane applications, leading to rising market demand for mdi, and firm capacity expansion and technological upgrading to keep pace with rapidly rising domestic demand.
Opportunities for breakthroughs in scale production technologies, rapid expansion of productivity, smoke stations, Ningbo twin bases, and continued to occupy half of the country ' s market. As a result of rising domestic consumption and export demand, polyurethane penetration in multiple areas, such as home power and light work, continued to rise, more than 10 years before 2012.
More than 10 per cent of the growth in demand has been sustained over time, enabling companies have achieved an effective transfer between production-production-performance and economies of scale through expansion of capacity, with constant cost reductions. Figure 10: China’s production of mdi and changes in demand (tonnes)
Figure 11: Changes in China ' s mdi consumption rate and gdp
2.2 Autonomous R & D, both internal and external, integrated construction, sustained and high-quality R & D inputs over many years, and technology transformation aids achieving “reducing efficiency gains”. Over the years, the Department has given high priority to R & D, with 3 to 5 per cent of sales revenue being used as R & D inputs for mdi production over the years.
Equipment and processes are being technologically upgraded, increasing the capacity of equipment in old plants from 20,000 tons to 40,000 tons and 80,000 tons, and in 2002, the company gained 160,000 years of international leadership, using continuous production and technological adaptations at various stages for very low follow-up investment.
The Ningbo plant has experienced a rapid increase in production capacity, resulting in a production capacity of 60+1.2 million tons, with the company now accounting for 2.1 million tons of manufacturing capacity worldwide, which is now the world’s highest.
As the new generation of technologies evolves, companies will further improve production efficiency, contribute to “downscaling efficiency” and gradually achieve counter-surplus in areas of advantage. A sustained top-down focus on technology research and development will internalize innovation into an enterprise-development gene.
The technology embargo on polyurethane and related products is extremely tight, and companies have to rely on their own and domestic scientific institutions for a long time to break the technology blockade in the international arena. After years of high-quality investment and the development of autonomous R & D capabilities, companies have developed effective R & D innovation systems through long-term processes.
Technology inputs and effective incentive strategies continue to strengthen the firm’s built-in R & D capabilities. And the company’s successive leadership positions, both in the company and in the long term, are accompanied by the growth of the company, its professional background, and all its technical positions, thus enabling the company to develop a sound research and development culture from the top down and internalize innovation.
Enterprise development genetics, promoting sustained progress of enterprises; continuous upgrading of production lines, relying on technological research and development and the replacement of domestically produced equipment, enhancing the advantages of low-cost investment in enterprises; and sustained investment in research and development by companies, leading to stronger product research in the main business polyurethane.
Systems, while undertaking large-scale technology package research and development, companies are constantly upgrading existing processes and production loops, making full use of existing equipment, rapidly expanding production lines with low follow-up inputs, and significantly increasing the efficiency of asset use.
The construction of production lines and production lines for the tobacco industry parks, Ningbo I and II, mostly based on technological upgrading, the expansion of production capacity, the use of national production as an alternative to imported equipment, the improvement of efficiency in the use of public equipment, efficient savings, and the strengthening of enterprise investment advantages.
After many years of research and development, the Department has achieved continuous production of mdi products, implemented an effective layout of the mdi whole industry chain, moved the raw materials sufficiently forward, and integrated the company into the campus and formed a basically complete industrial chain.
The Bureau, which only procures primary raw materials in industrial chains such as coal, salt, benzene, and lpg, with a high level of self-sufficiency of raw materials, is the most well-equipped production chain in the domestic industry, which effectively reduces the cost of purchasing raw materials for products.
The company combines the long-chain process for polyurethane production with a coordinated layout of coal, salin and petrochemical industries, and constructs a cross-cutting production platform for the efficient distribution of intermediate feedstock gas such as hydrogen, chlorine and carbon monoxide through reasonable control of production processes at all stages; existing production lines
Reasonable outreach, with a diversified product production of pc, bdo, etc., which effectively enhances the efficiency of the existing industrial chain and expands the business development space of companies. At the same time, companies recycle waste salt water from mdi production for chlor-alkali feedstocks after treatment, introduce Hcl oxidation and oxidize parts of hydrochloric acid to chlorine gas.
In conjunction with photogas production, the production of sludge is treated as construction materials, the use of materials is sufficiently efficient, and the production of waste is effectively addressed. And, benefiting from the integrated layout of the park, the company is providing heat and electricity in the park, and as the production line continues to diversify, the efficiency of the use of public equipment, such as energy, is significantly increased.
Figure 16: Integrated layout of the company ' s polyurethane cycle industrial chain (simplified)
(a) The competitive advantage in the production of mdi products, which continuously drives the development of the corporate mdi portfolio:
Upgraded technology rapidly and efficiently upgrades production capacity, uses domestically produced equipment, improves efficiency in the use of fixed equipment, achieves low-cost capacity to build capacity and reduces depreciation at cost: Companies have made industry-wide chain layouts of mdi production lines through the purchase of coal, salt, benzene, lpg, etc.
Primary raw materials in the industrial chain, which basically achieved a high level of self-sufficiency and reduced the cost of raw materials; complex construction of parks, integrated planning and construction of parks in smoke stations, Nimba, and accompanying public facilities in parks, integrated layout and platform-based management, with partial use of materials
Recycled materials and unified energy supply to achieve efficient use of energy and materials. Chart 17: Multi-dimensional repairs with multi-dimensional construction of cost advantages mdi whole-industry chain layouts
A full industry chain layout of mdi, sufficient forward procurement of raw materials, largely achieved high self-sufficiency of raw materials
Sustainable and high-quality R & D investment has led to a high degree of self-sufficiency of raw materials and a reduction in the genes for internalizing innovation.
The cost of procuring raw materials for product production, with great emphasis on innovation in research and development, continued high-water inputs, business upgrading mdi production
Integrated park cycle layout Process to achieve scale product production and efficient use of materials and energy
Increased production efficiency and product quality. Co-ordinated distribution of coal, salt, petrochemicals, integrated extension of industrial chains, efficient distribution of intermediates,
Technology upgrading, domestication of equipment, recycling of waste salts, hydrochloric acid, etc., platform-based upgrading of production lines at lower cost
Rationalization of controls to increase efficiency in the use of energy materials: Strengthening low-cost investment advantages Rapid expansion of production line capacity and upgrading of equipment
Use efficiency, national production of equipment, lower construction costs, and enhance investment advantages. 2.3. Multi-product global layout, building a whole series of integrated supply systems
For many years, companies have continued to deepen their cultivation in the area of mdi products, to upgrade their production capacity to take over the market, and to improve the type of mdi product, which is based on pure mdi, polymer-mdi products, and subsequently on liquefied mdi, hydromdi, etc.
The modified mdi product enriches the downstream applications of existing products; on this basis, the company has not perfected the product system of the icycyanate, the whole-scale aromatic icylates, the fats are cyanide esters, and has achieved the layout of a large variety of mdi and tdi, while at the same time disaggregating groups of hdi, ipti, etc.
Products such as hmdi also form a supply capacity and are a very small number of international integrated suppliers of system-wide icylates, providing integrated solutions for downstream applications, extending downstream in conjunction with the industrial chain layout to meet the diversity needs of downstream customers.
Parallel to the horizontal expansion of products at the end of esters, the company also works vertically in the industrial chain Extension, in conjunction with the company's petrochemical product layout, the company extends the industrial chain downstream from isocyanate, followed by soft polyurethane, hard polyurethane, elastic polyurethane and associated glue, coating
The downstream product, such as materials, greatly expands the choice space for downstream customers, combining the company ' s own understanding of the characteristics of the product, forming a raw material supply, sale of the finished product, custom design, collaborative research and development of multi-dimensional business plates, thus building a platform for integrated programme solvers of the company ' s products and services.
After a period of domestic polyurethane demand surges, companies actively expand overseas markets and continue to push into global development strategies. After years of construction, companies are already in North America, South America, Asia, Europe, and Europe.
Market networks have been built in regions such as the Middle East to achieve a global distribution of polyurethane products, while at the same time, for two major development markets in North America and Europe, companies have built offshore production bases in Hungary, with Khaziz Balziko, Hungary, and Houston, United States, serving as marketing and technology service centres.
Production and R & D strengthen Europe’s and North America’s layout, and increase their share of the foreign market.
The share of corporate income has also increased slowly, and companies will continue to reap a steady increase in overseas demand. 2.4. Polyurethane demand continues to rise, company multi-base construction continues to expand.
The area of downstream applications of polyurethane (PUR) is extremely wide and, as a material-based chemical product, PUR products applications are close to the end of demand, downstream applications cover areas such as construction, domestic electricity, automobiles, spinning clothing, accompanying the expansion of new applications and the steady development of original applications in industrial development will continue.
The market for polyurethane has continued to grow and demand has risen steadily. Global demand for mdi mdi was highly concentrated in 2013-2018, maintaining relatively good competitive patterns. Benefiting from technical and financial barriers and the pre-emptive advantage of suppliers in the industry, the mdi sector has been highly concentrated for many years, with only one provider globally.
There are seven Mdi mature suppliers, and in 2019 there were about 8.75 million tons of production capacity globally, with the top five firms in Huanhua, Barsf, Coth, etc. with a combined capacity of over 90%, and the industry is largely in a highly monopolistic position. In a relatively better competitive pattern, most competitors in the industry are the most profitable.
The marginal cost supports the price of mdi products, and integrated layout firms are expected to guarantee basic profitability. While the mdi supply firms are highly concentrated, different enterprises, and the size of production in mdi, are located in different bases.
There are clear differences in the layout of production lines, with large-scale production enterprises having obvious purchases of raw materials, costs, amortization, advantages such as technology research and development that scale production effectively reduces the production costs of products, while integrated layout enterprises are expected to expand the profit chain and reduce the cost of materials by extending the layout upstream.
The cost of mdi production varies significantly from one enterprise to another. Over the past five years, our product has experienced several rounds of product price fluctuations, but the price of the product has been more clearly supported by prices that have fallen to marginal costs.
Over the years, through technological expansion, Mandu chemistry has achieved a global leadership in reducing production costs on the basis of declining single-ton production inputs, continuing to reduce product production costs on the basis of economies of scale and technological optimization, and effectively achieving self-sufficiency of raw materials through integrated production lines for benzidine, chlor-alkali and gasification.
Figure 26: Mdi products and historical trends in price differentials ($/tons) will continue to expand production capacity, and multi-base construction will continue to expand the layout area.
The world ' s largest mdi supplier, while companies will continue to build up their capacity in the future, with 500,000 tons of additional mdi production from the company ' s smoke station completed and will be produced according to demand, while the company will continue to expand its mdi production capacity at Fujian Ningbo base and further upgrade its market share of mdi products
In addition, companies will continue to look for opportunities in the future to build mdi production bases in the United States, to try to reduce the trade risk of product exports, while taking advantage of the opportunities offered by the increased demand for mdi in the United States construction sector and expanding it further into the United States market.
iii. A two-way expansion of the development space to form a long-term development pattern 3.1. In combination with the development advantages of the company, gradually deepens the integrated layout of the industrial chain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The material industry at its core, through the extension of the upstream industrial chain, forms the industrial base of a three-line combination of salinization, coalification and petrochemicals, as companies mature in the polyurethane field, opening up new development platforms as a necessary path for companies to move to a new stage of development.
In combination with the existing production lines, the company is located on the eastern coast, and the advantages of land transport are not obvious, and it has no advantage in the industrial layout of coal-carbon resources as a strong force, while the company is located in a few coastal cities in the country with deep water port resources, and the petrochemical industry chain is uniquely geographically superior, and it is the company's entry.
From simplicity to complexity, a logical choice of chain starting points is made to deepen the configuration of the petrochemical business. While the same is true of the petrochemical industry, different chain starting points have a clear impact on the company’s industrial layout and pace of development: on the one hand, stone.
The scalability and chain development of the chemical industry requires firms to stay close to the source of the industry, gain integration advantages and scale effects by extending to upstream production, and build barriers to competition from the cost; on the other hand, the closer industry is closer to the energy end, the more complex the chain is and the need for finance and technology.
Continuing a broad range of inputs, rather than creating a synergistic product, would require an expansion of the marketing market. So, without a foundation, a step-by-step layout of production lines would be demanding, difficult, and potentially risky. And companies would be simple to thick, using lpg as their initial entry point, building on existing sites.
The synergies between the physiology and the industrial chain open up the basic layout of the petrochemical industry. Figure 27: Investments in large-scale petrochemical projects (the vspdh project for petroleum refining)
The industrial chain of the petrochemical platform is moving forward effectively, creating an integrated advantage for the associated products, while avoiding the need to refine larger-scale funds, R & D inputs, with a rational industry, and to invest in new development platforms. The company uses lpg as a starting point for the development of the industrial chain, with a light carbon industry.
The layout, while creating good synergies with the production of the original product chain, downstream applications, provides a good development space for new product research and development. The petrochemical industry chain is gradually deepening, further strengthening integrated park development.
The company has matured to operate the c3 and c4 industrial chains, and has achieved zero access to petrochemicals and maintained orderly operation and progressive optimization, while project c2 construction has progressed steadily, and the LFC industry chain configuration has been progressively completed and low-carbon industry chains have been self-supplied.
Only benzene has yet to become self-sufficient, compared to the placement of integrated parks such as the International Chemical giant Basfe, where companies still have further scope for integrated industrial chain deployment to source sources, building on the current phase of the petrochemical industry, extending upstream to form self-supply of benzene raw materials, and enhancing better integration of parks.
The company uses the lpg as its source, with the chain of c2, c3, c4, which overlaps with the company's original coal, salinization, and the company's basics.
An effective layout of the underlying chemical products in the preceding period has been developed; and, through sound industrial chain planning, the company's old and new production lines are interlocking, the chain is complementary, supplying raw materials for the original mdi integration project, and the digestion of by-product hydrochloric acid ensures the smooth operation of the original production line.
The company provides raw materials for the production of hexachloropropane and ethylene ethylene ethylene downstream polyether polyols through the c3 and c2 production chains, which complement the original production lines on the basis of self-supply of raw materials.
Pvc digests by-product hydrochloric acid to ensure that the industrial chain functions smoothly. In the process of producing chlorine-containing products, the problem of reproducing hydrochloric acid has been an important factor in the operation of the main line products, in the by-products.
In difficult conditions for smooth treatment, the scalding bank will continue to affect the efficiency of the production line, the company passes the pvc line of the Ethylene Project, digesting the by-product hydrochloric acid, thereby ensuring that the polyurethane line can be levelled.
Upstream extension of the industrial chain, building cost advantages from the production end. With the continued development of the domestic chemical industry, the pre-existing demographic dividend has long been unable to support firms to gain a relatively profitable space, and thus the continued optimization of the industry’s extension layout and processes has become the main way for firms to expand the profit margin.
Lpg, as a point of departure for a unified industrial chain, creates a single raw material scale through multi-industry chain layout, while diversified industrial chain layout provides a sufficient supply of raw materials for downstream products for multiple ends and effectively constructs the cost advantage of the production end.
Building an ipg hole based on its geographical advantages and strengthening the industrial chain advantages. With the growing importance of national production in the chemical industry, large-scale energy gas storage on land is subject to a number of constraints, most companies have to choose small, large-scale and costly canister storage.
The lpg groundwater reservoir is an excellent way of storing large-scale international energy sources, which need to be built from the sky, using the natural storage conditions of the groundwater, supported by artificial water containment systems, to create a reserve space that can store energy.
The caves have an excellent energy storage advantage because of their large, secure, emergency capacity, long useful life, and small size. Huanhua is a natural geographical advantage, with innovative countries with technology to build nearly 1.2 million cubic metres in one phase, and a two-phase 60*2 cubic metres in a continuous process.
Continuous enhancement of the material storage end advantage, which provides a good basis for the development of downstream industry layout. Figure 29: Impact maps of groundwater reservoirs, multi-dimensional enhancement of lpg purchasing advantage and construction of cost advantages from the end of the purchase.
Since the beginning of the industry, there has been continuous interaction with international lpg suppliers, and since 2016 companies have signed long-term supply contracts for lpg with Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Kuwait and Abu Dhabi, the major suppliers of lpg in the Middle East, and have entered into the Middle East cp Prices Commission,
The gingaterm committee, with its stand-alone voice in cap pricing and contract customization, effectively supports the company’s purchasing advantage in lpg raw materials. And as the company’s chain layout of petrochemicals is progressively improved, the company’s lpg purchases are gradually increasing, adding up to the company’s capacity.
Natural reservoir advantages, synchronized lpg trade, company-wide lpg purchases are rapidly scaled up, and corporate procurement bargaining is continuously enhanced, thereby enabling companies to build industrial frameworks from the point of view of the procurement and to build the platform base for downstream industry extension.
The integrated layout of the c3 and c4 industrial chains, where companies build relatively complete chains of light hydrocarbons, and through the interlocking complementarities of three broad series of products, they form a diversified base of supply for basic chemical products, providing a supply platform for front-end production lines and raw materials for downstream product extension.
R & D, the company has a pc, pu production line base, which will also be extended through PIC to high molecular materials such as pp, pe, pvc, sap, pmma, while the company ' s existing production lines, the layout of butadiene, styrene and acrylate, are expanded to ps, abs, etc.
Terminal materials such as pa provide a good pre-industrial base, with strong support companies building composite materials for 3.3, industrial extension to end-use with fine-chemists, integrated service supply capacity, technological R & D production, and sophisticated chemical industry development.
The mdi business layout has been accompanied by continuous product research and development, with successive technological breakthroughs in product lines such as mda, tpu, sap, pc, hdi, mma, etc. that have been introduced and started with the company ' s complete integration of the ip-ipn-ipda-ipdi whole-industry process process in 2013.
Over the years, companies have enriched the range of sophisticated downstream chemical products and, in combination with years of R & D accumulation, have made progress towards quantitative production of end-products, and have achieved good performances in the area of special meds, hdi, etc.
The company has evolved over the years into a new material industry, polycarbonate industry, surface materials industry, and functionality.
The Department of Philosophy, which expands the industrial chain from large-scale chemical industries to fine-chemicals, gradually sinks to the end, seeking the high value added of high-tech requirements, which is expected to generate high-value-added, low-volatile operations that are resistant to the risk of high-cycle fluctuations based on increased development space.
During the years, companies have continued to deploy products such as polyurethane, downstream polyethers, tpu, coatings, etc. have made business breakthroughs in related areas such as real estate, automobiles, etc., and have been accompanied by a growing variety of downstream products.
The downstream customer base is expected to boost the continuous penetration of the downstream applications of new products and achieve synergies in the product market  the continuous expansion of the product product range and the creation of an integrated product supply system. Over the years, companies have combined the different layout advantages of cyanide with a gradual industrial extension of special downstream materials and functional materials.
Specialized meds, adi, tpu have gained a good basis for development, and since 2017 the company has been active at the material end and has achieved production volumes of pc, sap, pmma, etc., with the gradual penetration of the product market, the efficiency of the end line will be further enhanced and it is expected to increase further.
With the progressive improvement of the petrochemical line, the company will expand the pvc, pe, etc. at the downstream end of the material, and will also map high value-added engineering plastics such as pa, ps, abs.
Export upgrades, deep-seated downstream customers, and continuous expansion of the market space for the company’s downstream products. 3.4, upgrading technological ingenuity and fostering new directions for future development. Technology-driven development will be the mainstream direction for future manufacturing development in the country.
Enterprise development has gone through a difficult start and a rapid pace of development, and, looking back at the whole development journey, most of the drivers of high enterprise growth have been concentrated in a crude craze of volume expansion, which has achieved cost advantages in terms of size and demographic dividends. However, as a result of the size of the industry as a whole, concentration has gradually increased.
The cost gap between retention firms will gradually weaken as competitive firms develop their industrial chains and manage them in an integrated manner, and the conditions that lead to the creation of a fundamental advantage gradually converge towards technological innovation. The new development model will gradually rise, and innovation to build barriers to competition will be the way to long-term development.
The rapid growth phase, accompanied by rising demand at the end, and the rising demand-based growth of chemical industries, led to higher profits, but after the widespread diffusion of basic products, the pace of recovery, the gradual rise of a growth model of technology-based value-added products, and high technological barriers.
The fossilization project continues to expand to provide a sustained impetus to the end layout. While it is also driven by innovation, the enterprise’s level of innovation remains significantly different: if innovation is driven differently by innovation, then it is driven by innovation.
It can be divided broadly into system-driven and demand-driven. Over the centuries, large-scale R & D inputs and long-term innovation deposits have led to a diversified system of innovation within the enterprise, with multi-directional and multidisciplinary technical research based on optimal research on existing products and problems.
“Reducing production” leads the way in new technologies for new products: yet most firms, without historical accumulation, face short-term market competition from industry pioneers and have to cut in from the demand point to determine their direction and move away from a single product to a gradual increase in competitive power.
As one of the leading companies in our chemical industry, Wenhua Chemistry still needs to face the historical competition gap, with companies constantly moving ahead with high levels of investment in cost optimization and product upgrading over the years to obtain initial technology premiums. The company continues to extend its petrochemical business to large-scale investment zones.
Motivated spatial growth, building the material platform system from the upstream end, expanding space for downstream research and development layouts, and supporting innovative inputs with a large cash flow at the same time, and securing funding and time for downstream layouts of companies to upgrade from “demand innovation” to “system innovation”, thus achieving sustained innovation-led business value enhancement.
The company has been operating continuously since it was listed, creating polyurethane, petrochemicals and fine-chemicals, with a compound rate of growth exceeding the rate of growth.
30%. With years of accumulation in the polyurethane sector, the competitive advantage is highlighted by the fact that the polyurethane business in 2018 made a profit of more than 70% of the company ' s products and provided basic performance guarantees over the years; through the construction of the petrochemical project, the company will save costs by providing raw materials from existing production lines, relying on the advantages of material procurement,
The production-line combination is profitable at the super-industry level, leading to growth in corporate performance; and, as the end-point fine product technology breaks, the company is expected to get a rising technology premium and achieve long-term efficiency gains. With the three silos in place, the company is expected to keep catching up with international champions and build longer.
▪ The following assumptions are made with respect to each part of the company's business and new construction projects, based on the industry trends in the layout of the company's three major business plates and existing products:
Since 2018, the prices of polyurethane products have gone down, and the prices of the products recovered slightly in the first quarter of 2019, but the prices of the products have fallen back to historically low levels due to the concentration of work and demand in the industry at a later stage.
Tdi is more fragmented than the mdi competition pattern, with a relatively small business capacity, a long-term low price, a low installation load, and small-scale enterprises that are not able to make a profit effectively.
As a result, there are no production bottlenecks for the company, and in order to ensure a stable market climate for the company as a whole, chart 36: historical price trends for mdi products ($/tonne) Chart 37: historical price trends for tdi and soft bubble polyethers ($/tonne)
The price of epoxy propane, acrylic acid, etc., in 2019, the main domestic carbon tri-industry chain.
The price differentials for c-propanes and acrylic acid-propanes, which are found in almost three years, are based on shocks and are assumed to be at the same level as in 2019; The 2020 company acrylic project is expected to be operational in the second half of the year, taking into account the need to increase the load of work.
Time, so it is assumed that the future acrylic project will contribute to a four-month performance with an 80 per cent start-up rate, but with relatively high prior-period costs, depreciation, energy consumption, labour costs, etc., calculated for 4.5 months of operation.
Fine chemical products and new material series: due to a relatively stable level of profitability for refined chemical products, a steady increase of 8 per cent is expected in products such as company specialty meds, adi, etc., a gradual increase in production of sap, pc in 2017 and 2018, and a new start-up in pmma in 2019, with a low start-up load.
Taking into account the company’s competitive advantage in a high-quality polyurethane track, the risk of price fluctuations for the polyurethane series products is high and relatively stable: if the global production of pyrecyanate is over-invested or global
(a) The sharp downswing of economic growth, resulting in oversupply or less than expected growth in demand, and a sharp drop in the price of product lines such as mdi;
In the second half of 2020, when the construction of the project falls short of expectations, or if the growth in petrochemical performance does not predetermine the risk of price fluctuations in raw materials: at this stage, companies are mainly purchasing benzene, lpg, coal and salt as the main raw material in the industrial chain, with large price fluctuations in benzene and lpg, which are reflected in large fluctuations in prices.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market indicates that: