We believe that the market underestimated the potential cost advantages of Vanhua compared to competitors in the industry, so we're focusing on this. We're predicting a single ton of methylenedioxycyanate (MDC).
Ben has a cost advantage of about $2,000 over the competitors, mainly from gasification, low depreciation, three-fee ratio, and the campus. At the same time, we expect a steady transformation of domestic mdi fundamentals by 2020.
The hydrogen gas used in the mass-mdi synthesis process is home-grown and the raw material is coal. Other domestic producers make hydrogen mainly from natural gas. We measure the cost advantage of HW against competitors at $830 million, with a single ton saving of $420 per ton. In addition, MHW production parks are equipped with boilers and self-contained plants.
In addition, mdi needs chlor-alkali production, and other Shanghai producers need to produce chlor-alkali.
Purchase of chlor-alkali. The impact of this advantage depends on the price of chlor-alkali in the country.
Guo Yingfan won (less than the investment of other firms in 14-20 million tons). The investment advantage will be more pronounced in the future.
Van Ningbo is applying to high-technology firms to find that they would enjoy lower tax rates if they were found to be. Compared to overseas projects, the advantage of HD is also found in low material costs, low labour costs, and low capital inputs.
The subject page of the Swedish Securities Study is an overview of our views and the content of this paper, asking: Can supply constraints prevent mdi from further worsening the profit cycle from middle in 2019-21?
6/6/2019 asks: Can companies consolidate their mdi leader position and cost advantage? Yes, through: 1) strategic expansion of production capacity; 2) sustainable strong cost advantage; 3) ability to pass through the European borsodchem and
The planned US-Mdi project mitigates the adverse effects of the trade war on downstream demand. "First time covers: the world's mdi champions, market voice is undervalued."
The Swiss-Swiss equity perspective, the increase in the proportion of direct sales, and the continuous technological transformation, we believe that all can maintain and expand its cost advantages. Moreover, we believe that since the new production of mdi in the future comes mainly from all China, supply growth is relatively manageable; downstream demand is also expected to recover steadily, so the mdi landscape will change.
Van Hwamdi consumes about 180,000 tons of hydrogen annually, assuming that gasification provides 130,000 tons of hydrogen and 50,000 tons of hydrogen by-product. Huen Hwa has a cost advantage over competitors of 830 million yuan and saves 420 tons per ton per ton. In addition, there is less investment in the Van Hwamdi project, with Ningbo 2 tons, with an investment of about 8,000 yuan, which is a clear advantage over the investment of 20,000 yuan in Chongqing Basf tons and 14,000 in Shanghai Bayer tons.
This year, with a weak market in mdi, Huanhua still represents high profitability at the bottom of the industry. What is reflected in the stock price is still below the global comparable?
Long-term growth includes the following: one is affected by the trade war, this year China’s mdi market is weak, and the mdi market will improve steadily next year; and the second is the launch of the Great Ethylene project in the fourth quarter of 2020, which provides a growth engine for Manchuria.
More silver and silver securities research.
The HDRO advantage is reflected in higher ebitda profit margins and roa (see figures 1 and 2).
At the same time, the profitability of these years has increased, as shown by the increase in the Māori rate of polyurethane plates at the same price and the decline in production costs.
The cost of a single ton of non-materials fell from $2,485 per ton in 2015 to $2,264 per ton in 2018, a decrease of $221 per ton. Why does Huanhua have such an advantage?
In terms of the cost of production, wanhua chemistry has achieved a range of technological changes to address the supply of feedstocks such as benzidine, carbon oxide, hydrogen gas and formaldehyde for mdi production, digestion of by-product hydrochloric acid, reduced energy consumption, and product production cost controls have reached a global lead.
Here's a specific analysis of the profitability advantages of megamdi: (1) the advantage of gasification is that the hydrogen used in the mdi synthesis process is home-grown hydrogen, the raw material is coal, and it's mainly because of the power of megawatts.
Coal indicators are available, while other domestic producers use natural gas to make hydrogen. As environmental policies are not tightened, we expect that the coal quota will not be relaxed and that other domestic foreign counterparts will not be able to enjoy a more economical comparison of the cost of coal and natural gas for hydrogen, which, based on the price of coal in Shandong, is around one ton of coal.
10,440 yuan/tonne. And foreign mdi producers, usually located in Shanghai, make hydrogen gas from natural gas, which is 2.5 yuan/m3 (heat value 35,948 kJ/m3), and we estimate the cost of a single ton of hydrogen gas at about 13,000 yuan.
In addition to coal-based radon gas, Huanhua can also use its pdh and chlor-alkali by-product radon gas, which is estimated to be about 3,000 yuan per ton, based on 1 ton of pdh by-product 0.038 tons of hydrogen gas, and 1 ton of falcon by-products of 280 cubic metres of hydrogen gas (approximately 0.025 tons).
In summary, Van Hwamdi consumes about 180,000 tons of hydrogen annually, assuming that gasification provides 130,000 tons of hydrogen and 50,000 tons of by-product hydrogen. Hum Hwa has a cost advantage of about 830 million yuan over its competitors, saving 420 tons per ton.
(ii) The Van Hwamdi project unit invested less and had a significant depreciation advantage. The Van Hingbo and the Octopus projects used advanced global processes of autonomous research and development, so the Van Hwamdi project invested less than the competitors. For example, Van Hwa Ningbo II invested 2.4 billion yuan and produced 300,000 tons, and the tons invested.
We believe that the advantages of future investments will be even more obvious. The current one-ton depreciation amortization of the 10,000-watt polyurethane is amortized.
If the next 800,000 tons of production were released, we would expect a million tons of depreciation to fall to $500.
The cost advantage will be more pronounced. (3) Park support, resulting in the cost advantage of steam and power generation.
The standard ton steam consumption coal is 94.7 kg coal/tonne steam, the efficiency of the steam boiler is 70%, the actual coal consumption is 135 kg coal/tonne steam, and the production of 1 ton mdi steam is estimated to be approximately $150, based on the price of Shandong coal.
Other mdi producers, such as Shanghai Basv, Kostov, and Hensmann, need to buy steam from the park. On the basis of the Shanghai thermal power plant ' s steam price of about $250 per ton, 10,000 watts can save 100 dollars per ton of steam and produce 1 ton of mdi will consume about 2.2 tons of steam (3.5 mpa).
China produces 1 ton of mdi, saves 220 dollars. Power cost advantages: Manhua has its own power plants and heat plants to meet its own supply needs. Based on Shandong coal prices, we estimate the cost of our own power plants at around 0.25-0.3 degrees per unit, while Shanghai's big industry costs electricity.
0.648 yuan/degree, calculated at 900 degrees per ton of electricity used by 1 ton of mdi electricity costs of 1 ton of electricity at a cost of approximately $313 per ton (part of the profit is in the thermal plant chain).
Businesses need to buy chlor-alkali from parks, but the specific impact of this advantage depends on the price of chlor-alkali in the country (4) The company ' s three-fee ratio continues to fall, and the Man-Wall has some advantages in operating and managing the company, mainly in the lower three-fee ratio.
On the other hand, the rate of three fees per year has been declining since 2015, from 18 per cent to 8 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, and there is a certain advantage over other leading producers in the industry. (5) The price of 10,000 mdi is higher than that of other competitors.
Van Hwamdi’s share of direct sales is higher than that of companies such as Coscos, Hensmann, etc. According to Treasure Information, the chemical products are of good quality, stable, and better served (as TNCs sometimes fail to respond to customers’ needs due to complex internal procedures).
On December 2nd, 2019, HDW sold mdi at prices that were generally higher than market prices. According to our observations, in 2019, HDI market prices were about 400-700 yuan/tonne higher than the median market prices in the east of the country.
In 2018, for example, Van Ningbo net profits of $6.35 billion would be reduced if income tax rates fell from 25% to 15%.
In comparison with overseas production, the advantage of wanhua is also reflected in: (1) low material costs (steel, etc.) and low labour costs (China is 400 yuan/day, while the United States is (2) low capital investment in China, only one fifth of which is in the Middle East, and about a third of which is in the United States (because of China)
In summary, we believe that the profitability advantages of all-China chemistry are derived from the advantages of gasification, low unit investment, significant depreciation advantages, the cost advantages of parks, tax advantages, and price advantages.
With 800,000 tons of new energy released, an increase in direct sales, and continuous technological transformation, we believe that all can maintain and expand its profitability. This will also be the centerpiece of the world's mdi industry.
The price of mdi fell in 2019, mainly because of weak demand (refrigerated refrigerators, weak car demand, partial downstream production restrictions, etc.). Moreover, for the first time in many years this year, domestic mdi demand grew negatively, putting enormous pressure on mdi prices and market sentiment.
In 2020, we expect the mdi climate to rebound steadily, as: 1) next year ' s mdi new production capacity comes mainly from Manchuria, so supply growth will become more manageable; 2) next year ' s downstream demand growth is expected to rebound from low positions; 3) the negative impact on market sentiment will be eliminated.
What's reflected in the stock price?
We believe that the technology and profit advantages, as well as long-term growth, have not been fully demonstrated. At a later stage, we believe that there are two potential benefits, one being affected by the trade war, and the Chinese mdi market this year.
In a weak position, the mdi market may be improving steadily next year; second is the launch of the Great Ethylene project in the fourth quarter of 2020.
After major downstream demand has improved significantly, mdi demand has recovered more rapidly, the average price of polymers/pure mdi has risen, and the main downstream demand, such as refrigerator freezers, has improved since last April, but is less than $207 to $19,000 per ton. With low market demand, Manchuria controls mdi production while expanding capacity.
Pessimistic scenario (valued at $36.70 per share): In a pessimistic scenario, China’s economic growth decelerated significantly, China’s trade, trade, trade, trade, trade, freezer, and other major downstream needs, such as the refrigerator freezer, were depressed and the demand for mdi continued throughout the year for the last four quarters of last year’s won/14,000. Because of the decline in demand, the production of isocyanate was expected to be 1.95 million tons in 2019.
Leafling securities research. Huohua Chemistry is China's largest chemical manufacturing and marketing company, leading the production of mdi, with the world's highest production and market share in 2018.
At the bottom of 2.1 million tons, with an additional 1.2 million tons in capacity planning for three years, the market voice will be further enhanced. At the same time, the company is actively developing major petrochemical projects and new materials.
Over the last three years, the price of mdi has gone up and down. Looking ahead, the supply side entered a new expansion of production capacity in 2018-2022.
At the demand end, it is expected to be influenced by the macroeconomic situation, compared with the next three years, when the mdi market may return to the middle-profit cycle.
December 2, 2019, December 2, 2019, December 2, 2019, December 2, 2019.