The company proposes logic: innovation, integration, efficient gardening and synergy in making the company's day and day.
On December 15th, 2019, integration and gardening became the company's mdi casting hub cost advantage of $1600 per ton.
With mdi as its core, the upstream coal industry expands to lower the cost of raw materials, new downstream materials development and development increases the value added of products, the petrochemical industry chain controls intermediates, and cross-linkages. There is the ability to avoid cyclical risks by controlling price premiums, high-end extensions, upstream landings, and rapid expansion.
Liu Shaoqing has the advantage of upward integration: the upstream package reduces the cost of raw materials by 900 to 1400 ton, circumvents the raw materials, and the public support for the self-constructing of parks by mdi by 260 ton.
The value of increasing efficiency, operating more robustly to avoid risks, scaling public works down costs, taking advantage of land logistics, a simple interface, installation investments to reduce manufacturing costs, can also provide a prominent advantage in corporate R & D capabilities. Retrospectively > 2%-12% of real roe ~ 12% show that companies are progressively realizing their vision of a day-to-day best-for-life cycle.
On the basis of projected sales in 2019 and the average annual prices, an objective understanding of the relationship between revenue from raw materials, power-products, etc., and cost items, the benefits of retrospectively showing that the equal share of raw materials increases purchasing voice, smoothing cost fluctuations. Low oil and gas prices, the frequency of force majeure in chemicals, and insufficient excesses vary significantly.
mdi has for many years had a preponderant monopoly of 90%, with companies accounting for 24% of the world’s output. To 5.5%. Refrigerator freezer output has returned to normal at the beginning of the year, reaching 8% in October, and volume has increased to mdi.
The US-China trade agreement, if properly implemented, will enhance mdi competitiveness and reduce propane costs in both directions. The extraordinary innovation support company will strengthen the moat.
The four dimensions of chemical innovation have been optimized, process optimized, new processes developed, and product formulations invented several dimensions.
The net per capita gain is the top 2% of the industry. The cost of R & D has increased steadily, with 652 patents in the pipeline increasing steadily, with in-depth R & D innovations in terms of process development, front-line product development, and customer application service alignment.
*Posm contributes to the development of polyurethane integration, the creation of new materials for the identity of the person, and nylon 12 is intended to break the guidance publication: Deeply grasping the development of industrial structures, foreign monopolies, synthetic spices, green processes, pc, pmma, etc., are gradually moving towards import substitution.
Directions 2019-11-062, HDEM (600309.sh): High-quality project laupropane fission with reliable, adaptable, abundant downstream, cost comparative advantage, pvc solution
Long-term growth of companies, 2019-10-30 mdi load bottlenecks, eo/po addressing raw material bottlenecks, butadiene provides raw materials for nylon12.
1. Together with the three advantages of innovation integration and parkization, the international giants compete for 1.1 STI to shape sustained growth.
In December 1998, it was set up as the only company in China with an autonomous intellectual property right to mdi and adi, in addition to tdi, posm, pc, mma, pmma, pmma,
The technology has been developed in such areas as sap, which is dominated by foreign chemical giants. There are three main integrated production bases in the world: smoke stations, Ningbo, Hungary, and more than a dozen regions and countries in Europe, the Middle East, the United States, Japan, India, etc.
In February 2019, the company was listed as a whole, with smoke stations, Ningbo and the three main parks of Hungary with 100 per cent of their industrial capacity incorporated into the list, with a small number of shareholders, including Van Jomway (80 per cent shareholding), chlor-alkali smoke (60 per cent shareholding), and Ningbo thermal power (51 per cent shareholding).
The company’s main development path is to expand the upstream/downstream industrial chain and increase value added through a strategy of diversification around mdi’s core products, to strengthen innovation capabilities, and to build integration and park levelling.
With 160,000 tons of class mdi packages in 2002, the Ningpo project became the fourth country to own the technology (all of the other opponents are foreign giants) and achieved large-scale downgrading of the mdi device by 2010, and on this basis, new formulations of the new process are constantly being developed around the advantages of the company ' s research and development.
ipdi, tdi, tpu, aquatic resins, sap, mma, pmma, pc, etc., continued production. The company acquired more than 90 product technologies, sponsored more than 10 national standard-setting projects, received the National Ten-Year Achievement Award for High-Technology Production and two National Awards for the Achievement of Enterprise Technology Centres.
High-level, resource-efficient, environmentally friendly innovation paths that break out of foreign technological monopolies in the chemical industry are good examples in the industry. The chain of upstream and downstream industries is effectively extended.
Based on its deep understanding of the chemical industry chain, consideration of the optimal allocation of markets and resources, constant upward and downward stretching, expansion of the upstream coal industry to reduce the cost of mdi raw materials, extension of the rich polyurethane series to upstream c3, extension of the value added to downstream polyethers and new materials, and frequent cross-cutting, coordination between upstream and downstream
The value-added effect is clear. The control of raw materials and their affordability are achieved, and the value-added of end-products is increased. And the engineering experience accumulated during the extension process has led to a significant acceleration in the build-up of the company’s capacity (e.g. Ningbo Park, which has been expanded over a period of four years to achieve a million tons of mdi upgrades and the accompanying raw material devices are being built simultaneously).
In addition to its strong R & D capabilities and industry chain insight, companies’ inclusion in new crafts is one of the reasons for their rapid growth. For example, water-powder gas applications have achieved earlier cost reductions and greater material stability; and the largest 750,000 pdh globally is the result of the fact that
Its understanding and acceptance of new technologies will also enable it to continue to reap the benefits of technology. The company’s ability to expand mdi’s production rapidly, thanks to its deep-intensity research, efficient construction, and decisive acquisition.
New core technologies, industrial devices, and efficient operating models have reached 2.1 million tons, the world’s largest production capacity in 2002 – nearly a quarter of the world’s total – beyond Bassfe, Kostov, Hensmann, and Tods. In addition to mdi, companies are constantly investing in tdi, polyols, etc.
Polyurethane product lines: Integration of petrochemical and polyurethane product lines with pdh-headings and acrylates at the end: The continued development of new materials also enables companies to provide more comprehensive and competitive product programmes for customers.
Figure 1: Major corporate development history, 1999.4: National torch set, 2010.12 Nbo II 300,000 mdi project, 2014.18 Nbo 50,000 tons of water production
...2016.4ipdi Industrialization Device dropped 1978.8 Synthesis Plant Command 2005.5 “Old 80,000 mdi per year”
The Ministry has set up a mdi group, which focuses on high-technology enterprises, the development of technology, and the acquisition of petroleum and chemicals.
Launching (26 months of construction period), autonomous development and production of sap Relocation and integration of old tobacco plants 2014.11
• Supply of 1983.11 million tons of mdi devices; 2001.1 “Smoke House” handed over; 2011.3 “Smoke House Industrial Parks” opened
· 2018.1 Autonomous development of pc for production (introduction of Japanese equipment 1995 to production)
:: 2011.7 Acquisition of 15,000 tons of the second set of Hungarian borsodchem 2015.6 to produce mdi (27 months of construction period) • completion of 160,000 mdi in 2002.10
• 1998.12 Mma, a fumigation station • new generation of mdi technologies developed autonomously for new ependol production at scale, energy consumption, 2015.7
Process package 2006.11 "Multi-scale mdi production and quality to international leadership level"
• 2018.12 Autonomous research and development of 300,000 tons — full-scale production of the 2015.8po/ae project, technology development and industrialization”
· 2002.11mdi extension to 100,000 tdi, 80,000 tpmma production, and 2012.30 nbo 15,000 thdi production, distance
The Association's Principal Award for Scientific and Technological Progress. 32 months for the first autonomous industry in China. Mid-point 2019.12pc.
..2020eethylene project. . 2012sap, ipti.
Figure 2: Growing growth of corporate core product mdi with autonomous technology Figure 4: Steady growth in corporate fixed assets (millions of yuan) 1.2 Continuous optimization of three product lines of new polyurethane petrochemical materials
The company’s collection structure has been optimized as the industrial chain has improved. The share of the polyurethane series has been slightly reduced.
The proportion of the company’s petrochemical, new material business areas will rise. The ratio of petrochemical and new material series will rise gradually.
By 2019h1, PUR operations accounted for 52%, petrochemical operations for 24%, new materials for 10%, and other operations for 13%. Gradual optimization of the collection structure helps the company to smooth price fluctuations across the chain.
The Division adapts the supply of upstream raw materials, the development of new downstream materials to consumer demand, and avoids excessive reliance on mdi, which leads to more cyclical disadvantages. The structure of the company’s various sections of the Māori mix and Māori ratios are adjusted to the mood of the chain.
The rate of Māori in the petrochemical series is 10 to 14 per cent, and is relatively low due to low product value added on the one hand, and the low profitability of the lpg trade on the other, which also lowers the Māori rate in the series on the other: Māori in the new materials series has remained at about 26 to 36 per cent overall;
The price of the product will adjust the range of the chain's Māori rate, which, in general, will remain the single most profitable business of the company. The future will help the public as the product is well structured and integrated into the extended industrial chain.
Figure 6: Relatively high percentage of cash sold by companies as a result of series of company products. Cash sales in the first three quarters of 2019 were 27 per cent (a share of 343 stones).
Less than 60% of corporate assets and liabilities contribute to firm resilience in increasing capital spending. There is still some room for upswing in the third quarter of 2019, compared to 68% of the construction peak for the old plant relocation project and the Po/ae project, when the company ' s cash flow is more than three times the year and capital expenditure is more securely marginal.
Overall, the two benefit parameters can still be around the centre, and the profit smoothing effect has been achieved at the price of mdi, which is the least unintegrated in the history of 2015, has been relatively stable between the company’s period and the swing days. The rate for the third quarter of 2019 was 10%, compared to 2018.
The increase of 2 pc is mainly due to a certain increase in its sales costs and management rates, which are also associated with the company’s new material product lines, and a small upward movement in the sales fees and management rates of the growing ambassador. Inventory, accounts payable, accounts receivable turnover days are stable and do not fluctuate significantly from 2017 and reflect the company’s ability to operate and its in-house presence.
Figure 15: Evolution of corporate roa and roe, Figure 14: Decline in net corporate return profits, Figure 17: Relative stability of company inventory turnover days
The industrial chain is an exemplary extension of the company's industrial chain. The chemical industry's up-and-down extension is primarily aimed at achieving high product quality and raw materials.
Easier supply and efficient use of by-products. The company's outreach features are:
(a) Chains of controlled intermediates, integrated extension, raw materials end, bulk products end, new materials end, combined energy;
(b) The company's raw materials are readily available at affordable prices and consist mainly of bulk chemicals such as original salt, coal, benzene, toluene, propane, butane, the price of the original salt and coal can be controlled, the supply of benzene and benzene in the process of large-scale refining and large-scale production of propane butane
The phase price of shale oil and gas in the United States, for example, has also remained relatively low for a long time: the company ' s final product has a higher value added, with high-end chemicals such as hdi, ipti, hmdi, posm, pc, mma, pmma, sap having autonomous technology and sufficient borrowing power for polyurethane hard esters other than mdi, tdi, etc.
Bubbles and polyurethane coatings, formulation of resins, customization services to increase the value added of some of the regular varieties. The main areas of product end-use are real estate, domestic electricity, automobiles, etc.
2.2 The integration of parks is one of the main advantages of the company: chemicals are in the middle industry, the price elasticity of products is higher than supply and demand, and the climate is clearly influenced by the supply of upstream raw materials, production capacity in the middle and demand downstream.
2.2.1 The ability of the company to manage parts of the chemical cycle to avoid cyclical risk 1. In the ongoing cycle of oversupply-supply shortages, the company has been able to gradually grasp the following, thereby avoiding to some extent the risk of a chemical cycle: control of supply during the oversupply phase to meet certain requirements
How much control over product prices? The mdi product pattern advantage (cr. 590%, all of which are foreign giants) gives firms the ability to control price premiums.
Companies such as hdi, ipti, hmdi, posm, pc, mma, pmma, sap, etc. develop their own technologies downstream, with some degree of smooth cycle risk.
(a) The upstream extension of the company ' s industrial chain achieves the downswing effect, mdi has a cost of 1400~2000 yuan/ton4 compared to its domestic counterparts, and is able to expand rapidly when a supply shortage becomes apparent to enjoy a price dividend; and the company has the capacity to do so within a short period of time, thanks to its technological R & D, production operations, supplier control and project management experience;
2.2.2 Integration and park conversion into a company ' s mdi product casting hub cost advantage of $1600/ton
Māori product = product price - raw material price - associated manufacturing costs, while chemical enterprises usually have a rich range of products, and therefore a relatively high Māori rate can be obtained from a whole plant (UND) perspective, regardless of the product price, by:
The integrated product and raw material supply programmes reduce the cost of total raw materials; park regionalization achieves self-supply for public use, lowers the cost of storage of intermediate products, and lowers the cost of processing. The company has more than 35 major products.
Columns, intermediate raw materials, intermediate products are often supplied to each other, with a variety of products, process length, complex processes, routing, and, as a process industry, the rate of start-up of different products, factories, etc. For companies, integration and park regionalization are therefore a necessary option for their development, and a major advantage for companies in addition to their strong R&D capabilities.
Integration and gardening can create a cost advantage of $1400~2,000/tonne for company mdi products. The direct raw materials for mdi devices include amphetamine, co, cl2, formaldehyde, and filamentary. For companies, self-constructed coal-chemical plants produce synthetic ammonia, nitrate, methanol, formaldehyde, luminous chlorine gas produced with chlor-alkali, and the export of benzene and self-generated nitrate.
The advantages of upward integration can be seen in:
(a) Characterized by higher investment but lower cost of post-construction products (capex for low-opex), the direct raw material of the public mdi is largely self-sufficient and can effectively reduce the cost of raw materials;
All have to be outsourced, while suppliers of raw materials such as co, cl2 supply large quantities of gas to the entire campus, the stability of the supply of raw materials is relatively uncontrollable, and the risk of force majeure is relatively high.
The physical extension effectively smooths the price fluctuations associated with upstream raw materials, providing assurance of the stability of the cost of installing raw materials through capex inputs and labour, manufacturing costs. The supply of intermediate raw materials to each other is another important manifestation of integration and gardening.
The main sources of supply are: polyurethane (luminous gas/methamphetamine/methanol), petrochemical (butoconeol), polyurethane (mdi/tdi), new materials (pc):
(b) Acrylic esters/mma for new materials (modified polyurethane/water resins/sap/pmma): a modest reduction in the construction of propane fission ethylene using lpg trade experience and cave storage advantages;
The pvc consumption of polyurethane by-product hci. Avoids that mdi loads are unprocessable by hci. Po produces polyethers in combination with mdi to provide customized services.
Publicly supported self-construction also saves processing costs by reducing the cost of public works such as electricity, water, steam, wind and so on, and eventually reducing the cost of processing the main products.
Relative savings: Full-scale material can be fully utilized: there is a high degree of integration and public support facilities can be relied on: the enterprise is relatively integrated; the plant area is complex and the safety risks are relatively high; the area of sale is concentrated; the company ' s cigarette counters and the Ningpo Park area have a clear advantage in the supply of raw materials and in the campus.
* Value-added products increase efficiency gains. Corporate revenue increases through cross-supply of raw materials, increasing value-added of end-products; Business is more robust to avoid risks. The supply of intermediate raw materials avoids price fluctuations in the company’s operations: Public works are modelled down costs. Effective supply of intermediate raw materials can also enable the public support facility to reach a certain scale.
Land use and logistics savings are simple interfaces. On the one hand, park use saves land use costs, on the other hand, intermediate materials are delivered from the plant, quality is assured, and access interfaces are simplified and the plant is exposed to external influences.
A reduction in transport capacity would save freight costs, but it would also be beneficial for the company to manage it centrally. A reduction in manufacturing costs would be achieved by investing in process installations.
The development of park zoning can make more effective use of the strong advantages of corporate R & D capabilities. Figure 22: Comparison of the costs of companies with competitors mdi (average price in 2019) Figure 23: General layout of company tobacco stations, 8.
Figure 25: Companies as models of park integration
All-plant warehouse, cold hot water station, all-plant network.
3. Benefits retrospective scenario analysis shows that the vision of the cycle is being progressively realized
3.1 The benefit scenario analysis shows that the company's retroactivity in recent years is better than its actual retrace in recent years as an effective method of objectively and quantitatively evaluating the company's cyclical effects.
The complexity of the types and numbers increases, so the market uses a qualitative assessment of the company ' s cyclicality to sense the mood of the three main series by adjusting the Māori rate for each product series:
It is difficult to know the substance of the cost items of the different series, given the cross-cutting nature of the top-down, cross-supply of raw materials, and outsourcing. Even if a full-scale material balance can be built, the total out-of-sale output and the out-of-sale raw material are made available and linked to it, while the total Māori calculation of the plant is made possible by market price data.
So we take into account the current state of the company's industrial chain, we go through the total total process of building the plant, we get price data at market prices, so we have a more objective understanding of the relationship between raw materials, power, products, etc., and the cost, and on this basis, we go back to the benefits to evaluate the company's cyclical effects objectively and quantitatively.
Based on the 2019 projected sales data and the average annual prices, an analysis of the composition of the collection costs used as a baseline scenario: • raw materials represent no higher than 73 per cent of the operating costs, followed by energy 11 per cent and depreciation 9 per cent. Typical ethylene projects account for more than 80 per cent of the original materials, and typical oil refining projects account for about 90 per cent of the raw materials.
The ratio of energy to depreciation has risen, and the relatively low ratio of raw materials has made the company relatively less exposed to price fluctuations in raw materials, and has helped to avoid the impact of large-scale fluctuations in raw materials, such as crude oil, on the company’s performance. The cost of the company’s main raw materials has been evenly distributed, helping to raise purchasing voice and smooth cost volatility.
35% of propane +butane (less than 17% of lpg is actually used for production use, considering that it is traded in excess of five of its imports), followed by 12% of benzene (mainly for the production of amphetamines, mdi) and the very spread of the cost of the remaining raw materials, which helps to enhance the company ' s voice in the procurement process and does not result in a large price for a product
The most important single product is 34% of the revenue from the mdi camp. The PUR series, which accounts for nearly 50%, is still seen to be significantly higher than other products, except for mdi 34%, followed by tdi 8%, propane 7%, polyether polyol 6%.
Revenues are more diversified, and this also has the potential to avoid, to some extent, a sharp fall in single-product prices that significantly influences profit stability. On the basis of projected sales data for 2019, and taking into account changes in market prices, a retroactive calculation of the company’s revenues, profits and costs from 2013 to 2019 shows that:
The share of the polyurethane series is almost 50%, followed by the petrochemical series. The price of mdi rose sharply in 2017 and 2018 (93% in 2017 due to the frequency of force majeure by domestic and foreign producers compared to the previous year), making both the return year and the Māori period higher.
The Māori hub is 20.3 billion yuan, the Māori hub is 30.3 per cent, and the Māori hub is 11.1 billion yuan. The reason for this is the relatively high price of propane, benzene and the upward trend in the Māori hub during the 2016 - 2019 US shale oil and gas boom and the overall low price of oil.
In comparison with the company’s actual share in recent years, the fallback rose from 2 – 12 % in recent years to 2 – 12 % in recent years, showing that companies actually optimized and scaled through their product programs.
Il, backtrace data for 2013 were 1% lower than actual data, mainly due to relatively high propane prices in the year. The high price of the dollar, the sharp drop in crude oil in the era of shale oil and gas and the lifting of the ban in Iran, the sharp decline in light hydrocarbons, the sharp rise in mdi due to force majeure at the end of production, and the large supply and demand end of events such as the under-supply of acrylic esters.
The data objectively show that the company’s current product program has been somewhat diluted, rather than having achieved a certain degree of weakening of the cycle.
As new material and petrochemical ends of the company evolve, the company will achieve further cyclical effects. Figure 29: Control and forward-looking patterns of 3.2 raw material products per company product series are the main reasons
Polyurethane (PUR) is the only compound currently available in six main areas: plastics, rubber, fibres, coatings, glues, high function molecules.
It has a unique advantage in the areas of insulation, grinding, durability, low-temperature and elasticity, combined with the advantages of plastics and rubber, which produce polyurethane plastics (mainly foams), polyurethane fibres (known as ammonia in China), polyurethane rubber and elastomers. It is widely applied to chemical, light, textile, construction, household power, transport, space.
The main raw materials for synthetic polyurethanes include isocyanate and polyols: dimethylene diocyanate (-nco), mainly diphenylmethane diocyanate (mdi), methylenedioxycyanate (tdi), ethylene diocyanate (adi); polymeric polyols are mainly polyether polyols, polyesters; and small molecules are diverse.
The ethanol extension agents are mainly 1,4-butadiol (bdo), 1,6-hexadiol (hdo). Polyether polyols are three main types: one starting with polyols or organamine and the o-po polymer (ppg): the other with pg-based ethylene-based polymers and polyether polyols: the third polydule
Methylether ethylene ethanol (ptmeg), which is used mainly in polyurethane elastomers (tpu) and fibres, ester polyols are mainly condensed by organic dichloride and polyols, such as athiodiacetic acid, benzodiac acid, ethanol, propylene, bdo, etc.
mdi (diphenylmethane diocyanate, diphenylmethanedilsocyanate) is the most important and non-renewable material for the manufacture of polyurethane high molecular material, mainly polymer mdi and pure mdi, and polyether (ester) polyols for the production of foams, coatings, glues, sealing glues, synthetic tans, elastics, etc. polyurethane materials, master
The end-use areas are real estate, domestic electricity, spinning clothing, industry, etc.: Pure mdi is 4,4-diphenylmethane diocyanate with a purity greater than 99%, with regular temperatures ranging from white to micro-yellow crystals, storage temperatures below 5°C, predominantly packed with nitrous drums, with a shelf life of three months.
Good mobility and resilience have led to a wide range of applications in elastomers, synthetic tans, glues, paints, sealants, etc. The downstream applications are concentrated in synthetic tans by 30%, shoe soles by 19%, ammonia by 16%, tpu18% and synthetic and other modified mdi, and end-use is dominated by textile and clothing.
Polymermdi is a polybenzene polymethyl isocyanate, a low-mdi pure mdi, brown liquid, constant-temperature, mainly packed with nitrous drums, with a shelf life of up to two years. Downstream is used mainly to produce semi-hard and rigid foam, and our final consumption is 27% of the building heating pipeline, 43% of the white household electricity, and cars.
13%, transport 5%, production techniques and qualification barriers are extremely high. The dominant process is liquid phase luminous gasification, which uses benzidine, formaldehyde, co, ci2, etc., as a feedstock for the production of pure mdi and polymers under hydrochloric catalytic processes such as hydrochloric acid, photochemicals, separations, distillation, etc.
mdi, usually at around 3:7. The process is mature, but the light gas used is volatile, highly toxic, and there is a great risk of accidents. And the by-product hci is highly corrosive, highly investment-intensive, technically complex, trimmed.
Several giants have the core technology of the product, and access to it in the open market is extremely difficult. mdi has for many years had a preponderant monopoly: the company has stabilized its top mdi supplier with nearly a quarter of its global production capacity.
For the deeper moats in the industry, the current domestic mdi capacity is 3.4 million tons/year, the global capacity is nearly 9 million tons/year, and companies have successfully developed, optimized the mdi process and rapidly expanded single-line capacity from the 1990s to date, with the public producing 54 per cent of the domestic capacity to date, with the global capacity accounting for 24 per cent and a more definite future expansion of the capacity.
The company's rivals in the mdi field are the international giants Basf, Coth, Hensmeyer, Tods and Dong Cao, whose location places them at a disadvantage over the company's labour costs and processing costs, and the absence of new entrants within the country, causing a significant change in the cost and supply of mdi.
Less likely, the company itself has a cost advantage of $1400 to $2,000 over its competitors, while our export rebate rate of 13% against mdi is a further cost reduction for the company. The oligopoly pattern will continue; producers will have the ability to control the volume of shipments. Since global mdi producers are only eight, they have the right to speak in the chain of industry.
Large, and intra-business players can control the volume of goods delivered by selling stock, thereby maintaining some degree of relative stability in the market prices and avoiding the industry-wide losses that pta experienced during the break-up of capacity. In fact, even the current price of mdi has fallen to a very low level ($13050 per ton for the China-East polymer market, 10% in history).
The producers are in the process of maintaining a relatively stable price through overhaul control (currently in a state of repair at Qingbasf and Van Walingbo), with a 7.5% increase in the summdi per month. Downstream is mainly in the fields of real estate, household electricity, etc. Real estate is on the edge, and according to the latest data, houses are on the edge.
In October 2019, the rate of increase rose to -5.5%. In another major area of consumption, the production of freezers in mdi was gradually warming, rising from the bottom of -22% in March 2018 and returning to normal at the beginning of the year. In October, the latest data show an increase of 8%, taking into account the increasing volume of freezers in the fridge, which consumes mdi.
Exports will be a new dynamic that will boost mdi production. Net exports are expected to reach 400,000 tons this year, with an increase of up to 10,000 tons, and our production capacity in mdi will increase as the company moves into a smoke park, starting in 2015.
Net exporters are also on the rise. The main reason for this is that domestic export tax refund policies have reduced producer costs to some extent, while the increase in domestic mdi production capacity has increased the country's international market in mdi, figure 41: Polyurethane chain
Figure 46: Mdi ' s output growth in recent years in line with the decline in the table
Figure 50: A narrow reduction in the area of completed buildings Figure 51: The rate of new construction of houses is maintained at around 10%.
For companies, propane is an important raw material in the petrochemical business at a cost of one quarter, and its supply stability and ease will determine the profitability of the petrochemical series. 154 million tons of propane production in 2018, with a basic balance between supply and demand, 2010-2018
In the future, production of propane will show a slow growth trend, mainly due to a steady increase in crude oil production in the major oil-producing regions, accompanied by a corresponding increase in the supply of raw propane, and an increase in global refining capacity of around 1% and in oil fission of propane production.
Eighty-eight percent of our pure propane is imported. In 2018, 1.85 million tons of pure propane were produced (excluding lpg), there was a downward trend in propane imports prior to the year, and since 2013 with the high rate of growth in the propane dehydrogen industry, the demand for propane has been released rapidly since 2014 and has stabilized since 2017.
In the first half of 2019, only 2,443 tons were imported (0.03 per cent imports, 11 per cent in 2018), while the importing countries also showed a trend of diversification, with tariff costs in the face of uncertainties such as trade frictions between China and the United States.
The price of our imports of propane is not significantly affected by the tariffs imposed on the United States propane. In recent years, the price of propane cfr has been between 6 and 10 tons of crude oil. The price of our imports to the United States has been between 6 and 10 tons since July 2018.
The price of the propane plus tariff increased briefly from 7.7 to 8.7 and the price of the propane has recently moved upwards to around 8 due to the Saudi crude oil disruption. Most of the time did not exceed the value of the tax plus point. The post-tax ratio was 7.6, which is lower than the average of 8.3 for the last five years.
4. Innovative Capacity Help Inc. strengthens the corporate strategic development of Innovative Technological Genetics and Long-term Stability Guarantee Corporation at 4.1 management level. Corporate vision: to create a socially respected, employee proud, international-class Chemical New Materials Company with excellence.
The corporate culture calls for, attracts and develops talent, stimulates the potential of the workforce with clear and ambitious goals, directs the workforce with a focused and sustainable development strategy, and creates a culture of equity and fairness in efficient management and equitable communication The management is mostly a technical expert and has long-term stability.
The company’s top executives, who produce 70% of the technology, create innovative genes for the company. The company’s top executives are specialists in technology, technology, technology, etc., and it was the management that broke the country’s monopoly on mdi technology as a backbone of technology in the 1990’s.
Several new technologies, such as pmma and sap, which are still under foreign control, break patent barriers, thereby increasing the value added to the product; lower the cost of raw materials through the development of markets, processes and the timely acceptance of more sophisticated and accessible technologies such as propane dehydration, water slurry gasification, etc.: and the continuous improvement of the industry chain with mdi as its core.
Corporate executives shape sustainable development strategies over a longer period of company work. Top managers account for nearly 30% for 30 to 35 years of company work and 70% for more than 16 years of work.
Industry patterns, production technologies, market conditions and strategies developed by the board of directors are well understood, management long-term stability contributes to long-term implementation and implementation of corporate development strategies, and management models and enforcement are credible.
The chemical industry has been working on four dimensions of innovation, thus contributing to the development and efficiency of the industry: innovation in new products. The development of new products, the enrichment of original product types, is the highest innovation, such as Dubon, which invented nylon in the 1940s, ziegler and natta invent polyethylene and polypropene, respectively.
Industrial production. At this level, the company has already achieved a market-based customization and originalization of product formulations to enhance value addition.
The benefits of the product are now shared, and efficiency gains are reduced by process improvements that reduce the consumption of raw materials and increase the rate and quality of the product. At this level, the focus is mainly on the development of patenters and some of the chemical giants.
High-end chemicals, such as polyethers, tpu, have an autonomous technology to generate excess benefits from the market for the breakdown of products, which is also a key factor in the company’s relatively high-level counterparts.
The main players at this level include engineering companies, owners, and some patenters. For example, companies achieve intergenerational optimization in the mdi field.
Production, equipment, testing, environmental protection, inspection, etc. database integration, dispatch, control, environmental protection, command platform coordination, and the realization of smart factories to exploit efficiency gains in operating production.
4.3 Create a virtuous cycle of “R & D inputs - technological innovation - production effectiveness - quota incentives - scaling up R & D.” Corporate know-how has a lot of flowering, autonomous technology in polyurethane, petrochemicals, new material series, and a full-time company can save more than $110 million in patent fees for its own single set of technology.
The nature of the product and the pattern of competition and the technical status of the chemical products in the typical chemical sector patenters, such as uop, lumpmus, sw, univation, basell, sd, and shell. Most of the competitors in the process developed by the company are international giants, highlighting the company’s technological strength, pre-conceptions, and catch-up.
Firms not only have a clear technical advantage in the field of isocyanate, but also develop new materials and petrochemical technology downstream. Competing players are the international chemicals giants of Bassov, Kosts, Shell, Tauri, Xin, etc., and most technology markets are difficult to obtain, mainly because of the high value added and the economy of such products.
Companies will save nearly $300 million by considering the multiplier effect of patent fees for their own technology. Usually, owners negotiate technology transfer contracts with patent dealers, such as building multiple devices and paying patent fees according to the number of licences.
Given the number of devices that companies have in their technology, and the need for them to do so without restrictions, patent fees, royalties, high fees for proprietary equipment, catalysts, savings in capital investment, and speed of construction. For the introduction of foreign technology, patenters usually do so through the designation of specialties.
There are equipment, catalysts for overprofits (which usually cost tens of millions of dollars). The technology usually does not have to cover the high cost of patented equipment (e.g. methanol-synthetic tower patenters for large methanol devices have designated foreign manufacturing plants, only equipment costs close to hundreds of millions of dollars, until the Tung Pao broke the foreign monopoly on manufacturing in the Bo Fong project this year).
Cost savings, on the one hand, and the domestic and competitive location of the manufacturing plant, on the other hand, can accelerate the construction of the project, facilitate investment savings and shorter construction periods that will bring greater benefits to the company from the end of its operation. This will provide a more competitive incentive for R & D producers, while allowing for the development of new products, new processes, new equipment and research and development “R & D”
Inputs - technological innovation - saving investment/production gains - quota incentives - scaling up R&D are a virtuous cycle. In the case of the company’s owner, mdi, the market price is 300-800 ton/t premium on Bassov/Bahr, which in some ways reflects the company’s advantages in quality control and operation of its products and brings greater benefits to the company.
The company’s net profits per capita and its ranking on the head of the company listed by the petrochemicals are 2%. This also highlights the positive effects of the company’s R & D input and efficiency output. We have maintained a net profit/return per capita for 341 listed companies in recent years.
In 2018, Basov had a net per capita profit of 300,000 yuan, or 26 per cent of the company. On the one hand, Basov’s overall size and number of employees (1.22 million in 2018, net profit of Euro4.7 billion), and on the other hand, the company was unique in its focus on the industrial chain.
Figure 64: Corporate net profit per capita and ranking in recent years
The prices of major chemical products have fallen considerably, and corporate R & D spending has not declined, maintaining a steady growth rate of 4 per cent over the same period of the previous year, highlighting the importance that companies attach to R & D. A total of 652 cases, taking into account the audit cycle, are expected to continue to grow steadily in the future in terms of corporate rights to invent patents.
There are three main areas of innovation in corporate R & D: process development and optimization.
• The development of front-line products. Companies tend to look for higher barriers and fewer competitors (only one or two of them are available).
The research and development of new products represents a combination of services at the client level. Companies try to develop models of synergistic development with their clients, not just supply.
Sales relationships, where both parties grow together with their clients through collaborative research and development and product quality upgrades (e.g. mdi in synergy with polyether). The growing high-end product lines will increase the company’s performance security.
esters, petrochemicals, new materials, etc., continue to break down in three major areas: tons of popo/sm technology, which helps companies to further develop the field of downstream polyether polyols.
The technology is also reflected in national policy, with 200,000 tonnes/year and above still listed as the category of incentives for industrial restructuring guidance in version 2019.
The rate of heptaphosphate differentiation will continue to increase. The fat isocyanate (adi) includes hdi, hmdi, ipti, xdi, htdi, etc., of which the hdi is 60% and the first three are nearly 90%. The didi is more mechanical, chemically stable and more traditional mdi/tdi.
The market for products, with the exception of companies, is dominated by big foreign players such as winners, Coss, Bass. The company Hdi, Hmdi, and ipti projects began production in 2012-2017 and produced nearly 100,000 tons of capacity, and will continue to change in the future.
New polyamides, such as long-carbon-chain nylons, are dominated by international giants. The company developed nylon 12 technology, the main raw material of which was butadiene, which was the product of the ethylene construction project, avoiding the bulk.
The nylon 12, which was chosen to rely entirely on foreign imports, is a strong example of the company’s ability to develop and technologically transform and effectively increase the value added of butadiene. The 40,000-ton nylon 12 project is currently being designed in advance to intervene in the area of synthetic spices to create green processes.
A wide range of applications in food, pharmaceuticals, solarization, textiles, ink, etc. The company, thanks to its traditional technological advantages, has developed the oxidation process autonomously with fewer emissions and more advanced consumption targets than the traditional process, and has been involved in fine-tuning the industry will further increase the value added of the company's products and break the international giants of Bassfe, Tesman, Chihuaton, etc.
Companies have a qualitative advantage over non-luminous pc products, and will gain market share in future domestic pc booms by virtue of quality and cost advantages, pmma.
The country is still 25% dependent on imports, mtbe, mma consumes mtbe, acrylic esters and mma are flexible, pc and pmma are gradually being replaced by imports. The company’s 130,000 tpc phase II has been delivered in the near future and is expected to be operational next year. The pace of import substitution will continue, taking into account the construction of the installations.
Figure 67: Four dimensions of chemical innovation 5. The average annual net profit in the context of the construction of the million-ton ethylene project is 2.5 billion yuan, and we make three neutral, pessimistic and optimistic scenarios based on the characteristics of the project, combined with the results:
Ethylene prices have fallen, production loads have increased, some products have been converted and raw materials have been hidden. Pessimistic scenario: a net annual profit of $1 billion. Based on the current price scenario, the combined prices of polyolefins/styrene are at the present tons of ethylene oxide, 450,000 tons of ethylene, 450,000 tons of ethylene or styrene (po/sm), 50,000 tons of deptane.
Diphenylene, 350,000 tonnes of hdpe, 300,000 tonnes of pp and accompanying public support facilities. Production is expected in the fourth quarter of 2020.
Hydrocarbon production costs; relatively high rates of ethylene and acetylene production, low restructuring points, high value added product balance, downstream product lines are well set and backward integration is easier to achieve; pvc consumes unmanageable hydrochloric acid by-product mdi/tdi and addresses bottlenecks in the production of isocyanate:
(b) Dibutadiene can provide raw materials for the company's latest development of the nylon 12 product line and contribute to product value added;
In addition to producing pp, thapropylene can also be used flexibly to produce products such as mma, sap, aaa/ae, butocnool, and the chain of products rich downstream in acrylic can help it to fully exploit its innovative advantages. The pace of integration is further deepening. Figure 69: The difference in the adaptability of raw material in the steam fission process is mainly due to its disassembly and thermal separation unit settings
The benefits measure is an objective method of evaluating the project ' s strengths and weaknesses. Under the project ' s baseline product programme, we measure the project using market prices as a basis for measuring the project ' s overall benefits in an objective quantitative manner.
5.2.1 Raw materials account for a relatively low proportion of costs The cost of outsourcing raw materials and supporting materials accounts for 75% of the total cost. The cost of raw materials is low for the more traditional refined oils (90%) and petrochemicals (80-85%) projects, based on the average price of 2019, while other costs account for the cost of outsourcing fuel and power.
Cost is 38%, depreciation is 26%, and other costs are smaller. The share of major products is relatively stable. For example, the average prices in 2019, alldpe, pp., sm, product collections are relatively stable and smooth. Polyolefins (lldpe, hdpe, pp) account for the largest share.
The average annual net profit on the project in 2019 was $3.15 billion and the net profit on HFOs was $1736. In this scenario, the PFO/Styrene sensitivity analysis shows a reduction of RMB 188 million per 2% reduction (~150/t) in the combined average price. Given the potential impact of future PFOs and Styrene production, it is likely to be significant for lldpe,
An analysis of the prices of hdpe, pp, sm shows that a 2% reduction in the combined price of polyolefins/styrene would result in a net profit reduction of $104 per ton, a reduction of 0.7 to 1% in net interest rates, a 3% reduction in roe and roa, respectively, a net profit increase of $9.473 million for each 2% increase in production load.
Devices such as polyolefins, pvc, eo, butadiene are more sophisticated, and if the operating load reaches 110%, the net profit of the project will be $3.62 billion, while after tax Irr will be raised to 21% and the load increase will result in efficiency gains for the project. If the overall start-up rate of the plant is reduced to 65% due to operational problems, Irr will be reduced to 11.86% after tax.
The 35% increase in the price of extra-purchase raw materials reduced the net profit of the project to 57.7 million yuan. After the project tax, 2.9% of the cost of external purchase of raw materials for the project was sustained at 35%. Each 2% increase in the cost of extra-purchase raw materials would result in a net benefit of the project. The 59% increase in the price of propane would reduce the net profit of the project to $18 million.
The increase in the price of the acne is around 1985/tonne, the increase in the cost of the project for propane is 2.6% after the project tax, and the increase in the cost of the project for propane is 59%. Each 2% increase in the price of propane will reduce the net profit of the project by 106 million yuan.
5.2.3 The benefits retrospectively show that the project net profit hub is $2.9 billion from 2013 to today, based on current and calendar product market prices, and that the project benefits are retroactive from 2013 to 2019, and we believe that the net interest rate at the bottom of the project is 4.8 per cent and the Māori rate is 11 per cent, at which point the combined PFO/Styrene price is present.
The price of chemical products rose as a result of the improved macroeconomic situation, and the average price of 2015 and 2019 was more similar because the prices of both raw materials and products were in a downward cycle and the prices of products fell relatively fast than the price of raw materials, with lower profits in the 2013/2014 and current price scenarios, where the price of propane followed the price of crude oil due to the higher price of crude oil.
The compounding macroeconomic rebound has resulted in relatively high net interest rates, and now net interest rates are declining, mainly as a result of falling prices for lower oil prices for chemical products and the larger expansion of some chemicals.
1. Prices: between 2020 and 2021 the prices of raw materials were the same as in 2019: 80,000 tons of polyether amplification stations were put into production at the beginning of the year, with an increase of 10 pct in mdi/tdi start-up; and 130,000 tons expansion phase II was put into production at the beginning of the year, with an increase of 2 pct in the overall start of the new material series;
XEXylene project was launched in four quarters, contributing to two months of profits; Xiningpo 300,000 tons of mdi became operational and bc 50,000 tons of mdi became operational at the beginning of the year; sap30 million tons of expansion became operational at the beginning of the year, raising the overall start of the new material series by 5 pct to 65 per cent.
6.1.2 Pessimistic scenario 1. Prices: current prices for raw material products from 2020 to 2021:
(a) The production of 80,000 tons of polyethers at the beginning of the expansion stage and the construction of mdi/tdi at the start of the current period;
Sap30000 tonnes of Energetic Energy came into production early in the year, with a 2-60-per-cent increase in the rate of start of the new material series. Xethylene project started 11 months.
(a) The production of 80,000 tons of polyethers at the beginning of the expansion, with an increase of 10 pct for mdi/tdi;
Xinbo’s 300,000 tons of mdi were in production and bc50,000 tons of mdi was in production at the beginning of the year; sap30 million tons of expanded capacity was in production at the beginning of the year, raising the rate of start-up of the new material series by 5 pct to 65%; and the Xethylene project began 11 months.
The relative valuation method: because of the complexity of the company’s product chain, we choose a relatively comparable portion of the company. According to the comparable company 2020 pe, the company’s peps is $3.89, and considering that the advantages of corporate innovation, integration and gardening are more evident, we believe that the company should enjoy a 30% valuation premium, relative to the valuation.
Absolute valuation method: Set parameters: beta = 1.1, risk-free interest rate lf = 3 per cent, requisite rate of return rm = 12 per cent, share of crude oil price volatility, increased geopolitics in the Middle East, changes in international trade policy, exchange rate fluctuations, mdi demand less than expected, project progress less than expected
Liu Shaoqing, Master of Chemical Engineering, University of Xian Transport, University of Tianjin, formerly employed in the China Ball Engineering Company Ltd., six years of chemical consulting and design experience, 2019 years of which have not been, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.