With scarce cash cow assets, steady growth and high dividends, the company is the world’s largest publicly traded company for hydropower, which is gradually making up the world’s largest cleaner energy corridor. Companies are also involved in financing, pumping energy, smart energy mix, new energy, and distributing electricity.
With unique resources, five of the world ' s top 12 hydropower stations, six s0980521060002 are currently operating and managed in the country over a number of injections of hydropower assets, resulting in a step-by-step increase in the size of the revenue earned, using the return on investment to smooth its performance.
Over the years, the company has gradually acquired hydropower assets under the Tri-Font Group, and the growth in the size of the installed machinery is a central driver of improved performance. In 2023, two power stations were injected and the company was upgraded to a “six-bureau mix” with an estimated additional power generation of 6-7 billion kWh per year.
Companies are typically large hydropower cash cows, rich cash flows support high dividends and dividends. Companies enjoy the full cash flows and high profits generated by mature hydroelectric plants, operating net cash flows that have been maintained for almost 10 years at net home earnings, higher electricity prices, lower financial costs and depreciation, and the development of wind and light storage integration as the core growth point in their performance.
In the short term, high transmission prices outside the U-White power station have been determined, and companies expect a higher share of market-based and high-priced electricity, leading to higher combined electricity prices. In the medium term, as the hydroelectric plant continues to operate, the fleet is depreciated over time, and the financial costs are gradually decreasing, and the company’s cash flow and net profits are expected to rise.
The company is actively planning for the development of a “water and light storage integration” project, or it will become a new performance growth point. The defensive attributes of the company in the context of global interest-reduction expectations have become more prominent and the value of its configuration has increased.
On the other hand, low interest rates can also raise the company’s intrinsic value by lowering the wacc. Against a background of a weak global macro-environment with interest-reduction expectations, we believe that the company’s performance, high-scoring red commitments, and high-yielding Yangtze Power (6009000.sh) – water-absorbent power generation increases, with three-quarters of industry
The expected advantages are expected to continue to be more attractive to investors.The Yangtze Power (6009000.sh) - Water Drilling 23H1 Performance, Scale of Installation Profit Forecasts and Valuations: Considering the negative impact of Water Deficiencies on Performance in 2023, we turn down
The Yangtze Power (6009000.sh)-2301 water improvement has led to an upturn in performance, and there has been no change in other historical data since 2023, when the harvest and profit increase were adjusted.
Hydropower sector: scarce assets in new power systems Race endowments: The advantages of clean, safe and stable hydropower collection lie in the fact that electricity is the primary source of electricity in the country, and clean energy has been growing rapidly and rising steadily in recent years.
Ex-fired electricity remained the main source of electricity supply in the country, with 70 per cent of electricity generated in 2023. In 2023, our clean energy generation from hydropower, nuclear power, wind power, solar power, etc., amounted to 267.716 billion kWh in 2023, an increase of 3.1 per cent compared to 30 per cent. By the end of 2023, our clean energy load had reached a level of 30 per cent.
The additional grid-connected solar power generation capacity of 220 million kW, representing 58.5 per cent of the total additional installed capacity.
Figure 3: Clean energy generation in the country (2018-2023) (100 million kilowatt-hours) is the best type of power in terms of the combined cost of society as a whole, with a combination of clean, renewable, inexpensive, safe, stable and efficient benefits.
Hydropower is a clean and environmentally sustainable renewable energy source. Hydropower is a clean and environmentally renewable resource that produces electricity from water-flow power, which is not needed for fuel. 2) Hydroelectric power generation costs are low. Since hydropower is the best in terms of energy acquisition costs, hydropower is the best.
The cost of grid power is much lower than that of other power sources. For example, the average annual electricity cost for hydropower in Yangtze in 2022 was 0.09 yuan per kilowatt hour, about 1/2 of nuclear power and about 3/3 of electricity from fire.
High-flexibility features. Hydropower uses better hours than wind and photovoltaic, second to nuclear and fire power, and second only to thermal power at peaks. Hydropower plants have high construction thresholds, high engineering inputs, long investment return periods, but are profitable and present after operation.
The hydroelectric plants need to be built on rivers or lakes with relatively abundant water resources, generally in deep mountain canyons, heavily influenced by natural resources, terrain, geology, hydrometeorological conditions, high technical, financial, qualification and other barriers, long construction cycles and large investments, such as the construction of the Three Gorges.
In 17 years, total investment amounted to $203.5 billion. The initial construction of the hydroelectric plant yielded little return, but once put into production, it had the advantages of high profitability, profitability, sustained stability, and a strong cash flow.
The commercial model of hydropower is the best among the various power sources, and the profitability of hydropower enterprises is less affected by macroeconomics. The prices and costs of the water companies are generally stable, and together they build the basis for the cycle and have a strong resilience to the risks.
Second, there is no fuel cost for utilities, and operating costs are relatively stable and manageable. Third, cash flows and profitability, and high cash flow after the operation of hydroelectric projects, with power station lifetimes of about 100 years or more, can lead to stable and substantial profits.
Electricity generated by hydroelectric plants = electricity generated x Internet prices. Electricity generated (in thousands of kWh) = installed capacity (in thousands of kWh) x a few hours (hours). The amount of electricity generated depends mainly on the amount of water generated and the hours used. The hours used depend mainly on the amount of water consumed and the consumption of electricity.
The period of operation of the hydroelectric plant can be divided into three phases. Phase I: a debt service plus depreciation period, during which the company pays heavily, the financial costs gradually fall and operating cash flows and net profits rises. Phase II: an interest payment plus depreciation period, during which the company maintains a stable low interest expenditure, operating cash flows and net profits remain stable at a higher level
Phase three: end of depreciation period, during which the company matures, operating cash flows are slightly behind steady (the depreciated tax shield disappears) and net profits are stable at higher levels. The core factors that affect the profitability of the hydropower sector include capacity, hours of use, electricity prices and cost.
1) Installation capacity: The scale of operation of hydroelectric plants depends mainly on the capacity of installed plants, which also affects the water of hundreds of millions of kilowatts (kW). In late 2022, our conventional hydropower (excluding pumping capacity) installed capacity of 368 million kW, the world’s largest in 17 consecutive years, accounting for about 53.57 per cent of the country’s hydropower technology.
We are experiencing a gradual slowdown in the rate of growth of our hydropower installed, and we are now halfway through the process of hydropower development, with an excellent stock of high-quality hydropower assets becoming scarce. (2) Electricity consumption: hydropower is a clean, renewable and inexpensive resource, and national policies encourage access to the Internet.
High priority is given to electricity, which is second only to new energy sources, in the grid dispatch order. We have an uneven distribution of water resources, which is abundant in the south-western region, but with limited capacity to absorb electricity. With the gradual improvement of the grid and the increase in the number of power stations with the ability to combine the gradient, the loss of water has been reduced.
Less. The short-term impact of hydropower hours is more pronounced, but in the long term the overall level is stable. In 2021, the main source of water was water. 3) Prices of electricity: electricity prices have been generally stable in recent years, and the ratio of marketized transactions to higher prices has been the main factor in the increase in electricity prices.
Since 2015, electricity reforms have been deepening, with electricity and water competition gaining access to the Internet. In 2016-2017, the south-west region experienced a shortage of hydropower and water disposal, while the electricity market was in the early stages of development, and the high level of competition for electricity outlet in the Guangdong region led to greater power concessions in the Guangdong market.
After 2017, as demand for electricity rose, water was discarded and the price of electricity in the market was reduced. Under the two-carbon target, in October 2021, the Commission issued a report on further deepening of the Internet price of coal-fired electricity generation.
Combined, electricity taps have increased slightly since 2018. Looking ahead, considering that hydropower has a clear cost advantage over other power sources, there is still room for increase in utility prices as the share of marketization rises.
Figure 12: Evolution of our average feed-in electricity prices, 2007-2018, Figure 13: Hydropower feed-in tariffs for hydroelectric taps, 2018-2022 ($/kWh), Figure 15: Poor electricity prices in the Guangdong market, 2016-2022, and our share of electricity trade
Figure 14: Water discards in Sichuan and Yunnan regions, 2013-2020) Cost: The cost of utilities is generally stable, the cost is mostly depreciated and the cost is mainly financial. Fixed costs of utilities can range from 60 to 70%, with fixed assets discounted.
The depreciation usually amounts to 40-50% of the total operating cost, mainly due to the difficulty of construction and unit installation; it can be made up mainly of storage, water, financial and human costs. The marginal cost of water and electricity is very low, with very few exceptions to the very limited cost of water.
In addition, the financial costs of utilities account for about 20-30% of the total operating cost and are related to interest-bearing debt. The depreciation and financial costs will fall significantly later in the operation of the hydroelectric plants, raising the level of profitability.
A portion of the profit is released when depreciation is raised; on the other hand, as the enterprise gradually repays its debt and replaces high interest-rate debt, the size of the liability is reduced and the financing costs are reduced gradually, and the financial costs are gradually reduced, thereby releasing the profit.
Figure 16: Depreciation of utility head enterprises as a proportion of total operating costs over the last five years Figure 17: Financial costs of utility head enterprises as a proportion of total operating costs over the last five years
In order to clean renewable and inexpensive resources, the preference is higher. Although the amount of electricity generated is affected by fluctuations in the flow of water, as the river basins increase, the stairway reservoirs can be optimized to smooth water fluctuations, increase water use and increase power generation.) Electricity prices are relatively low compared to other sources of electricity in recent years.
The overall level is more stable, with future increases in electricity and water prices likely as market-based reforms continue. 3) Cost angles, upstream coal prices for electric power, upstream silicon, metals, etc. for new energy sources such as wind and photovoltaic, are all influenced by macroeconomic trends, while hydropower has no fuel costs.
Our utility company also generally has a higher share of dividends, and therefore a “class bond” attribute. Based on the steady cash flow and high dividends of the utility utility department, the excess returns on relatively small and long-held shares fluctuated, the dividends are consistently higher than the 10-year rate of return on the national debt, and the defensive attributes are clear. The market treats the utility unit as a bond.
For example, from the beginning of 2010 to December 2023, at the end of December 2023, companies outperformed 344 per cent of the 300 index, with an average annual excess of 14 per cent. Industry development: the hydropower development process is in its mid- to late stages, with high-quality large hydropower becoming more scarce.
Our hydropower development process is at a mid-to-late stage. We are one of the richest hydropower resources in the world. In 2005, we published the results of the national hydro resource review, which mentioned that our hydropower theory holds 694 million kW. is the first in the world and that technology can develop 542 million kW. According to the latest data published by the National Energy Agency,
At present, we have identified about 687 million kilowatts (kW) of capacity for the development of hydropower. According to data from the China-China ITU, in late 2023, our conventional hydropower (excluding pumping capacity) installed capacity stood at 371 million kW (0.8 per cent more than in the previous 18 years) and remained at the top of the world for about 54 per cent of our hydropower technology.
1. During the period of the Twelfth Five-Year Plan, the State made a major effort to build a large water and electricity base in the west, while supporting the development of small-scale hydropower. By the end of 2015, the target for additional installed conventional hydropower units had been exceeded by 297 million kilowatts, exceeding the planned target of 37 million kilowatts.
During this period, as the country's economic development has entered a new normal and the demand for electricity has slowed down, the south-west region has experienced an increase in the annual rate of water and water disposal due to insufficient capacity to absorb electricity. (2) Small- and medium-sized hydropower has been strictly controlled during the 13th Five-Year Plan, and the rate of increase in water and power installed has slowed.
In November 2016, the National Energy Agency issued the “13th Five-Year Plan for Hydropower Development,” which explicitly provides for strict control over the development of small and medium-sized watersheds and small and medium-sized hydropower;
Small hydropower means a single station hydroelectric power station with a capacity of up to 50,000 kW, with a capacity of 5 to 250,000 kW and a capacity of more than 250,000 kW for a large hydropower station.
3) The 13th Five-Year Plan began the gradual transfer of hydropower development upstream and the scarcity of high-quality hydropower resources. After the major hydropower developments in the Tenth Two-Five period, the basic development of high-quality hydropower resources downstream of our main rivers was completed.
Most of the planning projects in the field are upstream. At present, the country's high-quality hydropower resources are largely developed, with the remaining water resources to be developed concentrated in the south-west and are difficult and costly to develop.
The Vision for Hydropower Development, which is expected to reach 380 million kW in 2025 and 420 million kW in 2030, corresponding to 1 per cent in 2022-2030 cagr. At the end of 2023, the installed capacity of conventional hydropower (excluding pumping capacity) was 370 million kW, an increase of 0.8 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
Figure 23: Our conventional hydropower installed capacity and future projections for 2011-2023
Since the amount of electricity generated by hydropower depends mainly on the volume of water flow, the size of the water head, and the distribution of time, these factors are strongly influenced by the natural conditions in the basins of precipitation, terrain, hydrology, etc. The remaining hydropower in the country is currently limited, and 13 hydroelectric bases are being built and will be developed with more than 5 million kilowatts of water installed.
The number of power stations has increased by almost zero, and the scarcity of high-quality large hydropower assets has been highlighted. At present, the largest hydroelectric plants in the country include the Mendei Gorge and the Xulong Xulong hydroelectric plants in Yashang, both of which have been installed at 2.4 million kilowatts.
In 2021-2022, two electric power stations were installed in Utungde and Shirakawa Beach, each of which was connected with hydroelectric dragons; in addition to the construction of new power stations, the build-up of power in Yangjiang was also carried out. In 2021-2022, the power and energy co-owned Yuang electric power station in Yangjiang, which was co-owned by the State, was also installed in the same plant.
In the amount of 4.5 million kilowatts, the electric power plant on the Yakuza River increased by 30.6 per cent, while other hydroelectric plants expected to become operational during the 1455s included the Mar blockage station of the National Energy Group (which installed 2.32 million kilowatts and was expected to become operational in 2024) and the Powered Toba power station (which installed 1.4 million kilowatts) which was expected to become operational.
From a long-term perspective, the profitability of utility companies has steadily increased, typically cash cattle. Hydropower is a typical asset industry, with low post-partum maintenance costs, despite high capital costs during construction.
So, after the end of the debt service and depreciation period, the cash flow is usually higher than the net profit and is typical of the cash cow. Moreover, considering the marketization of our electricity sector, reforms are moving forward, and the current state of tight balance between electricity supply and demand is expected to continue in some parts of the country.
In the short term, the overall water deficit in 2023 affected hydroelectric power generation. In the first half of 2023, the main watersheds of the country, such as Utundde and Tri-Gorge reservoirs in the Yangtze basin, lost 23/30% of the same water.
The Yangtze Udongde and Tri-Fathor reservoirs are 15-36% more water than they are, and the last river is 40-70% more water. But it seems that the whole water stock is still dead, with a total of about 10,290 million cubic metres of water coming from the Udong-Team reservoir in 2023, a decline of 5.46% compared to the same period in the previous year; and a total of 3,42,846 million cubic metres of water coming from the tri-gorge reservoirs, a decrease from the same period in the previous year.
El Niño is expected to last until the spring of 2024, when water or continuous improvement will lead to a rise in hydroelectric power generation. El Niño is an important driver of global climate anomalies. In the third quarter of 2023, affected by El Niño and its entry period, the main river basins, other than the red river, are being drained from water.
The Deir Niño incident, which is expected to continue until spring 2024; temperatures are expected to be close to the same or higher in most parts of the country this winter, with more precipitation in the south.
Yangtze Power: a stable growth and a high-valued hydroelectric dragon company: The largest hydropower company in the world, with core hydropower assets in the Yangtze River Basin, was listed in September 2003 and handed over in November 2003, mainly for hydroelectric power generation, investment financing, pumping of water, storage, etc.
The company, which has been operating for many years through continuous machine-building and injections, currently manages Utund, White Crane Beach, River Rhodes, dam, tri-gorge, Goji Dam, six ladder-grade power stations in the Yangtze River.
Globally, the leading companies in the hydropower sector are mainly located in China, Brazil, Canada, etc. Brazil’s hydropower resources are particularly abundant, and Brazil’s electricity is Brazil’s largest electricity company, listed in the United States.
Nhpc is an Indian electricity company, preceded by Indian national hydropower. 26 January; 3.cagr calculates the composite acceleration for 2018-2022; 4. Hydropower loading data up to the end of 2022; 5. Iverdroma financial data up to the end of 2021. The concentration of our hydropower market is not very high.
Among them are China’s five-Power power-generating groups, namely, China’s China Power Group, China’s Energy Investment Group, China’s Grand Tang Group, China’s Power Group, and China’s Power Investment Group. By the end of December 2022, the country’s energy-investment group did not disclose hydroelectric power generation in 2022.
The company owns five of the world’s top 12 hydroelectric plants, making up the world’s largest clean energy corridor. The company owns five of the world’s 12 hydroelectric plants and operates 700,000 kW and more water turbines.
By the end of September 2023, 24% of the country’s hydropower and electricity generation were installed and generated. The company has been able to ensure flood prevention, shipping, water recharge and ecological safety in the Yangtze River basin, and has played an important role in promoting energy-saving emission reductions and green development.
The company is a national capital background, the equity structure is centralized and stable, and the controlling shareholder is the Tri-Font Group. Since its inception, the company's wholly-owned subsidiary, China's Three-Five-Firth Builders Group, has an indirect share of 3.60%, with a combined share of 54.01%. The company is effectively controlled by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council, with a 100% share in the tri-Font Group, and by the National Finance Committee through the Chinese Nuclear Industries Group.
The company has a 1.07% shareholding. Corporate management is stable, and core executives have many years of experience in operating management, with the chairman of the company also being the chairman of the parent company Tri-Gorge Group. Figure 28: Corporate stock structure map (updated to the third quarter of 2023)
Business analysis: Main hydroelectric power operation, industrial chain extension to downstream distribution. Hydropower is the company’s main business, accounting for about 84 per cent of the revenue in 2022. The company’s hydroelectric sector has maintained its revenue ratio at over 84 per cent since 2013. In addition to hydropower, the company is actively developing pumping water storage.
Businesses, international operations, smart and integrated energy operations, new energy operations, electricity distribution operations, investment in financing operations, extension of the industrial chain from power generation to “distribution-sale” efforts to expand new performance growth points. Hydropower operations - building the world’s largest cleaner energy corridor: the company now owns Utund,
In January 2023, the company completed the acquisition of the Utonde and Shirakawa banks and increased the capacity of domestic hydroelectric plants from 45,495,000 kilowatts to 7,169.5 kilowatts.
1) Utungde hydroelectric power station: located in Yunnan, the Sichuan River sector, is the fourth largest hydroelectric power plant in the world, thousands of kilowatts, 12 single-power units with a capacity of 85,000 kilowatts, generating 27.8 billion in 2022.
The Utungde power station is powered by a combination of flood protection, improved shipping, and the promotion of local economic and social development, with the main power supply being Guangdong and Guangxi, taking into account the electricity needs of Yunnan Province. 2) White crane beach hydroelectric power station: in Yunnan and Sichuan, it is the second and second highest in the world.
The Great Hydropower Station, which is the second step in the company's four water elevator stages in the lower Jinsha River, has a total installed capacity of hundreds of millions of kWh. The White Crane Beach Project is a world-class hydroelectric project, with power stations dominated by power generation and a combination of flood prevention, sand suppression, improved storage and downstream river navigation conditions, and is second only to the Three Gorges.
The main power supply is Zhejiang and Jiangsu, taking into account the electricity needs of the provinces of Sichuan and Yunnan. 3) The river power station in the river basin of Jinsha River, located between Yunnan and Sichuan, is the third largest power station in the world and the fourth largest power station in the world.
With a capacity of 13,86 million kilowatts, there are 18 single-power units with a capacity of 77, 000 kilowatts, generating an average annual capacity of 53.5 billion kilowatt-hours (up to 63.6 billion kilowatt-hours) since 2013, with the main power supply being Zhejiang and Guangdong, taking into account the electricity needs of the provinces of Sichuan and Yunnan.
These combined benefits, such as flood prevention and improved downstream shipping conditions, are the backbone power sources of our country's “west-west-to-west” power supply. 4) Water and power stations to the dam: the Kansha River Gorge, located on the Yunnan-Sichuan border, is the seventh largest hydroelectric power station in the world, with a total installed capacity of 6.4 million kilowatts and eight single-air capacity of 800,000 kilowatts.
The average annual power generation since 2013 is 30.5 billion kilowatt-hours (up to 33.7 billion kilowatt-hours), with primary power supply in Shanghai, taking into account the electricity needs of the provinces of Sichuan and Yunnan.
Pre-optimal expansion of power stations is proceeding in an orderly manner. (5) Three gorge hydroelectric power stations: located in the middle of the western isthmus of the Yangtze River in Lake Kitchen, the largest integrated water hub in the world, which is seasonally regulated and the backbone of the country's “West East” and “North-South supply”;
The total installed capacity is 22.5 million kilowatts (kW) and there are 32 units of 700,000 kW and 2 kW; the average annual power generation since 2013 is 95.3 billion kWh (up to a maximum of 11.18 billion kWh);
The key backbone of the source works, with significant combined benefits, such as flood prevention, electricity generation, shipping, water use, etc. (6) The Goji dam hydroelectric power station, located on the upper part of the Yangtze River, located in Yichang, north of the lake, is the largest water hub built earlier on the main stream of the Yangtze and the counter-regulating reservoir at the Three Gorge power station, which is the day-reconciliation.
With a capacity of 2,735,000 kilowatts (kW), with 2 single units with a capacity of 17,000 kW, 19 single machines with a capacity of 125,000 kW and 1 single machine with a capacity of 20,000 kW; the average annual generation of electricity since 2013 was 18.2 billion kWh, with the highest number of conversions completed and the maximum capacity increased by 47.5 kW, or 17.4 per cent.
The company seized the opportunity of electricity transformation in 2015 to set up a distribution company through a local energy company. The company has been working intensively since 2017 to build power distribution platforms in the Chongqing area, and in 2017 to distribute plates throughout the year.
The company further increased its three gorges water from 2017 to 2018, becoming a single major shareholder and achieving rapid growth in the distribution of electricity through a combination of powerful initiatives such as distribution, sale, intelligent charging and distributional energy operations. The three gorges water is now being implemented by the company.
In April 2020, the company completed its acquisition of Luddes, Peru’s first largest electricity distribution company, and opened a new start to the distribution of assets in the overseas distribution network. In May 2020, the company used three gorges as a platform for the successful realization of Chongqin.
In 2022, the company contracted about 600 retail electricity users, selling about 4.5 billion kwh, and developed 40,000 international green cards for simultaneous marketing.
Step-by-step upgrading of the value added of the electricity distribution business, with the Shanghai region being integrated for the first time, absorbing large hydropower inflows totalling 730 million kwh. 3. Pumping water storage + new energy operations — active planning for “waterwind storage integration”: pumping water storage power plants
With a variety of functions, such as peaking, filling, storage power, agility, speed of response, and a high ability to do so are important support for building a new energy system and achieving the goal of “double carbon.” By the end of October 2023, companies had acquired and focused on 30 pumping energy projects with a total capacity of nearly 42 million kilowatts.
In December 2023, the company co-financed the establishment of Sichuan River Oil Pumping Energy Co. Ltd., a fully-owned affiliate of the Three Gorges group of shareholders (the chief executive of the company's power station on the escalator), to assist the company in achieving the integrated development goals of the “water and light storage” of the downstream energy base of the Jinsha River.
Intelligent and integrated energy operations - innovation in the formation of a model for integrated and urban energy managers: corporate operations, economic belts in Yangjiang, Kyojin-Soo, and other strategic regions, more than 20 provinces and cities, with a total installed capacity of more than 300 mw of distributed photovoltaic projects under construction and operation as of 2022, and user side energy storage projects under construction and operation
Total installed capacity is about 200 mwh, and total investment in construction projects under way is over 3 billion yuan. ▪5. International operations – deployment of offshore clean energy assets: through China Long Power International (Hong Kong) and China's tri-gorge International Power Operators, companies undertake overseas projects for the distribution and purchase of electricity and clean energy.
Greenfield development, post-investment management, transportation, technical advice, etc., extend to the total clean energy industry with hydropower as its core. The international hydroelectric plants that companies are currently involved in managing include, among others, the Three-Firth Group Brazilian Hydropower Station, the Pakistan Hydro Power Plant, and the Malaysian Choo Power Station.
In June 2019, the company’s international operator officially took over the Pakistan Wind and Power project, marking the start of the management of the first overseas entity project of the Department. In April 2020, the company successfully acquired 83.6% of the shares of the Peruvian company Luddes.
In 2022, Luddes achieved revenues of RMB 7,086 million, an increase of RMB 5.67 per cent over the same period, mainly benefiting from the double price of electricity distribution by LNDs Peru; a total profit of RMB 1.7 billion; and a net profit of about US$ 170 million, an increase of more than 20 per cent over the same period.
At present, Luddes' electricity sales have returned to pre-epidemiological levels, close to 2019 (the best in history), and are expected to reach a record high in 2023. Moreover, in Peru, Luddes' electricity prices are expected to increase steadily, mainly by the regulatory agencies every four years.
Once approved, after full communication during the previous period in the distribution price approval for 2022-2026, Luddes 6. Financing operations — an important instrument for achieving steady growth in performance: sound corporate investment in areas such as clean energy, smart energy mix, overseas markets; large-scale participation in North Lake energy;
In recent years, corporate annual investment returns have steadily increased from 1.3 billion yuan in the early years of the 13th Five-Year Plan.
A 22% ratio is used as a regulator and an important tool for companies to cope with the volatility of the Yangtze River to achieve steady growth and promote development.
Development advantages: water resources have a unique advantage and have a strong capacity to market and deplete hydropower, the largest hydropower company in the country, relying on the first river, which has a unique resource advantage.
Power stations are the most high-quality hydroelectric assets. The company has the best water resources in China, and six large hydroelectric plants have been built in the lower and upper Yangtze rivers — Utunde, White Crane Beach, River Rover, to domestic dams, to the tri-gorges, to the Goi Chai Dams — all of which are the best assets in the country in terms of the size of the installed plants and the size of the basins.
In 2023, the company was upgraded from the "Four Pools" to the "Four Pools" to the "Six Pools" to facilitate the formation of reservoir ladders, which helped to level water waves by reducing water discards, increasing water use, and increasing power generation.
The company built the largest and most functional water telemetry system in the world ' s hydropower industry, with a 24-hour forecast of 95.8 per cent of the water condition of the basin ladder station in 2022. The company has cross-regional hydropower marketing capabilities and a stronger power digestion capability.
Source engineering and the “West East” backbone power supply, electricity is consumed long distances across the region, electricity outlet areas are developed off the south-east coast, and hydropower as a clean energy source has the right to prioritize consumption, as companies have virtually no downstream consumption restrictions on electricity generation that result in water disposal.
The company’s power stations are the best in terms of their natural conditions and economic location, and the power grids go directly to the developed regions. The company’s power stations, both natural and economic, are among the top of the country’s major hydroelectric companies. Among them, the three gorges are located in the middle of the country, sending electricity mainly to China, China and the Guangdong region, at a distance of 400 to 1,000 km.
The electricity supply is in the lower part of the Yangtze River; it is located in the central part of the country, near the loading centre, where electricity is delivered to the four power stations in the lower part of the Kansa River, which are longer than the tri-gorge and the Gospel dams, but are the shortest in the southwest. The distribution of electricity in the company ' s power stations is as follows.
Financial analysis: Growth in installed power drives a steady increase in business performance Profitability: multiple injections of hydropower assets into revenue and profit scale ladders leading directly to upgrading of installed capacity and performance
Since its inception in 2002, the company has gradually acquired large hydroelectric assets under the head of the parent company, the Tri-Firth Group. The asset injection model used by the company is to let the home company operate after delivery, and when the generator team matures, it effectively avoids the risks involved in the construction process and completes the acquisition.
In 2009, the three gorge power station was injected, the stream was retouched to two stations in 2016, and in 2023, both the company’s collection and the mother’s net profit increased in step. In January 2023, the company issued shares and paid cash to buy two Utund and White Crane Bunds.
The investment operator of the hydroelectric power plant - the Three Gorges Jinsha Yunchuan Hydropower Development Co. Ltd. (Yunchuan Cong Division) held 100% of the shares. After the completion of the transaction, the company ' s ownership of the Yangtze water station was increased to six, and the total installed capacity increased from 45,595,000 kW to 71,795,000 kW, an increase of 57.5 per cent.
Using the results of the asset base methodology, the transaction is valued at $80.480 billion. In addition, the share issue is self-financing for the purchase of assets, the company’s own funds and other claims.
In the course of the transaction, the target company, Yunchuan, had a market gain of 18.11 times, slightly less than the average market gain relative to the listed company; the target company had a net market rate of 1.42 times lower than the market net rate comparable to that of the listed company. 804 million shares (contributors with limited terms of sale) were issued, and the number of shares in the company since the issuance
The net amount of the package raised in this issue is used to pay for the cash exchange of the purchase capital, but it does not have a significant impact on the equity structure because of the total amount of the transaction relative to the purchase of the asset and does not result in a change in the ownership and actual control of the listed company.
In addition, in the short term, the size of the company’s liabilities, asset liabilities, financial cost rates will increase significantly, and debt-servicing targets, profit margins, per share will decrease. But considering the company’s staircase combined movement capacity will be taken from “four”
With the gradual repayment of debt, the replacement of high-interest debt and the optimization of the debt structure, it is expected that there will be a steady and sufficient cash flow of business activity in the future and a gradual increase in profitability.
The size of the revenue and profit levels remained relatively stable until the new assets were injected. Because of the relative edge of the company’s power consumption, fluctuations in the volume of electricity generated depended mainly on the availability of water, the ability of the company to move together across watersheds to smooth water fluctuations, combined with the limited annual impact of changes in electricity prices, and the relative size of the company’s revenue and profit levels before the infusion of new assets.
In the Yangtze basin, the effects of such factors as severe water depredation in the year; in the first three quarters of 2023, the net profit from corporate collections and repatriations was 57.921 billion yuan, i.e. + 9 per cent/+4 per cent of the year (as a result of the merger of companies under the same control in 2023), the two rates of increase being retrospectively adjusted), benefiting mainly from water abundance in the third quarter of the Yangtze basin.
In 2023 there was a merger of firms under the same control, the comparison period data were traced. In 2023 there was a merger of firms under the same control, the comparison period data were adjusted retroactively. The net profit amounts for the first three quarters of 2022 and the net return for the third quarter of 2023 are shown in this figure.
The figures for the first three quarters of 2022 and for the third quarter of 2023 are retrospectively adjusted, while for the last three quarters of 2022 they are retroactively adjusted.
The figures for the period of comparison have been retroactively adjusted by a merger of the same controlled enterprises during the year, and the figures for the third quarter of 2022 and the third quarter of 2023, respectively, are retrospectively adjusted.
In 2016, the company completed the infusion of two power stations with an additional 2,026,000 kW in capacity of 45,495,000 kW; in 2023, the company completed the infusion of two Ubek stations with an additional 2,62 million kW in capacity of 71,795,000 kW in total.
The amount of water coming in is characterized by “food in the sky” and the construction and co-location of multi-level hydroelectric plants is one of the best ways to deal with the current wave of water. Effective storage of water at multi-level hydroelectric plants can lead to a significant reduction in the amount of water being discarded during the dysentery, while increasing the amount of water being produced during the drying period. In 2023, the infusion of the solid white power station led to an increase in installed capacity, and in the case of water being drained.
In the short term, annual electricity generation will be affected by water fluctuations. In 2022, the company ' s electricity generation declined by 11% from 18,566 million kilowatt-hours in the Yangtze basin, due to factors such as the severe annual water loss and the storage of water from new upstream power plants;
Net power generation accounted for 99.4 per cent of electricity generation, while sales accounted for 99.5 per cent of electricity generation, which is essentially a multi-year dimension of the data. Water came from the Yangtze river basins in the first half of the year, the water situation began to improve in the third quarter, and in 2023, total water coming from the Utund and the Three Gorge reservoirs was reduced by 5.5 per cent/absorbent 0.7 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period in the previous year.
Over the long term, the overall fleet is largely stable. Using hours depends on coming water, coming from the Yangtze River basin, with cyclical shocks surrounding the multi-year average. Although water is difficult to predict in the short term, it appears that water will be averaged in the long run at 11%, mainly due to water decomposition in the Yangtze basin; three of these gorge power stations use an average of hours per year.
In January 2023, the company completed the acquisition of two electric power stations in Utund and White Crane Beach, with a year-on-year increase in total electricity generated at a retroactive rate. In 2023, the growth rate of power generated by the White Crane Beach Station was as high as 43%, mainly in 2022.
The share of electricity traded on the market by the company in 2018-2021 was more than 11%. The share of electricity traded on the market in 2022 was only 14 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh). The share of electricity on the Internet was 7.6%.
Future increases in the share of marketized transactions have helped to boost company electricity prices. In recent years, marketed electricity prices have been on the rise under double-carbon targets and tight electricity supply and demand, such as the increase in the average annual price of Yunnan electricity marketed transactions from 0.1785 in 2018 to 0.2229 in 2022/kwh, cagr being 5.7% of the company ' s electricity prices in recent years.
0.2697/kWh, an increase of 1.5% in the same year. Electricity and water prices are significantly lower than those of other power sources, and there is room for future increases in electricity and water prices as the share of marketized transactions increases in the case of double carbon requirements and electricity demand.
The company’s electricity generation costs are stable, with the main operating costs deriving from depreciation, fiscal fees and financial costs. The company’s total operating costs are stable and, according to the 2018-2022 report, the company’s total operating costs are mainly depreciated (approximately and financial costs account for a larger share of the costs and have a greater impact on net profits, but they remain largely stable.
Depreciation is a fixed cost. The company’s depreciation consists mainly of blockage buildings, mechanical equipment and buildings, which have been converted to high installed capacity, and depreciation random group inflated. The company’s depreciation as a percentage of business activity in 2018-2022 is about 50-64%. The dam has been depreciated by 3.2 billion yuan annually since 2016, and machine equipment by year.
Fiscal fees have increased with the generation of electricity, and in recent years they have remained fairly stable. The company’s fiscal fees consist mainly of water-resource fees and storage expenses.
The company has a low turnover and low volatility, with limited impact on performance.  Depreciation  financial fees  financial costs  sales and management costs  Other costs  Corporate profitability remains stable over the long term, and roa and roe remain at a high level of industry: corporate Māori (Māori) 2013
The company is in the lead in the industry. It has a stronger marketing and disbursing capacity and has a lower sales cost, with a decrease of 3.opct (adjusted) to 37.9%; it is mainly due to the increase in depreciation charged after the acquisition of the unwhite power plant assets, the accumulation of full depreciation costs from the complete commissioning of the crane beach hydroelectric plant in 2023, and the distribution of electricity abroad.
Increased volume, resulting in higher operating costs on a par. Debt solvency: credit ratings have been good for years, asset-liability rates have been maintained at reasonable levels, asset-liability ratios have been running down for six consecutive years. Investment in utilities development is huge and often requires significant debt-consolidation.
Financial costs are the largest share of the company’s current costs. Companies have consistently maintained their national international credit ratings of aaa and Moodia 1 and Fitch a+, and the financing rate has declined from year to year. In the case of total liabilities and financing costs, the amount of the company’s financial costs and the sum of the company’s financial costs have fallen.
From 16 per cent (adjusted), mainly due to the increase in the size of the interest-bearing liability following the acquisition of the company, the corresponding increase in interest costs and the corresponding decrease in the capitalization of interest.
The company has a typical large hydropower cash cow with a typical financial feature, enjoying a strong cash flow from a mature hydroelectric plant. Non-payable costs such as depreciation after electricity enters operations are higher, and the company displays a clear “cash cow” as a net operating cash flow that remains around 1.4-2 times the net profit of the parent; and a net operating cash flow for 2018-2022.
For the first time in a company’s charter, China’s capital market clearly defined a 10-year-old policy for a high share of cash. In its charter, the company clearly stated that annual cash dividends were in principle no less than what the parent company had achieved in the same year to distribute profits to shareholders.
For adjustment purposes, mainly through the payment of the M & As transaction countervalue; net cash flows from financing activities increased by $62.54 billion on a year-on-year basis and 222.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis (both after adjustment), mainly as a result of the increase in M & A finance from Clouds. Figure 45: Cash flows from companies in the first three quarters of 2018-2023 (billions)
The net cash flow of the company is much greater than the net profit, the net cash flow of the company, the dividends of the operation, the repayment of the debt, and the three main destinations of the investment. Each year, the company has a large depreciation of fixed assets, so that the net cash flow of the company is much greater than the net profit, and the ratio of the net cash share of the company to the net profit of the parent is not yet clear.
Millions of yuan, representing 65 per cent of net operating cash flows, were working to replace high-interest debt with lower-cost funds, reduce financial costs and release corporate profits. 3) Investments: including strategic and financial investments.
Sixty-three of them, two of them, have accumulated 55 billion yuan in original investments, all of which have been added to foreign investment during the year, with long-term equity investments accounting for a significant share. Figure 50: Long-term corporate equity investments as a share of accumulated primary investments and as a share of total assets
Over the years, companies have been active in strategic investments around major industries and have been able to smooth their performance through higher returns on investment in years when it is more evident that the main power generation business is affected by water fluctuations. Based on a stable cash flow, companies have actively engaged in equity investments in areas such as clean energy, regional energy platforms, industrial chains up and down: first-level cities.
On the scene, companies are involved in high-quality electricity enterprises such as Hakubei Energy, Guangzhou Development, Three Gorges Water, Shanghai Power, etc., involving power assets and power sources in various fields such as hydropower, wind power, fire power, nuclear power, etc.: in the secondary market, companies invest in the shares of high-quality hydroelectric companies such as electricity-infused, energy-in-kind, coronary power, and energy-in-kobei.
On average, the Division ' s investment earnings amounted to 3.4 billion yuan (over $4 billion over the last three years), and its share of the net return on the return contributed to a robust growth in corporate performance. 2) The disposal of investment returns from long-term equity investments and the disposal of other non-current financial assets were invested
Gains are more company-regulating items: when these two gains are combined, they tend to be higher in the year in which the water comes and to account for the return on investment, in the year in which the water comes and in the year in which the investment returns are received First, investment gains from the disposal of long-term equity investments, in the years 2014, 2016, 2016, 2014 and 2016 in the Yangtze River.
The company accumulated a 6.1 per cent reduction in the shareholding of Shanghai electricity through the secondary market, a 160 million reduction in the shareholding, a return of about $1.83 billion and a disposal of about $710 million in return for investment earnings. 3) Equity income earned during the period in which the company ' s other equity instruments were held and other non-current financial assets held
Investment returns fluctuated relatively little: large shares held by companies in the secondary market were recorded as financial assets available for sale in the statement of assets and liabilities in early years and, as the financial instruments guidelines changed in 2019, available equity investments were classified as investments in other equity instruments or other non-current financing, depending on whether they were transactional or not
Production (within 1 year, shown as traded financial assets). In 2019-2022, these two gains plus total investment value: low interest rate environment favourable to higher corporate valuation stock price movements: corporate stock prices and public debt returns tend to show a reverse trend for most of the time
The trend in corporate stock prices can be broadly divided into two stages: the trend is more dynamic. The main reasons are, on the one hand, that the company has not yet developed the capacity of the four pools during this period, so that its performance is highly influenced by the availability of water and less stable performance; and, on the other hand, basically, that it has not yet developed a four-concrete capacity.
It is only when the company discloses or the market expects to buy the crew for an infusion of assets that the trend towards a new stage due to performance diminishes its relevance to the 300-degree index, and the company moves out of independence and displays a more visible defensive value in Bear City. The turning point in the company's valuation system is around 2016.
The Division developed a four-chamber mix of capacity to smooth water fluctuations and thereby stabilize performance following the stream ' s injection to the power station; second, in April 2016, the company pledged a high score for the next 10 years; and finally, in 2016-2017, there was a marked influx of foreign capital, which was a major incremental capital and favoured large-scale blue equity.
The stock prices before and after the reorganization of the assets showed that the acquisition and injection of assets had a significant impact on the company's excess value earnings, mainly because of the build-up in the capacity of the plant's assets.
2) Stable + high performance brings with it stronger defensive attributes: companies have “class bonds” that are prominent in weak or weak economic markets, such as in 2015 and 2018, when large-scale depth adjustments, public 3) FDI inflow and equity increment bring about a reshaping of the valuation system: this is reflected mainly in:
In 2016-2017, foreign capital, which is a significant increase in a share, was channelled into a stock. The style of foreign investment was in favour of large-scale blue equity, and the value of market blue equity as a whole rose.
In favour of offshore investors, the rise in the shareholding ratio of land shares has led to a re-engineering of the corporate valuation system.
4) Low interest rates lead to a valuation center up: share price p = per share of earnings per eps/market gainpe. For utilities, the year is 0.94 yuan/shares, which fluctuates over and over the period, so the effect of the change in the denominator on their valuation is more evident. In recent years, our interest rate has fallen, leading to a valuation center up in the utility unit, a company pe.
The company shares have a distinct “class bond” attribute, and low interest rates help to raise the company’s intrinsic value. The dcf model is more relevant because of the high stability of the company’s operations. For a stable industry, the valuation will increase significantly when market interest rates decrease and discount rates decrease.
In contrast to the trend in corporate stock prices and public debt returns since 2010, companies have experienced a marked excess of returns over the market at low interest rates in recent years: most of the time, company stock prices have moved in the opposite direction to the rate of public debt returns, mainly because companies have held them for many years.
With steady performance and high-score expectations, markets view companies as replacements for poor performance in bond markets, so they tend to follow the same trend as the rate of return on national debt, mainly because of the low rate of return on US debt between 2016 and 2017, and the rise in the ratio of equity to corporate holdings, which breaks the company ' s traditional valuation system and thus the value of corporate shares.
Reverse pattern of trends in returns on public debt.3 Corporate equity and public debt returns began to return to reverse pattern in 2018: starting in 2018, the rate of return on public debt declined as the economy increased, while corporate equity prices remained steady in cash flow and liquidity.
Performance and high dividends are driven by an overall upward trend. During this period, the trend in corporate equity prices and the rate of return on public debt has returned to a reverse pattern.
The company ' s share price is also affected by water scarcity and electricity price fluctuations, but the impact is short-term. 1) Water wellness: The company ' s current (quarterly) performance and stock price performance in the Yangtze basin can be directly affected, but in the long run, the river ' s average water availability has remained stable over the years, with the company ' s cross-water basins.
The combined movement control capacity can smooth water fluctuations, and therefore the impact of the coming water on stock prices is short-term. (2) Electricity price adjustment: changes in electricity prices have a limited impact on companies' annual revenues and profits, and significant increases in the size of companies are driven mainly by the growth in the size of installed machines.
Stock prices have a direct and visible negative impact, such as the news in 2018 that Sichuan will charge the company a network charge, and the market has some concerns about the fall in the company's electricity prices; in addition, the price increases are higher for the company's stock prices The excess gains: the upward trend in the build-up of the aircraft and the high-scoring red-driven cumulative excess returns
Reclamation shows a long-term stock price performance, with companies moving up the overall trend of excess returns relative to the big one. Reclamation moves in 2010 toward a firm’s stock price and shows a significant excess of returns relative to the depth of 300, with excess gains increasing and falling over time, but the overall trend is positive.
Interest and high dividends prevail. If the accumulated excess returns on the company ' s share price are calculated on the basis of a base point at the beginning of 2010, they can be divided into two stages, depending on the main drivers of the excess gains: mutualization. But the accumulated excess gains occur before and after the company discloses the infusion of hydropower assets, or the market.
A strong cash flow and a high cash fraction of red, showing a strong defensive value when macroeconomic pressure or big bear markets, and helping companies move out of independent stock prices, are expected to increase significantly.
Investment outlook: In the context of global interest-reduction expectations, the value of corporate allocation increases, and markets place greater weight on high-valued assets during periods of market malaise. In the process of slowing macroeconomic growth, investors’ risk preferences are reduced, and interest rates are more important as an indicator of security margins.
Rates are mainly influenced by risk-free rates of return, interest rate environments, growth discounts, and risk premiums. Risk-free rates of return: no-risk rates of return are the basis for dividends. The higher the risk-free rates of return, the higher the requirements for attractive dividends.
Interest rate environment: market liquidity and risk preferences are higher and growth preferences are higher in a low interest rate environment style, and hence interest rate markets are divided, higher and lower; market interest rates are reduced in a high interest rate environment, and the value shares of high dividends are reduced by higher stock prices and higher dividends are higher.
The dividends rate will gradually converge towards a risk-free rate of return, as the stock rate rises as a result of falling stock prices. Growing discounts: higher growth premiums are available to more growing firms, and higher growth can offset lower dividends, i.e., relatively lower demand for dividends.
Risk premiums: Risk premiums are positively associated with growth discounts, and the volatility of risk premiums directly reflects changes in investors’ risk preferences. In traditional valuation systems, low-growth industries require higher levels of risk premiums, and stable, manageable but relatively limited-growth corporations tend to be at valuation sites.
Under China’s speciality valuation system, risk premiums cannot be judged in a stable way for monopolistic countries. Figure 69: Changes in the company’s dividends, dividends and pe valuations for 2010-2022 are more prominent and valued in terms of the company’s defensive attributes in the context of global interest-reduction expectations.
On the one hand, low interest rates can help companies to reduce the cost of financing and save on financial costs; on the other hand, low interest rates can also boost the company’s intrinsic value by lowering the wacc. Looking ahead, in the context of a weak global macro environment with expectations of interest reduction, we believe that companies can deliver on sound performance, high red commitments, and high expectations.
Future outlook: water and light storage integration opens up long-term profitable spaces, power supply and demand are tight, and companies are expected to fully benefit from the benefits of electricity and water market-based trade reforms.
Hydropower is expected to be cheaper than the rest of the power source, with low and low volatility and potential for future increases. Hydropower is less expensive than other power sources as a whole, and is expected to benefit first from the marketing of electricity.
In the context of electricity supply and demand constraints, electricity falls and is priced in a way or with greater price elasticity. First, in terms of falling electricity prices, Jiangsu and Guangdong have provided new pricing.
Model, marketized average prices in Jiangsu Province in 2022 and 2023 were almost 20 per cent above base prices; marketized pricing was encouraged in 2022 and has been successfully implemented in Yunnan and Sichuan, etc. Based on the company ' s high core asset status, low power generation costs and higher capacity to pay downstream markets
The company’s target cities are mostly economically developed regions, with higher electricity prices. The three gorge power stations are used mainly to deliver electricity to Guangdong, Huadong, China Cong, Chongqing; and the Goji dam power station is used mainly to deliver electricity to China, China, and China.
The power stations are used mainly in Shanghai, Sichuan, Yunnan, and the streams are used mainly in Zhejiang, Guangdong, Sichuan, Yunnan. Guangdong, Shanghai, Zhejiang are the focus of the company’s electricity consumption, and are the focus of our economic development, both in terms of demand for electricity and affordability.
Companies are less costly to generate electricity than their counterparts, and are expected to earn a larger amount of marketed electricity in competitive prices. In the competitive bidding process for electricity trading, the core of the company’s competitiveness is the cost of generating electricity; the company’s running costs of electricity have a significant advantage among major water, fire and electricity companies. For example, in 2022, the company’s hydroelectric power supply was determined at the heart of the competitive bidding process.
The average cost is 0.09 yuan, the average cost of energy in the three gorges is 0.23 yuan for photovoltaics and 0.20 yuan for wind power, and the cost of electricity in China is 0.38 yuan for coal electricity. Given the firm’s highly stable cost structure, this competition has led to an increase in the volume and price of electricity traded in the market, and the development of electricity and water has taken a new step forward.
The Ubakusha power plant is expected to lead to further business gains. In January 2023, the company completed an injection of 26.2gw, or 36.5% of the company ' s total, of two hydroelectric plants in Utunde and White Crane Beach; the total number of hydroelectric units in the country increased to 71,695,000 kilowatts, or 57.6%, up to an all-time high.
The company is expected to generate about 6-7 billion kilowatt-hours of additional electricity per year under the six-bureau scheme. With the infusion of assets, the company's hydroelectric power plant was upgraded from the four-bureau to the six-bureau grid in 2023, conservatively estimated to be in four.
The company has revealed that 2023h1 co-movement is generating nearly 3.5 billion kWh of additional water-saving electricity. But the co-mobilization of the U-White power station in 2023, which was affected by water degeneration, will be more visible.
High prices for electricity delivered outside Ubakusha have been determined, and companies are expected to increase their market-based and high-priced electricity ratios, leading to higher combined electricity prices. The company's streams are using market-based pricing for part of the electricity produced by two hydroelectric plants. The newly injected Utungde hydroelectric power plant, in addition to its priority power generation programme, is expected to participate in a market-based competition, with the White Crane Beach hydroelectric station.
After the transition period in 2022, electricity prices were fully marketed. The current high prices of electricity delivered outside the U-White power station have been determined to be higher than the taxed average of the company’s record of 0.27/kWh. As the share of marketized electricity rose, and the share of electricity not delivered to high-priced areas by U-White power stations increased, according to the company’s performance statement, 2023.
The share of electricity delivered to high-priced areas is raised from 60 per cent to 80 per cent in the year, and the company’s overall electricity prices are expected to increase gradually. 1) White Crane Beach Delivery Solution Prices: The Jiangsu Development Commission previously issued a circular stating that the price of sending ground water to White Crane Beach is based on the “base landing price plus floating price” and that floating electricity prices are based on the annual transaction average of Jiangsu Province.
In 2022 - 2024, the average value of Jiangsu's marketized electricity was 0.4667, 0.46664, 0.45294/kWh (including taxes) and the base price of electricity from Jiangsu for coal combustion, based on the cost of sending electricity to the Internet = (land-end price - transmission price)* (1-line loss rate), 2023
At 8.36 p.m./kWh high voltage transmission price on crane beach to Jiangsute, including taxes, and at around 0.325 kWh Internet charge on crane beach to Su. 2) At 2023, at 0.4388 kWh electricity price on crane beach power station to drop down.
In 2023, the price of high-voltage transmissions at 8.14 cm/kWh (including taxes) from the white crane beach was pushed back to the white crane beach, and the price of electricity on the soy connection was about 0.323 cm/kWh. The company actively promoted the build-up, which is currently planned to total 3.9 million kWh, compared to the currently in production.
The company does not have plans for new hydroelectric plants, but actively promotes the enhancement of the capacity. The build-up does not involve the cost of water construction, it requires only a small cost, and investment is more cost-effective. 1) The capacity adjustment is planned to increase the capacity of 1.66 million kW; 18 of these are planned for the capacity adjustment of the Quillao project.
In addition, in 2022, the dam converted 19 units with a single capacity of 125,000 kilowatts into a fleet of 150,000 kilowatts, with a maximum 2.24 million kilowatts planned for expansion: four of them were planned for expansion of the dam, with a total increase.
800,000 kilowatts (kW); expansion to three of the dam plans, with a combined increase of 1.44 million kW; Māori ratio is expected to increase after depreciation is due and profitability is expected to continue to grow steadily.
The depreciation of the dam is 40-60 years, with three gorges, one to home, one to home, one to brook, one to Lough, 45 years, and the other 50 years. The company has permanent power over hydroelectric power plants, and the dam has a physical design life of over 100 years, as in the case of the Hoover dam in the United States.
The actual useful life of the hydroelectric unit also exceeds the accounting depreciation age. The company mentions in the Value Manual that the depreciation of the water turbines and generators is 18 years.
It will continue to operate with the appropriate feed. For example, in 1981, the first power plant was put into operation, the power unit was still in operation, and the company had previously upgraded some of the old generator units of the dam by means of a build-up plan, increasing the duration of the unit's use.
Figure 73: Depreciation composition of corporate fixed assets in 2022
The unit cost will be further reduced when the depreciation of the plant unit is completed, and this portion is expected to be released into performance. To measure the specific impact on the company’s performance of the reduction in depreciation of the plant unit equipment, we have measured the time of commissioning of the plant unit, the time of infusion of assets and the time of depreciation.
In recent years, the impact of the completion of the depreciation of the equipment of the tri-gorge power station on the company’s performance has been most evident in six of the stations. Assuming that the equipment of each of the six stations has been depreciated for 18 years, the Gojia dam station has had the greatest impact on the company’s performance.
(a) The depreciation of the entire fleet was completed around 2007 and the impact on the company's statements has already been reflected;
In order to measure the impact on the company’s performance of the completion of the depreciation of the three gorge plant equipment, 32 of the three gorges’ equipment were estimated to have decreased each year that the depreciation expired in 2021-2030.
1) Assuming an 18-year depreciation of plant equipment, it is expected that in 2021-2030 the depreciation of equipment will be completed for 32 of the three gorges: the first six units of the three gorges were operational in 2003 and 32 units were fully operational in 2012.
Yearly calculations are completed and the final production fleet is expected to be completed in 2030. (2) The estimated annual depreciation of the tri-gorge unit in 2021-2030 is lower than in the previous year, and the measured depreciation reduction in 2021 is more in line with the annual reporting data: we measured the 2021 tri-gorge machine.
The amount of depreciation in the group was 140 million yuan less than in the previous year, while the annual amount of the machinery and equipment disclosed in the company's annual report was 180 million yuan less than in the previous year.
1 assumes annual depreciation of the unit of equipment of approximately 1.47 million yuan per kilowatt, resulting in annual depreciation of the unit of equipment of the three gorges, or $103 million per year of the unit of equipment of the single station: assuming that the average depreciation of the unit of equipment of all stations is 18 years, after combing, the entire fleet of the three gorges, brooks, and to dams throughout the year.
The year in which depreciation is calculated for 12 months is 2015-2020. Consider the annual depreciation of the stream-to-power station in 2016. The single capacity of the 32 units of the three gorges is 700,000 kW, which results in an estimated annual depreciation of the three gorge units of 70*14/1000 = 103 million yuan.
Depreciation, with a total installed capacity of 441.1 million kilowatts. The entire fleet of the three gorges was fully depreciated in 2021, but depreciation may not have been applied throughout the 12 months of the year 2021.2 Months in which depreciation is estimated to have been depreciated on the basis of the date of commissioning of each unit, and hence the depreciation reduction for the year in question over the previous year: assumed monthly depreciation of the single unit is 1.03/12 = 0.086 million yuan/
In thousands of kilowatts, the date of depreciation taken into account for fixed assets is normally the next month after the fixed asset is recorded or installed. It is estimated that each of the three gorges has been depreciated for the month and month of the year in which the depreciation is to be calculated more accurately in order to calculate the depreciation of the three gorges in a given year than in the previous year.
In the years when depreciation was completed, the data measured the depreciation of the tri-gorge unit per year for 2021-2030, which was more than 62 million kilowatts of the country's planned capacity at the end of the 14th-year period, and which actively promoted the integration of water and light storage into the whole industry chain layout, further widening the profit margin, which was supported by policy support.
Since 2021, policies have been driving the development of pumping energy. Pumping energy is the best storage method for a considerable period of time. Since 2021, the National Development Commission and the National Energy Agency have published their Opinions on Further Improving the Facility for Priceing Pumping Water Energy, and the Medium- and Long-term Development Plan for Pumping Water Energy (2021-2035).
According to the National Energy Agency, we plan to take up seats and approve a total capacity of 68.9 million kilowatts (kW) per year, which exceeds the total size of production in the previous 50 years; we currently have a capacity of 51 million kW and an estimated 2023-2030cagr of 10.6%.
In June 2023, the General Directorate of Hydropower Planning issued the Report on the Development of the Pumping Energy Industry, 2022. As of the end of 2022, the capacity of the pumping plant in the country was 46 million kilowatts (kW) and 121 million kilowatts (kW) and a further 177 million kilowatts of prefeasibility studies were under way.
By the end of 2022, the new sources of the national grid under the national grid and the southern grid under the southern grid had been able to transport the total amount of the storage stock.
In the future, the country’s power plant operators will diversify, with five and four small power generation groups and listed companies actively participating in the construction of the pumping power plant.
Figure 75: Size and outlook of our pumped water storage capacity in 2010-2030
After the July 2020 Circular on the Further Improvement of Timetime Prices, our peak price policy was frequently updated, and the price differentials in the Grand Peaks reasonably opened up more room for profit for pumping water and storage plants. The May 2021 Circular on the Further Improvement of Prices for Pumping Water.
The government has developed a single-price system, a rental system, and so on, which has been gradually established and improved.
The price of two units of electricity consists of the price of electricity and the price of capacity, which is mainly the fixed cost of the battery, and the main cost of recovery of the price of electricity. Under the terms of Circular No. 633, the internal rate of return on the capital of 6.5% of the pumped-up project is partially guaranteed at the price of two units of electricity.
In May 2023, the National Development Reform Commission issued a circular on the price of the capacity of the pumping power plant and related matters, setting out the price of the capacity of the 48 pumping power plants to be shipped by the end of 2025.
In the short term, the approved electricity price or reduced the profitability of some of the pumping plants. In the long run, however, at the household level, it is clear that the price of the pumping capacity is higher, that it is more precise to capture the profit expectations, that it is sufficient to mobilize the entire area and promote the steady development of the pumping capacity.
So far, the company has targeted nearly 42 million kilowatts of water-pumping energy project resources, and is expected to increase its performance in the future. The company has targeted nearly 42 million kilowatts of water-pumping project resources, which is expected to increase performance in the long run.
According to the company's third-quarter investor communication circular in 2023, as of the end of October 2023, the company had acquired and tracked 30 pumping energy projects with a total installed capacity of nearly 42 million kilowatts. The company's first pumping plant, the Gansu Jang Pumping Station, was successfully started in 2023, marking the company's investment in the pumping plant.
In October 2022, the Gansu Jang Pumping Water Reclamation Station approved the approval of the Garang Development Commission. In the same month, construction began on the first company to complete the approved pumping power plant.
It is planned to generate 1,637 million kilowatt-hours per year and to pump 2,183 million kilowatt-hours per year, with a combined efficiency of about 75%. After the installation of the power station, the main tasks of the power grid are knapsack, grain filling, storage, FM, FM, emergency backup.
The base price for coal-fired power generation using the canal grid is 0.3078/kWh (with VAT) and the price for power station capacity is $643/kW (with VAT).
Annual power generation is estimated at 1.140 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) and annual power extraction is planned at 1.52 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh), with a combined utilization efficiency of about 75%. When the power plant is completed, it is primarily tasked with the task of Qingqing grid bulges, filling of grains, storage capacity, FM, FM, and emergency backup.
The cost of the plant capacity is $654.4/kw (including taxes) and $785.28 million per year.
In order to further analyse the contribution of the development of the pumping energy industry to the company ' s performance, we have measured the impact on the company ' s net profits of the post-natal impact of future projects in relation to the 30 projects currently targeted by the company with a combined load of nearly 42 million kilowatts. The measurement process is as follows:
1. As of the end of October 2023, there were 30 extraction projects that companies had acquired and focused on tracking, with a total load of nearly 42 million kilowatts, and we estimated them at 42 million kilowatts.
In order to simplify the calculation, we assume that the investment in the 42 million kilowatts is $7,000 per unit. 2) Assuming that the company is targeting the 42 million kilowatts, the average share of capital is 20%.
In addition, according to the company's announcement, the company requires that the share of capital for the Gansu Pumping Power Plant project be no less than 20%, and the share of capital for the Congqing Pumping Plant Project is 20%. On this basis, let's assume that
On the basis of the above analysis, we estimate the future 42 million kilowatts of pumped energy projects to be put into the post-partum phase, with net assets.
The Commission issued the " Method for the approval of electricity prices for pumping water storage capacity " , in which the internal rate of return on capital is calculated at 6.5 per cent for the duration of the project. We expect the company to make a net profit from a full post-partum project. The company is actively developing a new energy industry through excavations, and the integration of water and light storage is an important growth point for the future.
On the basis of large hydropower, the company is actively preparing for the construction of an integrated “water and wind storage” renewable energy complex.