The difference between the expectation for re-estimating hydropower taps and the underlying logic of low-consistency assets has been significant since 2016, but we've analysed the difference in expectations not at the molecular end. As the world's largest utility company, the Chief,
Liu Xiaoning, the quality of the power assets in the river is well known and has benefited in recent years from falling financial costs, increased investment returns and the infusion of U-White assets, ps steady at $1350523120003.
However, in valuation theory, asset quality and even low performance are not the reasons for excess returns, which require poor expectations, and sustained excess gains which require persistently poor expectations. Hydropower plates, particularly Yangtze power, have been labelled “transparent” with little or no expectation of income or cost, and molecular changes have been difficult to explain the company's excess returns.
According to portfolio theory, utilities and low-convergence assets continue to be re-evaluated. Reversed, the company ' s excess gains were actually realized in three bear cities, when the booms went up and did not fall. We believe that the core expectation of hydropower is that the business model is risk-resistant, that the wind is strong, that the wind is strong.
In response, the financial theory in textbooks can provide support: according to the investment portfolio theory of Markowitz, the price of a stock is determined by its position in the portfolio, and William Sharp further states that in a balanced state, the contribution to the portfolio should be proportional to the cost of the portfolio, which is a share of the return.
Looking back at the business model of hydropower, a significant proportion of investors have long classified hydropower companies as stable value class assets, but there are substantial differences between the business model of utilities and such factors as roads/airports/ports/banks/consortiums, and markets are not fully aware of their absolute low-consistency attributes.
First, the power of the company ' s operating income is very special, and rainfall is absolutely decoupled from macroeconomics; secondly, by its product characteristics, hydropower is a small low-cost supply of final homogenous commodities, determining low-price risks; and by its simple business model, the quality of financial statements is extremely high, Dou has eliminated most of the management risks, the joint movement has increased the efficiency of water use, and hydropower assets are characterized by “low-variencies across the board”, the city.
When the external environment changed, the low-risk, high-growth assets that many markets had originally considered to be “low-risk, high-growth” were falling apart, and the low-convergence properties of the hydroelectric taps continued to be highlighted. Lower discount rates led the utility company to slip away slowly through the “treat race.” \triangleright
These phenomena can also be cited as evidence of the “low risk variability” proposed by the 2013 Nobel Prize winner, Eugenefama. Because of human natural optimism, markets tend to overestimate the success rate of high-risk assets, resulting in market compensation for high-risk assets being much less than theoretically calculated.
Risk assessment is not fully priced for low-risk assets, and after a full cycle, the cumulative rate of return for low-risk asset classes is higher. At this point, even though the ratio of institutional holdings in Yangtze has increased steadily over the past few years, the absolute size of public fund holdings remains significantly low, and we believe that companies, and indeed the entire hydroelectric block, have a long-term configuration value and may have excess returns until the fund is matched.
\triangleright values, where companies are expected to have freely available cash at $50 billion a year after the water has stabilized, can be discounted directly from the annual cash flow, assuming that the return on reinvestment in the company is no less than the discount rate. Under the sustainable business scenario, the company’s reasonable market value is free available cash.
The discount rate for the market is 7%, and the discount rate for the QA company is necessarily lower than the market average. At 6%, the equity value of the company = 50 billion yuan/ 6% = 833.3 billion yuan; at 5%, the equity value of the company = 50 billion yuan/5% = 1 trillion yuan. \triangleright
At this point, we think that the city's revaluation of low-consensus assets, represented by Yangtze power, is far from over, that the current public fund holds a significant low-matching position, and that the company, and indeed the entire hydroelectric block, has a long-term configuration value in the public fund.
The company is expected to be able to make a direct return on the return on its reinvestment, assuming that the return on its reinvestment is no less than the discount rate, at $50 billion per annum (net operating cash flow - financial cost + share of the return on investment) once the company has stabilized.
The value of a company’s operating assets is equal to the freely available cash flow/discount rate under the business continuity scenario. At this rate, the equity value of a company’s operating assets = 50 billion yuan/6% = 833.3 billion yuan; at 5% discount rate, the company will be able to use its assets.
The value of equity = 50 billion yuan/ 5% = 1 trillion yuan. The equity price of financial assets accounted for in non-equity terms fluctuates significantly; price policy adjustments; 1. What is the real difference in expectations about the excess returns of the utility tap?
The total installed power station is 71.7 million kilowatts, five of which are among the top 10 in the world. Of these, three gorges, brooks and dams are ranked first, fourth and tenth in the world, respectively; Utungde and White Crane Beach, which were injected in early 2023, are ranked seventh and second in the world. The Goji dam is an anti-regulating power station in the three gorges, operating in conjunction with the tri-gorge power station.
By region, all six power stations are located in the Yangtze and are in the relative downstream of our large hydroelectric base, where the tributaries converge to become naturally stable; they are closer to the developed regions of China and South China, where the transmission distance is significantly lower than that of other south-west hydropowers; and the clean energy corridors, which are accompanied by “more than one” exclusive super-pressure points, are delivered to each other, with the clean energy corridors under the “six-bureau Concords” everywhere.
However, valuation theory suggests that the high quality of assets, or even the low rate of performance, is not the reason for the excess gain because the excess gain requires poor expectations and the continuing excess gain requires persistent poor expectations. Hydropower plates, particularly the Yangtze Power, have always been labelled “transparent” and are both at the end of income and cost.
It's hard to expect too much. For water, the efficiency of water use and the price of electricity, at the income end, the normal rainfall fluctuations have little impact on the long-term value of hydroelectric companies unless it can be demonstrated that there is a trend change in the climate (even if it occurs for hundreds of years); for water use efficiency, if the stream is more than expected, then the four-pool interfaces that are injected into the water supply will be effective, etc.
There is enough time for the market to absorb the “six pools” of injections; there is a strong inertia in the evolution of energy supply and demand patterns for electricity prices, and the market’s research into the tightening of electricity supply and demand in the southwest and east of the country is sufficient. The cost end is mostly depreciated, with relatively fixed labour and maintenance costs, and there is no marginality to the cost of water resources.
Cost, depreciation maturity, while raising perceived profits, does not affect cash flow on the one hand, nor is there any “super-expected” increase in profits, so there is no expected difference in the cost side. It's difficult to overpay for this plate, which is very transparent from the inside to the outside, but the Yangtze power.
Long-term trends have clearly exceeded the expectations of most investors. There are a lot of copies of the current market, mostly focused on performance growth or dividends, and the following are some of the classic narratives that we once recognized: as shown in figure 1, the share price of the Yangtze electricity as a demarcation point in 2016 shows a very different trend.
In the era of dcf swapping, each valuation system was the most profitable time for the company. Pulling the horizon back to 2016, the Yangtze power business model was unique compared to other power companies, and listed the main players.
At the beginning of the year, the group was responsible for the operation of the power station, not for the pre-construction, which was built first by the group, then by the group, and then by the assets. The group was able to inject two power stations into the public company, one from two to four. The stream was a landmark event, and there were two major changes to the company’s fundamentals: one was a four-to-one.
This upstream/downstream relationship has greatly enhanced the company’s joint movement of water coming from watersheds, and the second is that in addition to the diversion effect of highways, hydropower has a multi-level multiplier effect. It is commonly understood that hydroelectric power producers depend on incoming water, but the amount of water coming over a river unit time may exceed the maximum capacity of the plant, for example.
Assuming that a power station has a full capacity of 1 billion degrees per unit of time, the efficiency of water use can be significantly improved if it flows two billion degrees of electricity upstream, if it does not have enough reservoirs to cover it, and if there is an additional power plant up there, it can save it for a while, until it does not rain.
But, from a valuation point of view, the “four pools” are not meant to increase power generation, but to increase the stability of power generation and the predictability of performance. Using the operating roe after the company excluded financial assets and investment earnings as standard 1, for example, figure 2 shows that the company’s profitability was stagnated from the time the entire trifon fleet was injected into the stream in 2016.
The impact is greater and performance stability is less than ideal, when the market is basically looking at the company as an average large-scale blue-sharer, using a pe-appraisal to estimate that when the stream injected into the power station in 2016, the "four-concrete" significantly reduced the impact of rainfall fluctuations and the company's performance was qualitatively altered. In terms of the accuracy of profit projections, such as figure 3, the company's annual net profit return forecast for 2016-2021.
The second change is the 10-year-old dividends commitments announced by companies, especially the previous five-year absolute ones. At home, net profits exceed $20 billion, operating net cash flows exceed $30 billion, and corporate dividends are highly assured.
Thus, the market can directly derive the company’s fair share price by using a reversal of the rate of dividends, using the bond pricing model. In contrast to the trend in the 10-year rate of return on the country’s national debt in figure 4, it is clearer how the yield of the interest rate has been reversed, and how the presumption price mechanism has been formed:
The transition period between the second half of 2016 and the end of 2017 is a transition to a corporate valuation system. The market did not rapidly narrow the gap between the rate of return on public debt until 2016, even if the rate of return on public debt shifted upwards in 2017, so long as the “gravage” was strong enough, the company’s dividends remained stable down, driving stock prices and valuation levels up rapidly.
Then, after a major collapse in the market in 2018, by 2019, the firm’s debt-like attributes were in the same direction as the market, which completely treated the company as a substitute for bonds, and the inversely assumed value of dividends was officially formed. However, there is an important implicit assumption that the firm’s performance remained stable for a long period of time and did not increase.
The company’s net return profit in 2016 was $20.8 billion, compared to $21.5 billion in 2019, which does not seem to have increased. So the question is, the cost of the hydroelectric plant is depreciated, the depreciation is added back, and the company’s cash flow is much better than the net profit.
Life is 150 years, and the Chief Engineer of the Three Gorges interviewed said that the three gorge dam had a useful life of 500 years, but the utility company had been depreciating for 40 years. The water fleet in the station had a useful life of 30 to 40 years, and the utility company had generally depreciated for 18 years, leading to a general loss of net profits for the utility company, and cash flow was the real profit.
After the completion of the streaming in 2016, the company (net operating cash flow - financial cost + the share received in the return on investment) was in the order of $35 billion, while the net profit was in the order of $20 billion, where the rest of the money went, which was not priced by the inverted rate system.
Figure 5: Corporate cash flows and net profit returns (millions of yuan) Tracking the company ' s balance after 2016 for debt repayment and secondary market equity investments. First, the Department took over about $50 billion in sub-optimal engineering payments from the Consortium in 2016 when it acquired the River River and went to the dam, in the balance sheet.
In the form of “long-term accounts payable”, the interest rate on the loan was as high as 5 per cent, and the company basically maintained its annual rate of 10 billion dollars (including partial replacements) between 2016 and 2019, resulting in a rapid decline in financial costs, followed by secondary market equity investments, which, based on a deep understanding of the hydropower sector, have always been seen by companies as including themselves.
Since 2016, we have continued to build up hydropower companies in secondary markets, and the scale of long-term equity investments has been increasing. Under equity accounting, the return on investment = the net profits of the company invested – the shareholding ratio – has steadily increased as the shareholding ratio has increased.
And from the map of the Yangtze Valley hydroelectric plant, where the power plant is located in the lower part of the river basin, where companies buy most of the water from the upper part of the river basin, as noted above, which can help with the combined downstream movement, with sustained growth in the secondary market, the company has successfully taken up board seats in the upstream company and has given a strong impetus to the joint river basin movement.
Figure 6: Corporate financial costs (millions of yuan) Figure 7: Corporate investment returns (billions)
No, the problem is with tax incentives. We have two major tax incentives for the hydropower sector, namely, a tax refund on large hydropower, and a three-thirds reduction in the post-natal income tax on power stations, in which the tax refund on large hydropower is an accounting “government subsidy” in 2016 and before it is included in Camp.
The subject “Extra-occupational income” is included in the subject “Other gains” in 2017 and thereafter, and the company, in accordance with the principle of the pay-as-you-go basis, is in real million, leaving only 720 million in 2018 and zero in 2019. Income tax “thirty-thirty-half” is not an accounting “government grant” and directly reduces the cost of income tax.
In 2013, the majority of the crew of the two power stations, Shizuku and Shizuku, came into production, thus calculating the expiration of the income tax “three exemptions” in 2016 and the “thirty-half” in 2019. For example, in Table 4-3, the company had an annual tax expiration from 2016 to 2019.
By 2020, all of the company ' s tax benefits had expired, with no marginal negative effects, but the company ' s financial costs and investment earnings continued to contribute to the growth dynamic. The market found that the company was not a bond, that its performance had increased, and that value should be revalued for unred cash flows. So the company ' s business model could be simplified, with four power stations making annual gold.
Thirty-five billion equity cash, then at least 15 billion red money, and the rest of the money for reinvesting (the repayment of the loan is the same as when the Yangtze Power switch started its second valuation system in 2020, moving from dividends to equity cash flows. As shown in figure 8, the company will have a round of performance and double-valued upturns between May and September 2020.
Against the backdrop of the consistent expectation that the ps will continue to improve, dynamic pe does not fall back, leading to continued innovation in corporate stock prices. Figure 8: Companies wind consistently anticipates ps and dynamic pe, however, the narratives seem to be right at every point in time, but there is a key issue, each driving.
The factors that move the valuation system to conversion are very “simple” and most of them can be expected ahead of time, except for the red commitments, and it is difficult to form a strong gap in expectations, and the expected growth does not yield any excess gains.
For example, in 2016, even if the ps are so thick, even if the co-motion gains are not always so obvious, the tri-gorge group, when building the river and going to the dam, has promised to focus future electricity on the Yangtze River, and there are no bad expectations, and there is enough time for the market to melt, even if the real profitability of the asset injection is greater than expected.
The report concludes that the market will not be so ineffective. More directly, the rebuttal evidence is the trend in the share price of Kawasaki energy: there was no infusion of assets in 2016, there was no turning point in the net return profit in 2020, and it was not even as high as 2018; and there was also a new power plant, and the share was red.
The share rate is also not high, and the rate of dividends is far from keeping up with the Yangtze electricity. But, as figure 9 shows, the share price of the energy invested in Kawakami after 2016 is largely in line with the Yangtze electricity, and the market is not looking short enough to focus on the rate of dividends.
r {wacc} Depends on risks at the level of the enterprise’s operations and is independent of the capital structure, so that the capital structure does not affect the discounted present value of free cash flows, and the capital structure only affects equity values. Under the above equation, debt repayments and dividends have the same effect on equity values, i.e. debt repayments are equal to dividends, except that the former are done by reducing financial costs and increasing future profits.
“Endless” is not necessarily strictly established, but it still has considerable influence, and in a market environment for shares, the inverted price itself is a highly flawed valuation method.
The larger possibility is that there is a lower logic that drives the whole re-evaluation of the hydropower plate, and the narrative logic above is still desirable, but more a catalyst in the re-evaluation process.
There is also no problem with the market for large shares running during the cattle market. During this period, the three-thousand fleet in 2009 and the acquisition of the three-thousand underground power station in 2011-2012, the stock market in the two worlds of oxen and twilights were replaced.
The first point when the Yangtze power cut deep 300 is between the second half of 2015 and the beginning of 2016, as in figure 11, the company.
During the collapse of the market in June 2015, as a result of the restructuring of assets, the stock price after the year-end round had fallen, but if the year-end round had started in February 2016, when the big plate had stabilized, as shown in figure 12, Yangjie power would have recombined with the 300-deep trend, that is to say, a position that had been permanently saved from falling.
The second time that Yangtze's power was cut 300 deep was from March 2018 to the end of the year, as shown in figure 13, which was affected by trade frictions between China and the United States, and the depth turned 300 sharply in March 2018, with a cumulative decline of 30% by the end of the year. During this period, the Yangtze electricity was hit by a shock before September, until the fall of the fourth quarter, but it was still reaping positive gains throughout the year, with the cumulative increase rising further.
Next, as figure 14 begins with February 2019, the Yangtze power is reconnected with its depth of 300, and only between the end of 2020 and the beginning of 2021, the depth of 300 benefits from the high-sight and phased-up of the consumption, new energy, etc., but will soon rise to the point where, in December 2021, in almost three years, the Yangtze power supply will be combined.
But since January 2022, the same script has been in play for the third time, influenced by geopolitical conflicts, economic recovery has fallen below expectations, and depth 300 has fallen for two consecutive years, while electricity has continued to rise.
In fact, the Panel’s excess gains were realized in three bear markets, when the boom went up, and I didn’t fall when the boom fell. In theory, if a stock had exceeded the yield, the stock price had gone on a permanent step, then 300 recombined, suggesting that the market had eliminated a gap in expectations during that period, and that the gap had been reversed.
So what's the real difference between what's expected, what needs to be reestimated three times, and what's discovered every time when the market falls. Clearly, the difference is unlikely to come from the molecule, so the previously mentioned, whether it's income or cost, is the water and electricity plate.
In response, we believe that the financial theory in textbooks can be explained by: the risk resistance of the business model, which affects the risk premium, and the declining liquidity rate, which leads to a continuous increase in valuation levels.
According to the Markowitz portfolio theory, the pricing of a unit is determined by its position in the portfolio. The essence of the portfolio is risk pricing, a combination of multiple stocks, a combination of expected returns equal to the one unit's expected returns linearly, and a combination of expected returns less than the one unit's standard, so that a "take-over" can be created.
The benefits-risk ratio is higher than the highest “effective frontier” and the “return-risk” ratio of the effective frontier is higher than the individual assets that make up the group. Thus, regardless of the quality of the unit, the composition of the portfolio is better than that of the “return-risk” ratio, and the unit's position in the portfolio determines the price of the unit.
William Sharp built on the portfolio theory: in a balanced state, the contribution of any single stock to the portfolio should be proportional to the cost of the portfolio. The contribution of the shares to the portfolio is the rate of return, and the cost of the portfolio to the portfolio is the change in the mix.
Any stocki, assuming an expected return of r_i, the balance weight of the combination is w_i and the risk-free interest rate is r_f, which contributes to the marginal yield of the combination w_i\cdot(r_i-r_f). The cost of the combination is a combination of shares that cannot be offset by fragmentation, i.e., fluctuations that can be offset by fragmentation.
The difference between a share rate of return and a combination rate of return sigmai,m}(scillation caused by market shared risk) multiplied by a share weight w_i. So we can get that, for any stock (the ratio of the premium to the margin of the market agreement is equal to the average risk premium (r_m-r_f) and the market as a whole (r_m-r_f)
The value of the difference \sigma_m2 is: Model 3 is the famous capm model, and in short, the lower the cost of the asset. Rethinking the business model of hydropower, many investors have long classified the utility company as a stable value class asset.
But there is a fundamental difference between the business model of hydroelectric companies and highways/airports/ports/banks/consumables. On the surface, hydroelectric companies “stop water, generate electricity, sell electricity” and belong to the “rent” sector, which is no different from most infrastructure-type assets, but the problem is the driving force of operating income.
In the first place, hydropower is a small low-cost supply of end homogenization commodities. At the current level of technology, and for the foreseeable future, hydropower is the least expensive source of energy for humans. It is the only power source that meets the “no possibility triangle” of cleanness, economics and stability.
Sources are either unclean (coal), unstable (new energy) or uneconomical (gas). With the absolute advantage of physical attributes, hydropower costs are much lower than other comparable sources in the region, while electricity is homogenized for end-users, giving sufficient water and electricity security cushions, making electricity and water prices the lowest of all power source types.
Against a backdrop of stable and even expected increases in electricity prices (supply and demand tightening), rainfall is the most critical factor influencing the profits of hydroelectric companies. This is where hydropower companies are most distinctive, where profitability is decoupled from macroeconomics, and the economy does not affect rainfall, and is a very special business model worldwide.
The business model is simple, the financial statements are of a very high quality, and most management risks are eliminated. Because the business model is too simple,
The process of running a hydroelectric company is “diplomatic”, with water and electricity, without too much decision-making, water flow, current, cash flow, all coded prices, clear and verifiable (water flow with hydrological data, current with electricity grid data, cash flow with electricity grid settlements), not only producing a very high quality of financial statements, but also effectively avoiding leaks and eliminating most management risks.
The confluence effect of joint deployments can also be seen as a risk-resistant capability. With the purchase of shares in downstream power stations, investors do not have to worry about the adverse effects on existing power stations of new upstream power stations (road/railway/airport/port all need to consider potential benefits), and new power stations can only offer unilateral benefits, allowing utility companies to satisfy dcf's permanent cash flow assumptions.
So, the properties of hydropower assets are “a full range of low-concording differences.” For utility companies, hydropower returns are higher than risk-free rates and obviously contribute positively to the portfolio, but because there is little in the mix and the portfolio does not have to pay for it, the theoretical valuation of hydropower can be very high. Only at the rapid pace of economic development, are the low-concording properties.
When the external environment changes, such as financial deleveraging in the second half of 2015, economic growth dynamics shift, mid-American trade frictions in 2018, mergers and acquisitions, geopolitical conflicts in 2022, and the elimination of geopolitical conflicts.
Every word is a filter, many of the market's “low-risk, high-growth” assets fall apart, and the low-consistency properties of the tap are highlighted. Every time the market fluctuates, the perception becomes deeper, and the discount rate is lower, allowing the company to slip away slowly through the “treat race.”
The above-mentioned phenomena can also be cited as evidence of the “low risk variability” proposed by the 2013 Nobel Prize winner, Eugenefama. Because of human natural optimism, markets can easily overestimate the success rate of high-risk assets, resulting in market compensation for high-risk assets being much less than theoretically calculated.
By contrast, because markets tend to underestimate risks at the outset, do not adequately price low-risk assets, and, after a full cycle, have a higher cumulative rate of return for low-risk asset classes. At this point, we believe that the market’s revaluation of low-consistency assets, represented by Yangtze, is far from over.
According to institutional investors’ stockholding data, not only is the small percentage of land holdings in the stock market far higher than that of public funds, but it is also very rare to see companies that continued to spend more money in the north in 2023. Even though Yangjiang’s electricity has shown very strong excess returns over the past few years, and the share of public funds in the stock market has continued to rise.
At present, the Fund’s absolute holdings remain significantly low, and we believe that companies, and indeed the entire utilities block, have a long-term configuration value that may exceed the benefits of the Fund until it is evened out.
A simple estimate is that the company is expected to have a 50 billion dollar mark per year (net operating cash flow-financial cost-earning return on investment) when it stabilizes, and that the return on reinvestment of the company, assuming no less than the discount rate, can be discounted directly from the $50 billion cash flow per year. Under the business continuity scenario, the value of the company’s operating assets is equal to freedom.
Disposing cash flow/discount rate. 7 per cent of market necessary returns, discount rate for QA companies must be lower than the market average. At 6 per cent, the equity value of the company's assets = 50 billion yuan/6 per cent = 833.3 billion yuan; at 5 per cent interest value of the company
With regard to short-term profit projections, we assume that the company’s electricity prices are generally stable over the next few years, and that, in combination with the availability of water, it is expected that the company’s points will accurately reflect its own personal perceptions of the target securities and issuers.