Net gains have improved marginality, and interest margins have improved.
The net profit reduction was narrow and the growth was positive in the single quarter: in January-September 2024, the company achieved a growth rate of 3.31 per cent and 1.19 per cent, respectively, in profits. The volume of corporate credit increased.
There has been an increase in stability, a better interest-rate spread, a robust asset quality, and a narrower net profit reduction than in the first half of the year. The impact of both the lower-centre line of interest rates has been greater for both end-of-asset lending and the return on portfolio investment; and
At the end of September, the total amount of the company’s loans increased by 6.1% from the end of the previous year, and the credit portfolio rose steadily. At the end of September, the research assistant, Yuan Shijun, remained under pressure, and other activities such as leasing contributed to non-interest income growth: January-September 2024, the company did not pay.
The Department’s intermediate operating income of $29,353 million, a decrease of 13.96 per cent over the same period, was mainly due to the “one bank” of insurance charges, the continuation of the impact of the Fund’s fee reduction policy, the decline in sub-fund insurance and the Fund’s income. Among other non-interest-bearing income from other companies, other operating income, such as investment earnings and leasing, was the main contributor, and the return on investment was $20,504 million.
Improved quality of public assets and increased risk of retailing, with attention to core-level capital supplementation: up to 2024, the relative depth of 300; sustained improvement in quality; increased risk of retail lending; and a negative rate of 1.49 per cent for public and private loans, respectively
The State plans to issue a special national debt to supplement the core-level capital of the World Bank, which is expected to raise the level of sufficient capital in the public sector, and to increase the capacity to invest in credit. The investment proposal is that the company is the only state-owned company based in Shanghai, with significant advantages for the home.
Financial ease, technology finance, wealth finance, and green finance have developed in depth. Credit has grown steadily, retail transformation has continued to progress, and integrated operations have been shown to be effective. Assets are of good quality, risk offsets have increased, and capital adequacy is expected to increase further. The dividends are stable, and dividends are higher.
In January-September 2024, the company achieved operating income of 1961.23 million yuan, a decrease of 139 per cent in the same year; the parent ' s net profit of $68.69 billion was better, the asset was of good quality, and the net profit cut was narrower than in the first half of the year.
At the same time, the firm was well-pricingly managed and interest differentials remained resilient. At the end of September 2024, the total amount of the company’s loans was higher than at the end of the previous year; individual loans grew by 6.33% compared to the end of the previous year. At the end of September, the company’s deposits increased by 2.06% compared to the end of the previous year; and the deposit was periodically modified.
Figure 5: Size and pace of growth of transport bank loans Remains under pressure, other business contributions such as rents increase non-interest income IV. Optimization of the quality of public assets, increased retail risk, attention to core-level capital replenishment
7bp, down by 8bp from 2024h1. Specifically, the quality of public loan assets continues to be optimized, and retail loan risk has increased, with negative rates of loans to public and private loans of 1.49% and 1.09% respectively, compared to the previous year ' s end-16bp and +27bp respectively.
Figure 16: Coverage of transport banks, Figure 17: Adequate capital of transport banks. The company is the only State-owned company based in Shanghai, with significant advantages. Inclusive finance, trade finance, science and technology finance, wealth money.
There is a steady growth in credit, a steady increase in retail transformation, and an increase in integrated business performance. Assets are of sound quality, with increased risk offset capacity, and capital adequacy is expected to increase further. The dividends are stable, with higher dividends.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.