Short-term performance pressure, orderly expansion of polyurethane dragons, basic chemical industry, chemical products, out-of-service expenditure of $1.14 billion, an increase of 156 per cent over the same period, mainly due to fixed assets and construction in progress.
End-of-life losses have increased, and the impairment and end-of-life components have delayed their performance. During the reporting period, the Wanhua Penglai base was successfully operational with a number of devices, while sales of the company’s main products have increased on a year-on-year basis, while prices of the products have fallen, while the Māori have decreased, and the net profits from the first quarter’s harvest and repatriation have declined on a year-on-year basis.
Polyurethane plate collection and sales have increased and demand as a whole has been weak. In the first quarter of 2025, the company collected $18.43 billion, yield/distribution amounted to 1474.45 million tons, a year-on-year increase, and the ring was down. Prices for the polyurethane series were stable and low in 2024, and pure mdi was consumed.
The effects of the slowdown in the growth rate; the rise in refrigerator freezer demand as a result of the stimulus of the home power subsidy policy in the second half of the year; the benefits of the tdi from downstream home-based export-led; and the increased competition in the industry despite smooth domestic demand and export growth of the soft bubble polyethers.
Precipitation levels are still low. In the first quarter of 2025, the company collected $16.32 billion in petrochemical plates, yielding or selling 141.13 million tons.
The overall profits of the petrochemical industry are still low. On April 3, 2025, the Volcano Ethylene II project, 1.2 million tonnes/yrene device, was successfully driven.
In 2024, tpu3 chemistry (60,309.sh) - global mdi plants increased prices, demand supported projects, poe, peba, polycarbonate diols (pcdl) were put into production and expanded effectively.
“McT (600309.sh) — three quarters of net profit from motherhood, new projects steadily pushing production lines; and “Mc and Xlpe” projects in 2025, which are planned to be launched and will further refine product structure. “McT (600309.sh) — second quarter of profit and ring drops, new projects are steady
The company’s core product, polyurethane, is expanding in an orderly manner. The company’s mdi and tdi’s annual production capacity are now 380 and “Multi-Wald Chemical (600309.sh) - Building Special Polyolefins Project, ethane Material Guarantee of 1.11 million tons, which is the world’s best available source.
“Multichemicals (600309.sh)—The stage-poe device was successfully driven, and the national production process was completed in May of that year, when mdi and tdi will have capacity of 450 and 1.44 million tons, respectively. Investment proposals: companies as taps in the polyurethane industry, have an orderly expansion of capacity, but due to weak downstream demand,
During the reporting period, the Wanhua Penglai base was successfully operational with multiple sets of devices, with a year-on-year increase in sales of the company’s main products, but a year-on-year decline in product prices, and a year-on-year decline in net profits from the first quarter’s harvest and repatriation.
Figure 2: MSW net profit (millions) Figure 4: MSW net profit (millions) Figure 5: MMW net interest rate
Figure 6: MFW Chemical Marketing, Management, R & D, Financial Cost Rates Figure 7: MSQ Mäori, Net Interest Rates Figure 8: MSQ Marketing, Management, R & D, Financial Cost Rates
Polyurethane plate collection and sales have increased by the same amount and overall demand is weak. The market price for pure mdi/polymdi/tdi/flexible polyether in the first quarter of 2025 was approximately 1.90/1.70/1.45/0.9 million yuan, respectively. Pure mdi was affected by the slowdown in consumption; and polymer mdi was required for refrigerator freezers as a result of electricity subsidy policy stimulus in the second half of the year.
In 2024, the production of freezers rose by 13.30 per cent in comparison, the production of domestic refrigerators by 8.3 per cent in comparison and the export of refrigerators by 19.7 per cent in comparison.
During the first quarter of 2025, the average market price for pure mdi/polymdi/tdi/flexible polyether was approximately 1.90/1.70/1.25/0.82 million tonnes, respectively, as a result of the down season effect of spring holidays.
(b) Soft polyethers are not supported by sufficient price support due to seasonally low car-household consumption and fluctuations in the cost of overlaying raw materials.
Figure 10: Māori (millions of yuan) on the Huenhua chemical plate Figure 11: Price-to-price differential for polymer mdi (RM/t) Figure 12: Price-to-price differential for pure mdi (RM/t)
Figure 13: price-to-price differential ($/tonne) Figure 14: Māori rate of the 10,000-watt chemical plates Figure 15: Year-on-month ratio of production of refrigerators and freezers in China (%)
In the first quarter of 2025, the company collected $16.32 billion in petrochemical plates (the same year, influenced by international oil price fluctuations and weak demand from downstream petrochemicals, the petrochemical industry, despite a slight recovery, still has a relatively low overall profit level. On April 3, 2025, 1.2 million tons of chemical-smoking plants were established in Manhua.
ethylene ethylene ethylene products successfully produced by ethylene ethylene devices and ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene
Several projects have been put into operation to effectively expand the production capacity and product lines; the production of the 2025 ms and xlpe projects is planned to further improve the product structure. 4.5 million tons of coal, 9.13 million tons of propane and butane.
The gravity shock went up, with an average annual price of $8,300 per ton, an increase of 14 per cent in the same year; coal, due to both domestic production and imports, with a loose supply and demand structure, with an average cost of 5,000 kilocalories of powered coal, a decline of 11 per cent in the same year; propane, butane, with a narrow fluctuation, with an average annual cost of $610/607 per ton of cppropane/butane, an increase of 6 per cent/ton in the same year.
In the first quarter of 2025, the average price of pure benzene fell to $7,438 per ton, a decline of 10 per cent in the same year; coal prices continued the downward trend, with an average cost of 5,000 large coal-powered cards of $640 per ton, a decrease of 20 per cent in the same year; and cppropane/butane, a decline in the same price, with a moderate overall volatility.
Polyurethane products have expanded in an orderly manner, with the acquisition of French Hdi giants to expand globalization, and the company core product polyurethane has expanded in an orderly manner. Mdi and tdi are the company core products. By the end of 2024, MSD and tdi had 3.8 million tons and 1,110,000 tons, respectively, of annual production capacity, which is the highest in the world.
In an orderly move, the Van Houthi mdi technology transfer project is expected to add 700,000 tons of capacity by the second quarter of 2026, and the second set of 330,000 tons of Tdi project is expected to be completed by May 2025, when the total capacity of mdi and tdi will reach 4.5 million tons and 1.44 million tons, respectively.
In accordance with the decision of the French Commercial Court of Lyon, on April 10, Huanhua chemistry completed the acquisition of the French Hdi Head Conjugate (vencorex), including its core production base in France, through its Hungarian subsidiary, Borsodchem (bc).
Previously, the Vancorex plant had been in bankruptcy since September 10th, 2024. The acquisition was beneficial for the expansion of the European market by all-China chemistry, taking advantage of the channels and brands in the European market, raising the market share in Europe and further expanding the global layout; and local production bases.
Land and storage facilities help to improve the efficiency of the operation, supply chain flexibility, and the intellectual property rights (IPRs) that strengthen the technical barriers and enhance the competitiveness of the industry. Once they have been acquired, the leadership of the special sector will be consolidated, and trade risks will be reduced to some extent.
The Chinese-American trade friction partly affected the company’s ability to operate US-plus tariff shock mdi exports. The United States increased its import tariffs on China, resulting in a significant reduction in China’s aggregate mdi exports to the United States.
Companies or their subsidiaries abroad have reduced their losses to the US, while expanding their overseas production and distribution, further developing non-American markets, and promoting hedge risks for mdi-differentiated products (e.g. special isocyanate, etc.). China’s counter-tariff control affects the economics of the company’s ethane project.
Since then, China has increased its tariff rate on all imports originating in the United States to 125%. The company's ethylene-based production of ethylene is mainly imported from the United States, and the import costs of ethylene under high tariffs have increased or decreased, resulting in higher costs or a contraction in the supply of ethylene-based production, affecting the ethylene project.
Economic and supply stability of raw materials. Figure 17: Imports and exports of China ' s polymer mdi (tonnes) Figure 18: Imports and exports of China ' s pure mdi (tonnes)
Investment recommendations: the company, as the leader of the polyurethane industry, has an orderly expansion of production capacity, but due to weak downstream demand, the author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future