Performance is in line with expectations, with sustained growth in source innovation: business income of $22.82 billion, an increase of 7.26 per cent in the same year; net profit of $4.1441 million, an increase of 21.46 per cent in the same year; corporate revenue of $5.998 billion in the first quarter of 2024, an increase of 9.20 per cent in the same year;
RMB, of which $4,954 million was spent on cost-effective research and development. In 2023, the company had 3 innovative drugs of type 1 (Adebéléi single, Rigretine phosphate, Otconazine), 4 new drugs of type 2 (right-right metomic snuff spray, amitron acetic acetic acetic acetylene crystals, Illidate lycephate, stunglium net dimethylacrylic semen)
To date, the company has been awarded 15 innovative drugs of 1 type and 4 new drugs of 2 type on the national market, covering various treatment areas such as anti-cancer, pain anesthesia, metabolic diseases, infectious diseases, etc. In addition, the cost of 3 innovative drugs in Rivirum, Dar Silly, and Honggle has been officially implemented, with the average price falling.
65%, meeting the clinical needs of more patients, and further widening the income contribution. For generic pharmaceuticals, the second batch involved the injection of purple sapol (teprotein combination), the impact of the acetic acetic acetic aberrations due to the failure of most provinces to win and lower prices. The sales fell by $702 million in 2023, and the seventh.
In 2023, the company continued to refine the chemicals that have been established, including polythium, protac, mono/double antibodies, adc, mini-nucleic acid, nuclear, etc.
Technology platform, with initial multi-specific antibodies, dual-resistant adc platforms, active exploration of new molecular model platforms such as pdc, aoc, dac, mrna, and attempts to explore structural biology, ai drug research and development platforms. With support from new technology platform and the efforts of research and development teams, companies are constantly producing innovative competitive products.
The company’s adc platform has 11 new and differentiated adc molecules that have been successfully approved, with the company’s autonomous anti-her2adc product shr-a1811, the American Cancer Research Association.
At its 2023rd session, the Congress (aacr), for the first time, released data from a global multi-centre I clinical study of late-stage real tumors, showing competitive data, and shr-a1811 has now included five adaptive disorders in the list of breakthrough treatment varieties.
It's the world's first lipomer Krasg12d inhibitor with a target supply, different permeability and a high permeability residual effect to passive target to oncology tissue, controlled continued drug release and other excellent pharmacological properties, and its i-phase clinical study was successfully selected for the 2023esmo Congress, which is the global oral report.
The first krasg12d inhibitor to disclose clinical efficacy data. Investment proposal: considering the company ' s rich R & D pipelines, which will continue to be realized in the future, contributing to the increase in performance, we report three quarterly reviews of Heung Swe ' s Medicine: steady growth in performance, creation
This report is presented independently and objectively, with a clear and accurate view of my research. Any part of my remuneration has not been available in the past.
Sun Yi, a double master of pharmaceutical engineering at Nanjing University/University of New South Wales in business analysis, was employed on civil securities in 2021, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2023, and was mainly involved in the presentation of the report to its customers by China’s Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities need not be considered a customer by the recipient as a result of the receipt of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.