2023 and 2024: Innovative drug revenues continue to increase, the internationalization process progresses steadily
New drugs, 4 new drugs, 4 new drugs, 2 new drugs, covering various treatment areas, such as anti-cancer, pain anesthesia, metabolic diseases, infectious diseases, etc. In 2023, the income from innovative drugs amounted to $10,637 million (+22.1%, excluding adc, which was declared on the market around mid-year, and is expected to be approved next year.
Leaning, the share of income from innovation drugs is expected to continue to grow, becoming an important engine for growth in corporate performance.  Overseas authorizations and overseas clinical harvests steadily advanced the internationalization process: in 2023, the company entered into 5 foreign licensing transactions, including parp1 inhibitors, claudin 18.2adc, tslp monolitics
Heung Swe Medicine (600276), mid-2023, etc., with a total transaction of over US$ 4 billion. Several production evaluations, including her3adc, are expected this year: Back on the Growth Track, Innovative Medicines External Authorization.
The product is expected to be authorized overseas, and the global value of the innovative drug is being realized. Carrell Pearl Unit A Padeni has completed a global multi-clinic treatment for terminal liver cancer and has been processed by a global multi-clinic, pdufa day adc, cd79badc, nectin-4adc, etc.
Heung Swe Medicine (600276) 2022 and 2023, steadily advancing the process of internationalization.
Protac, molecular glue, adc, bi-/multi-specific antibodies, ai molecular design, t, etc. rich technological platforms are built, and new products are expected to be rolled out to the clinical stage on a continuous basis. Multiply. As a result of: 1) sustained implementation of innovation results, there is a steady increase in performance driven; 2) sustained advancement of bd
The three major financial forecasting tables for Heung Swe medicine The monetary units of the data are the renminbi, and Dong Wu Securities Inc., which has been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.