Heung Swe Medicine (600276) Medicine biology Innovative drug revenues are growing rapidly, and the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre continues to strengthen the source of innovation.
(+7.26%), net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies amounting to $4.302 billion (+10.14%), sustained approval of innovation results, and solid overall growth in income from innovation. The impact of generic pharmaceutical collections was gradually taxed, excluding income from foreign licences, and the second batch involved a 22.1% increase in the same year.
Protein combinations, acetic acetic acetic atropine, influenced by factors such as failure to win and fall prices in most of the provinces for the renewal of the contract, annual innovations continue to fall:
The company has accumulated 15 items in the national market for new adaptive disorders: the 9th adaptive disorder against the Kareli Pearl Act and the 3rd adaptive disorder against Apateni (the 2nd one-line treatment for late-stage liver cancer): the 3rd analytic acupuncture disorder (combined tortues) for the malatisfaction.
Single-anti-Gadosi front line for her2 positive re-emerging/transferable breast cancer; Dalsili 2 aptness (combined thorium or anthophylene first line for hr positive, her2 negative relapsing or late transfer of breast cancer); 2 aptness for right-right mestomic nose spray (for children aged 2-6 years)
(c) Clinical advances: 12 clinical advances up to the stage of hysteria, 35 clinical advances up to the stage of hysteria and 30 clinical advances up to the stage of hysteria.
• Continuing to build new technological platforms leading the industry and strengthening source-based innovation. Companies are continuously refining established technological platforms for mature chemicals (with polytherms, protacs, mono/double antibodies, adc drugs, small nucleic acids, nuclear drugs, etc., 1. Heung Swe medicines (600276): cldn18.2adc
Initially, multi-specific antibodies, dual-resistant adc platforms were built, and new molecular model platforms such as pdc, aoc, dac, mrna and parp1 authorized to go to sea, internationalized intensive delivery were actively explored, and attempts were made to develop platforms such as structural biology, ai drug research and development.
(2023-11-02) 11 new and differentiated adc molecules have been successfully approved for clinical treatment, and Shr-a1811 has now included five adaptive disorders in the list of breakthrough treatment varieties.
2. Heung Swe Medicines (600276): A steady growth in performance, with inhibitors made of fat-coated packages, the world ' s first lipid-based Krasg12d inhibitor. New and internationalized rapid advances (2023-10-26)
Heung Swe Medicines (600276): The return to the upward path of performance and the impending change in internationalization remain the preferred option for domestic investment in innovative medicines, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Sea, the next city for internationalization (2023-08-16) is a long way from new and internationalization (2023-04-28).
15 1-type innovative drugs, with the introduction of new drugs such as Dalcillides, Rivirum, Adberli mono-resistant, Otconan, etc., and pd-1 mono-resistant, gradually expanding the adaptation of medicines already on the market, assuming an increase in sales in 2024-2026 Assuming that: 2 anaesthesia will have a reduced collection effect after 2023, and with the continued release of new products such as Rimar sulfon,
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.