Performance is controlled by the epidemic, and the future of products is vastly spaced South-West Securities Research and Development Centre Summary of performance: the company achieved 1.2 billion yuan in operating income in the first half of 2020, an increase of 2.3 per cent over the same period last year;
The net profit was $650 million, an increase of 6.4 per cent over the same period last year; performance was controlled by the epidemic, and operations proceeded in an orderly manner. The q2 company generated $550 million, compared to the previous year, and the spread abroad created many obstacles to the company’s business development.
Sip desktop communication terminal operations generated $950 million, a 6.1 per cent drop in the same year, while the epidemic also boosted demand for videoconferencing products, with company conference products generating $200 million, a 41.5 per cent increase in the same year, and a new crown.
Rehabilitate, make full use of the company’s self-researched cloud platform, maintain efficient communication with its customers, both within and outside the country, steadily advance its operations and do its utmost to reduce the impact of the epidemic on the company’s business performance.
The share of sales proceeds is 8.7 per cent, with companies accounting for nearly 50 per cent of their R & D technicians. At the same time, companies continue to invest heavily in the ongoing product R & D process in a number of operations: 1) desktop communication terminals, accelerate the roll-out of new systems, new machines and new functions, and ensure that software versions can be upgraded at the highest possible speed.
In terms of conference products, the input of former Vcs high-quality videoconferencing products continues to rise at a high rate, starting at three different levels: basic R & D, product R & D, market support, and ensuring that technology and product improvements, and market opening objectives are supported by resources.
In 2019, the cloud office product, the smart terminal for personal mobile office settings, was launched to meet high-quality audio-visual communication needs in individual settings and to further enhance the integrity of corporate solutions.
It has also enabled individuals to move their office terminals remotely to gain wider market recognition, product demand has grown rapidly, and the sales of cloud office lines have grown by more than 180%, reaching $400 million. The net return profit over the next three years will reach a compound growth rate of 21.8%.
The impact has gradually slowed, and the demand for cloud office end products has continued to increase, covering the first time that a “holding” rating has been given. 1 Company is the provider of a unified communications solution based on audio-visual communications, and the company's main product consists of one-stop shops.
In the area of corporate communications, companies have a global reach of corporate-level clients, ranging from usb terminals, tip terminals, to videoconferencing systems, and terminals. In recent years, companies have initiated research and development on public cloud platforms, ranging from audio to video to data, in addition to continuously improving their private deployment systems and terminals.
Advanced product technology, and companies are becoming autonomously able to provide complete and unified communications solutions covering terminals and systems. In terms of revenue structure, the company's main business is the three main segments of the supply terminal, Vcs video terminal and dect wireless terminal, which in 2019 accounted for 70.7 per cent, 13.3 per cent and 12.4 per cent respectively, compared to the company's Māori structure.
Sip terminals, vcs terminals and dect wireless terminal operations account for 69.5 per cent, 15.2 per cent and 11.6 per cent of the total, respectively, while sip terminal operations account for the largest share of corporate revenue and contribute the bulk of Māori.
Assumption 1: The first six months of the company’s hit by the epidemic have declined, but the impact of the epidemic in the second half of the year is within the bounds of control as companies gradually recommence and adjust their strategies. The company’s share of the market was 29.5% last year, with the city’s share rising for the third year in a row worldwide and year after year.
Assumption 2: The epidemic has catalysed the tele-office industry, company videoconferencing system operations received a large number of orders in the first half of the year, with a 41.5 per cent increase in conference products in the first half of the year. The business is expected to remain stable in the future as remote office progresses rapidly.
Audio-visual communication needs further upgrade the integrity of corporate solutions, the rapid growth of cloud office terminals in the first half of the year, and the increase of 180% in the same year. Cloud office terminals are only part of the unified communications business, and their rapid growth will be a steady increase in unified communications operations, assuming an increase of 60%, 50%, 50%, and 50% in 2020-2022;
Assumption 4: The non-corporately owned operations of spare parts operations are expected to remain stable at a steady pace as firms gradually develop a scale effect in the industry. We select three comparable companies in the telecommunications equipment industry, and three comparable companies in the main business are similar to the billion-dollar network.
It's all based on communications end products, and there's a future trend to engage in cloud office, with an average value of 39 times that of the three companies in 2020. Given the large volume of orders that companies are expected to place in the face of rising demand from overseas epidemics to and from cloud office terminals, we think the value of companies will be higher than the industry average.
Table 2: Comparison companies are valued at a composite growth rate of 21.8%. Given the gradual slowdown in the second half of the year in the impact of the epidemic, demand for cloud office end products continues. No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly for any of the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.