(a) Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco, five-food fluids: high performance in the first quarter, when the volume rises at full cost, yielding sales revenue of 1.75 billion yuan in 2019, an increase of 26.57 per cent over the same period;
A net profit of $6.475 billion was achieved, an increase of 30.26 per cent over the same period.Cluster demand was high, opening doors were high, sales were high before the spring, and the five-year plan for the fluids was to release 23 million tons, or +15 per cent, this year.
15 000 tonnes of classic 5-year-old food fluid, 56% of 7-day-pup, 8,400-tonne (worker price $789), and the dealer has completed the loan. We expect delivery progress in the first quarter to be over 80% of the 7-day-p-5 total, while the 7-generation-pump-pump (worker price 859) implements the quota of 9% (1350).
By the end of March, it is estimated that the loan has been made and the shipment has not yet been delivered. Some distributors, 1618 plus low, have completed their annual payments during the spring season, and the delivery is faster than P5.
Total stock/flow (millions of shares) post-prison counter-offer measures, with a steady increase in prices for one group and a steady increase in prices for the next group of five groups, which are now available in the East and South China regions.
Five grain fluids (000858) Change dividend at dawn, between 850 and 860. A strong batch of prices is mainly related to several factors: (1) post-spring distributors stock at a lower level: (2) eighth-fifth-largest food producer price and final retail price will be higher
Five grain fluids (000858) "The normal price of demand is flat, there is a big increase in P5 and the distributors are willing to sell; and (3) the marketing theatres after the festival are stable and change supports future growth. "
Dealers meet to implement specific counter-price measures to reasonably control the pace of delivery in the Old P5 market - 2018/10/29. - Strict investigation of illegal collusion disrupts price dealers and direct termination of cooperation by serious persons.
"The first half of the year's performance is high, and recently, it's a big fight against market chains and illegal sales, and it's a big push, and it's a key thing for the second half of the year."
A total of 15 dealers (proprietary stores), 1 ka store and 16 terminal shops were fined, including termination of cooperation with 11 illegal dealers (proprietary stores).
Under a series of initiatives, P5 prices have risen steadily, and it is expected that P5 prices will stand at $900 to prepare for the launch of the 8D5 in June.
To benefit from the speed with which high-end alcohol is being delivered, companies cut off low-end diluted brand products in order to increase the price of 1618, low-level five-food fluids, 2019q1 selling 75.78 per cent of Māori, compared to April this year's company's request for “vvv”, “ptvip”, “Five-food fluids”, “Eudoko”,
Four brands of 1918 have been set aside for 22 products, requiring operators and specialized stores selling the above products to clean up, and any sales of the above products must be dropped and stopped. The company’s “condensed focus” product strategy has been further clarified, highlighting the main brand “1+3” in the future.
This year, the stock company’s revenue target of $50 billion, a 25% increase, helped the group achieve hundreds of millions of dollars.
Mark. The Open-ended Five provides a good basis for growth throughout the year. We expect this year's revenue to increase mainly from high-end liquor, which, after a rapid increase last year, will enter the year when the quality of growth is improved and the structure is adjusted, and the overall rate of growth is expected to be relatively high.
The company's sales fell short of expectations, and in the second half of the year there was a big problem with the marketing of new items.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report