Incidents: The company issued a first-quarter report in 2019. Total operating income of $17.59 billion was realized in the first quarter of 2019, representing an increase of 26.57 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother of $6.475 billion, representing an increase of 30.26 per cent over the same period; net deductions were realized
Performance continued to increase rapidly. Corporate collections of 2019q1 increased by 26.57 per cent and net return profits of 30.26 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period. Bank receipts of 2018q1, q2, q3 and q4 increased by 36.8 per cent, 37.7 per cent and 23.2 per cent, respectively.
The company’s combined Māori rate increased by 2.59 percentage points to 75.78 per cent in the first quarter of 2019, mainly benefiting from an increase in average prices; the cost rate increased by 0.18 percentage points in the same period.
The company will continue to work around one project, three systems, and three platforms. One project, the “Manufacturing in hundreds of cities” project, has almost completed the first phase of terminal screening, archives development; the project is now in its second phase, mainly the digitalization of the terminal.
Currently, consultancy planning has been completed and is expected to be launched by June this year. Three systems are product (brand) systems, channel systems, and team systems.
Intergenerational end-marketing and precision marketing transformations. Team systems will increase marketing system changes. Three platforms, namely, the Digital Logistics Platform, the All-Channel Internet Digitalization Platform, and the Strategic Marketing Decision Platform, are designed to achieve $60 billion in revenue and $30 billion in profits by 2020.
As a result of the overperformance of the quarter, we have raised the forecast of the company's profits, and the “market index” of this rating system has been referred to by 300 indexes of depth.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.