In the first quarter of 2019, the company received 1.59 billion dollars, an increase of 26.57 per cent in net profits.
6475 million, an increase of 30.26 per cent over the same period, Māori rate of 75.78 per cent, an increase of 2.59 pct over the same year, the cost of beneficiary products, the impact of increased production and sales (20-30 per cent over the spring season) and 32.7 per cent over the same period, while technological reserves and research and development increased the cost of R & D.
This is an increase of 124.57%, due to interest income, lower financial costs, and combined effects, the company is affected by spring events. At the current market, the supply of the huts is strained and the seventh-day-five is about to be eliminated, and the combined effect of these two factors has led to rising prices for the P5 terminal, which is now the seventh-generation five-generation food fluid.
In addition, the market stock is low and, according to microscopic information, at the end of April, five grains had been released in excess of 10,000 tons, while the dealer’s physical inventory was only 7 per cent below the stock alert and was on a downward trend in the second half of the year.
A new generation of P5s will be on the market, and the value of the benefits is expected to rise throughout the year. In addition, in recent times, companies have become more active in their channels and products, disqualifying 11 distributors and reducing the number of series of alcoholics.
In summary, maintaining previous profit projections, the company is expected to realize net profits separately from 2019 to 2020.
This report is prepared by the Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of the Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. This report cannot be copied or re-issued or printed for any purpose. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the data used to compile the report is reliable, but this report has not been independently validated.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy and integrity of the report, or any written assurance, or any responsibility or obligation to do so. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and associated companies may take any action on the basis of information or research prior to receiving the report. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report. The information and comments on the report may or will be changed without prior notice. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may or will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
The certificate described in the report (i) @ agrees or stands, or buys, sells or offers the certificate described in the report.