Quick growth in 19q1 performance is boosted by the speed of distribution through channels, and the five-food fluids (000858) is reported in the first quarter of 2019.
The company published a quarterly report on 28 February 2019, during which it achieved operating income/net return profits of RMB 179 billion, or RMB 6475 million, corresponding to +26.57 per cent/+30.26 per cent, and basic EPS 1.67 per cent.
The highest/lowest 19q1.5 grain fluids in the last 12 months earned 1.59 billion yuan in operating income, compared with +26.57%, and the fastest-growing income was the first line of white wine. The rapid increase in income was the result of the acceleration in the marketing of the five-food fluids brand during the Spring Festival.
We believe that the current base of the five grains is now in the current round of white.
Best since the recovery of the liquor cycle. Rapid growth of major brand products boosts the Māori rate and real net sales interest rates close to 40% \triangleright
The overall Māori rate of 19q1 is 75.78%, the same year +2.59ppt, the highest level in the single quarter since the second half of the 14th century. The 19q15 food fluids have been judged to have continued the trend for 18 years, with high-priced wines, especially five-food fluids, growing significantly faster than low-priced main brands.
The increase has contributed to a positive net interest rate of 38.72%, compared to +1.21 ppt. Because a donation of $100 million was recorded as out-of-service expenditure during the reporting period, the company’s net interest rate of 19q1 would otherwise be over 40%.
Sticking to the thin brand, focusing on the product systems 1+3 and 4+4 by the end of 2018, the company launched a brand thinner scheme, initiated the clean-up of total distribution products that are harmful to the five-food liquid brands, gradually addressing competition between total distribution products and self-employed monolithics, and focused its resources on building “1+3”
In April, the group officially promulgated such documents as the “Five Grains” brand development and clearance standards, and the “Five Grain Group branding and product development and clean-up” standards, which provide a comprehensive overhaul of existing brands and product structures, with classification moving forward in a step-by-step manner.
The clean-up of some of the large-scale development products has been a short-term drag on the income side, but firm corporate commitment to the thinning-up program has been instrumental in effectively avoiding dilution of the value of the five-food fluid brands, and has been very beneficial to the long-term development of the company. The 7-Dip-Five-Sun Festival is off-the-shelf, and the 8-D-P-5 is expected to be optimistic.
1. Industry depth report: High: In June this year, the eighth-generation-five will be fully marketed, with an expected price of 8-Dap-5 at approximately 889-end liquor, with a focus on sub-high name and alcohol.
In view of the ideal de-diversion of the 7-Dip-5 stock during the Spring Festival, the distribution ratio (56% 7-generation, 9% high-quality real estate wine, 35% 8-generation) is around $830 a year for distributors, and the current channel price has risen.
2. People ' s Food and Drinks Strategy 2019: Turn off 1618 and low 5 grain fluids in the second half of the year, which is expected to be the core driving force behind the growth of high-end sales, and only 5250 tons in the 8th Generation P5 year, so its core task is to maintain a strong price to repair the dealer ' s profits.
The chances of achieving nominal parities in Dip Five are rising, below industry-wide levels, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Economic downturns drag demand, bulk prices fall short of expectations, food security, etc.
In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Association of China, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking to be objective, impartial, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.