The Chinese car q2 performance ring has improved significantly, and the business structure has continued to optimize.
Companies are expected to improve their domestic and foreign operations gradually, contributing to their performance. Companies are expected to improve their efficiency and performance by continuously optimizing their business structures through such measures as buying and selling.
The decrease of 13.9 per cent is mainly due to lower costs of wage benefits and office operations; the decrease of 13.0 per cent in R & D costs, mainly due to lower costs of technology development and wage benefits; an increase of 267.1 per cent in financial costs, mainly due to lower interest expenditure and income and an increase of 140 million in exchange losses; and four rates of 11.7 per cent
Continuously optimizing the business structure is expected to improve efficiency and performance. The company has recently announced that the company, Longsword Motors, Inc., has largely completed the acquisition of delays held by the United States Aidet Corporation.
A car interior system, Inc., has a 30% stake and will hold a 100% share interest. The long-line automobile is the world’s largest inner packaging supplier, and this acquisition will help companies independently develop the global interior industry and improve the efficiency of their operations abroad.
The company continues to optimize its business structure through such measures as acquisition, sale, etc., and is expected to increase its efficiency and gradually improve its performance. Intelligentity and electrodynamics continue to advance, with prospects for the future.
Blank line construction to achieve a stable supply of uplifts, uplifts, and access to power-drilling units supported by an Ann Global Motors platform; and a GSM power-drive project in Washington, DC, to obtain GTA power-driven motor platforms, which is expected to reach mass meb by the fourth quarter of 2020
In terms of intelligence, the millimetre wave radar achieves a mass supply of the upper-air vehicle, the upper-air vehicle, the upper-air gas, the standard market price of August 26, 2020 for customers such as Chase, the upper-air type of Mitsubishi, the Golden Dragonbus, and so on, forward-to-millimeter wave radar and camera.
The 1r1v technology program, like head integration, accelerates industrialization and develops the next generation of smart cabin systems in collaboration with the general public, Audi, BMW, and whole-of-the-car customers. The Chinese Automobile – which is largely in line with expectations, smart electric movables, etc.
As a result of the new coronary epidemic, we adjusted our performance projections and projected higher costs for each share of the company, from 2020 to 2022, such as the Chinese automobiles - performing well, smart electric space households 1) cars sold below expectations; 2) products significantly reduced prices; and 3) raw materials.
Chinese-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.