Options for the consumption of automobiles and auto parts have affected short-term performance overseas, with no loss of bottom tap value: the company published its semi-annual report in 2020, and the company collected 53,622 million yuan in the first half of the year.
The overseas epidemic affects q2 performance and recovery is somewhat less advanced than industry. As a global zero supplier, about 20% of the company’s operations are overseas, with two-quarters of the overseas epidemic increasing its impact on production and demand, and overseas operations are expected to cause a certain drag on the company’s performance.
The overall recovery has been slower than in the industry, but the company’s position as the leader of the industry has not changed, the product and client groups have not been damaged, and the advantages of the size of the industry as a whole will be re-emerging once the industry has recovered.
Total equity/flow (millions) The Māori ratio remains low and autonomy is further enhanced.
The section looks at a certain loss in electronics and heat processing, which is causing a certain drag on performance.
It is almost complete, and in the future it will achieve full ownership of the long-line interior system.
The system-wide and fully autonomous control of components such as interiors is expected to further advance the continuous improvement of the one-season ring ratio in the relevant industrial chain, with downstream integration to enhance business efficiency and efficiency.
Electro-Intelligent Conservancy Ready - 2020/04/12 Volkswagen (600741), q3 Q3 Quarterly Ring Improvement, Tesla+meb, two major star industry chains, and intelligent products are increasing.
The new energy boom is expected to continue on its course. Tesla's Shanghai factory will be successfully launched after delivery.
A public meb platform order for power-driven system operations is expected to release and contribute to production in four quarters.
77ghz forward-mm Bore has achieved the supply of the Golden Dragonbus, the new energy vehicle type associated with the G-gas General Mitsubishi, and explores the creation of a full functionality covering millimetre wave radars, cameras and data integration Investment proposal: company as a tap for car parts, product class comprehensive and downstream client excellence
Qualitative, short-term pressure does not change the status of a leader, and the advantage of scale will rediscover when the industry recovers.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.