Chinese car (600741); sale of wire beams
The company issued an announcement stating that the wholly-owned subsidiary Shanghai Business Transport and Electrical Company Limited signed the Framework Agreement with Lear Corporation. According to the agreement, business traffic is to be paid at the RMB 626 million.
The company is a spare parts group under the flag of the upper steam group, which sells the spare parts package to Lei China, which it owns (hereinafter: New Energy, Metal Model and Modifiers, Electronics, Electronics, Electronics, Electronics, Electronics, etc.)
Functional keys, interior and interior accessories, and heat-processing units are six large plates. The main business of Lear's business is car wires, and the customers are mainly the entire garage under the flag of the upper steam group.
For the next three to six months, we think that, by actively combing their operations, the Chinese automobile will focus on the company in the new energy car speciality.
The overall profitability is expected to increase. The future of the wire beam industry is variable. The high pressure beams differ greatly from the traditional low-pressure beams because of their performance requirements, and they differ somewhat from the traditional beam industry.
Traditional foreign investors such as Teco and Amberford continue to have advantages, while private firms such as Quanshan Xiao Guang are growing rapidly. However, Lear Industries has fewer products in high-pressure wire beams. In the context of industry clean-up, it is more difficult to catch up.
Car beams are either significantly simplified or significantly reduced, with the possibility of a significant contraction in the low-pressure beam industry. Tesla model3 has a half-length reduction in the length of beams compared to models. In the future, car beams will be further optimized with the spread of ota and domain controllers and the pressing need for light quantification.
Compared to small and medium-sized spare parts enterprises that are equally valued, companies are more certain about business development after consolidation and maintain a “recommended” rating.
At a time when the country’s new energy traffic has been growing at a temporary low rate, the industry has increased its integration. At this point, it is hoped that China’s cars will be able to get out of the new energy business, which is limited and growing in doubt.
The wire beams are the carrier that connects all car electronics systems, corresponding to the nerve of the vehicle. The wires are divided mainly into new energy motors.
High-pressure beams and low-pressure beams for other parts. The performance requirements of high-pressure beams are very different from those of traditional low-pressure wires, and there are certain differences in industry patterns from those of traditional beams. Loads on high-pressure beams can be as high as 600v, with high insulation requirements and high heat-resistant flame-retardance requirements.
For example, Tesla reduced the length of the model3 beam from 3 km in Models to 1.5 km, based on a unique electronic structure and domain division.
However, the cost and weight of the long wire beams has been one of the pains of the automobile industry, which has increased as the electronics of cars have become more complex. We believe that, with the spread of the ota and domain concepts, car beaming is a big trend, and the beam industry will use only high-pressure beams as a growth point.
1.2 Reckoned exit from the wires, new energy mainstream lanes, and China's full-fledged subsidiary Shanghai Industrial Transport and Electrical Co. Ltd., owned the Shanghai Lear Business Transportation Motors and Parts Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Shanghai " )
Lear Business Transport is the main anchor in China’s down-front business. According to the audited statement, Lear Business had a total assets of RMB 961 million at the end of 2019, a net assets of RMB 505 million and an operating income of RMB 1,494 million; in January-March 2020, Lear Business had an unaudited operating income of RMB 71 million.
Lear Industries is primarily responsible for the production of such products as car-line beams, the main customers of which are whole-car companies such as the Upstream Mass, Upstream General and Upstream Cars. Lear Industries and its holding company, Lear Group, have concentrated their main business in the area of online beams on traditional low-pressure wires, with limited layout in the area of high-pressure beams for new energy vehicles.
Table 2: Domestic car cords, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East
China City Automobile (600741). The sale of wire beams, the focus on niches, the start of the clean-up of the new energy car industry chain, the expansion of the share of end-stage manufacturers will be more difficult, and it will be wiser at this time to sell a new energy vehicle to a smaller Lill Trading Company. On the whole, the well-known new car-making forces of Bo County, Burgham, and Bateng are facing problems with the money chain.
In terms of spare parts, there has been a significant decline in the share of power and power companies in the unincorporated system since 2020. In the new energy industry chain, the persistent effects of the strong have begun to emerge.
The company’s net profit in the first quarter of 2020 is close to zero, mainly because of the weak sales of the wind system under the domestic epidemic.
The financial and intellectual growth of the East has been marked by a sharp rebound in sales as the steam system intensified in the second quarter. The sales of the upper steam group dropped by just 2% in the second quarter, and the sales of the June redistributions have increased at a faster rate than in the second quarter.
So we believe that the profits of the Chinese cars will rebound significantly after the outbreak. Figure 3: Revenues from the Chinese automobiles and revenues from yoy are expected to be $1221, 1392 and 1480 billion in 2020-2022, respectively, for the mothers ' net profits of $48, 59.7 and 6.73 billion, respectively.
Compared to the equally valued small and medium-sized spare parts enterprises, companies maintain a “recommended” rating for business development after consolidation. Global consumption of cars is below expectations; prices of raw materials are rising dramatically; globalization is fundamentally reversed.
The city's car (600741: sale of wire beams, focus on niche business, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
Hua City Automobile (600741: sale of wire beams, focus on niche business Liu Xiaoixing, Bachelor of Arts, D'Artmouth College, USA, cfa witness, seven years of national and international technical and managerial experience in the automobile industry. 2018
Joining the East Hing Securities, doing research in the automobile industry.
A Bachelor of Arts from the University of Xi'an, Master of Finance from the University of Makantan, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 to conduct research in the automobile industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.