The business structure continues to be optimized, the net interest rate ring q2 is better, domestic car sales are warmer, and the q2 battalion is less than the same time. 2020q1, the country's new crown pneumonia.
The outbreak of the \triangleright outbreak, the marked decline in motor vehicle production, the pressure on the company as a supplier of auto parts and components, the income end, increased q2 and the return of car sales as the domestic situation improved, but the epidemic spreads overseas.
As a result, pressure on companies to operate abroad remains, but the harvest ratio has improved. 2020h1, the company has achieved revenue market data: on August 26, 2020, the sales policy was driven by the expectation that car sales would continue to warm, leading to the company ' s domestic business ring ratio.
Continued improvement, but with the influence of overseas epidemiological factors, there is still a risk that the company's overseas operations will be subject to improved cost controls, with a significant increase in the single-quarter net interest rate ring. 2020h1, the impact of the epidemic factors Basic data: 30 June 2020
Under this, company costs have increased significantly, but sales costs, etc., have declined significantly from the same period in the previous year, q2 profit rates for electronics have increased, and the collection of accessories and electronics has outperformed the overall profit margin, with internal and external accessories, metal formations and molds, and functional devices making profits in the first half of the year, respectively.
The net profit of the mother was $780, 003 and 572 million, while the electrical appliances and the thermal processors were lost, and the ITC a 28th floor, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, had a MTM, functionality, electronics, thermal processors of 13.05 per cent, 7.71 per cent, 11.28 per cent, respectively.
The Māori rate is lower than 2019h1 in the Middle China Center, 28 San Lixi Street, Beijing.
The Shanxi Securities Company Ltd. model and model, functional devices, electronics, thermal processors have decreased to varying degrees, with the internal and external accessories and functional units having decreased by 2.12 pct and 7.64 pct less than the corporate income.
On the one hand, the company intends to \triangleright out of the car-cracking, etc., through the acquisition and sale of shares by its subsidiaries, optimize investment structures.
On the other hand, the company continues to push its own layout in areas such as car intelligence, electrodynamics, and in the first half of the year, the company released a technology show, the platform staggered xim21, to the effect that the company is now working with the public, Audi, BMW, and the car.
The next generation of smart seating systems is being developed by a whole-of-a-car company, China Automobile Electric Systems Ltd., which completes the construction of two new energy car flat-line power-drive automated electrical production lines, drives the motor product, and now provides stable supplies to the relevant new energy vehicle types, such as the Upload Vehicle, Upload General, and gets the new general-use gas.
Global Automobile Platform Auxiliary Power Driving Project Point, Electrical Electronic Boxing to Supply New Energy Vehicle-type Control System for Up-voltage General Five, Washington Magnus Power Driving System Limited, New General Motor Vehicle Global Motors Platform Power Driving Project Point, Corporate Electronics Branch
24ghz Rear to MXV and EXUR 77ghz to stabilize supply to customers such as upper-air passenger vehicles, upper-air traffic, 77ghz to MXO to achieve bulk supply to the Golden Dragonbus, to secure new GVA-related new energy vehicle-type fixed points and to produce in quantities.
Goods. As companies become better positioned in emerging areas such as auto electricization, intelligence, etc., and as the corporate business structure continues to optimize, the build-up of high-quality customers, both within and outside the country, is expected to enhance corporate profitability.
The company, as the leader of the domestic auto parts and components industry, continues to optimize its business layout, its customer structure is gradually improving, its technological advantages are significant, and as competition in the automobile market increases, the company is expected to build on its technological, product, customer, business layout advantages to further expand its competitive power.
The automobile industry has continued to go down; the product-backed model sales have fallen short of expectations; macroeconomics have continued downs: the overseas epidemic has continued to spread; industry has adopted an independent and objective approach to the present report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.