q2 rings improved, new business moved forward, and the company released its semi-annual report in 2020, which generated gross operating income of $53,622 million in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the domestic car market was under pressure, with a 17.2 per cent drop in vehicle sales on a year-on-year basis, combined with low demand for travel, and the company experienced a sharper decline in the first half of the year.
Modular, functional, electrical, thermal and processing operations received 21.5 per cent, 26.1 per cent, company q2 receipts and performance decreased significantly by q1 q1 and the ring grew by 23.7 per cent, respectively. Active expansion of luxury, solar and new-energy vehicle branding opportunities
The company actively expands opportunities in areas such as luxury, solar, new energy, (1) luxury brands: automobiles, interiors, car lights, seats, bumpers, compressors, electric switch engines, drive axes, stock stocks in the last six months compared to depth of 300
Brakes, light-quantified casting aluminium, body parts and molds, chassis structures and modules, etc. Obtaining regular points such as Mercedes, BMW, Audi, Cadillac, etc.: (2) solar brands: interior apparel, headlights, coatings, electrical turnovers, drive axle, fuel tanks, generators, etc.
Toyota, Toyota, Nissan, etc.: (3) The new brands of new energy vehicles: interior accessories, seats, bumpers, battery cartridges and car identity puzzles, stabilizers, suspension springs, etc., are in line with Tesla China, interior accessories, shock absorbers, electric switch machines, etc.
Intelligent pods, power-drives, smart drivers, etc. Companies are taking advantage of the trend of car smart web connectivity, and new business is moving well. (1) Smart pods: long-line launch technology platform xim21, working with the general public, Audi, BMW, on-board vehicles.
Development of the next generation of smart seating systems: (2) New Energy Automobile powered systems: products such as company-driven power generators, electrical electronic boxes, etc. are delivered, q4 total power-driven products will be delivered to the public globally. First reported date: 24 August 2018
Electric car platforms, with a new GSM supported power-drivers project in place; (iii) intelligent driving: the company 24ghz back-to-mm wave radar, 77ghz corner radar, 77ghz front-to-mm wave radar have been supplied and the 1r1v technology programme industrialized.
High risk of client concentration; risk of downstream customer sales falling short of expectations, etc.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.