Volkswagen vehicles (600741: zero increment, parts on August 27, 2020, full recovery in sight.
Summary: Chinese cars collected 53.6 billion yuan in the first half of 2020, a 24 per cent drop in the same year; the parent company is the spare parts group under the flag of the Steam Group, a business bag.
The net profit was 1.3 billion yuan, down 61% from the same year. The company’s Māori rate was 13.3% in the first half of 2020, with six large plates of functional keys, interior and interior accessories, and thermal processors. (15% from the same year).
In the next three to six months, we'll be able to build up a high bargaining power with the advantage of the client, and we'll be able to repair the profit from 2020h2.
During the first half of the dramatic decline, the Māori rate in China was more resilient. We believe that this is due mainly to the firm’s ability to negotiate on both the supply and demand sides, depending on its size and its ability to integrate within the group.
In recent years, China has stepped up its efforts to deploy new energy sources, adas, etc. In the area of incremental parts, progress in 2020h1 has included: 1.
The module began to work with the public, general, BMW and upper air autonomously to reach the hundreds of billions of markets; 2. In-depth collaboration with Tesla, U.A., to increase the suspension and shift parts; 3.77 ghz mm wave radar mass production increase plus: 4. Electrically powered total preparation for mass and universal global platforms.
We believe that based on the company’s market position, the company’s ability to convert incremental revenues into profits is stronger. Management improvements, effective control fees.
The fixed management/research and development costs were reduced by 14/13 per cent over the year, reflecting a stronger response capacity.
Automobiles in China City (600741: taking stock of incremental parts and components, full recovery is on track. Figure 1: Gross revenue and year-on-year increase in motor vehicle operations in China. Figure 2: Net profit and year-on-year increase in motor vehicle returns in China.
Figure 3: Summary of the progress made in the growth of auto parts and components in China, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Chinese cars (600741) have taken control of incremental parts and components and are looking for a full recovery from the financial boom in the East.
Liu Xiaoming B.A., Master of Arts, Dartmouth College, USA, cfa holder, seven years of technical and managerial experience in the automobile industry at home and abroad.
Research Assistant Introduction Bachelor of Arts, University of Xian Transport, University of Gangan, and Master of Finance, East Hing Securities, 2019, in Automotive Studies.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that there is no change in the information and advice it contains, but we've tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.