Investment rating: purchase (maintenance)
• A year-round elasticity of performance is released, looking at the potential for transformational growth. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. Performance forecasts issued by companies are expected to achieve a net return profit of $16 billion in 2021, an increase of 125 per cent in the same year; Reduction of the net return profit of $15.7 billion, an increase of 140 per cent in the same year.
The market price of chemical products such as acid rises the same as the market price, and the company’s elasticity is reflected in its performance. In a single season, it is expected that q4 coal industry costs will increase and production will decline, while there is a potential for q4 impairment. According to performance forecasts, companies, as domestic pioneer coal companies, are taking the lead in formulating long-term development plans and in defining the direction of transformations such as new energy materials.
Keep a "buy-in" rating. Coal operations: annual price supplementation, q4 output ring growth, year-on-year sales of coal are down. Commodity coal production/sale sales were 10503.1057 million in 2021.
Tons, 12.7 per cent by 28.4 per cent in the same year, mainly due to limited production from safety and environmental policies and a significant reduction in the volume of coal sold in trade.q4 production ring sales rebounded.q4 merchandise coal production/distribution increased by 1.7 per cent and 8 per cent in prices, with a sharp increase in coal prices throughout the year 2021, and the same increase in spot prices for powered coal in the port of Qin.
Coal prices have increased by 18.9 per cent/ 9.5 per cent in domestic and Australian ports respectively.
The production of liquid waxes increased by 37.3 per cent/1.8 per cent/7.7 per cent/83 per cent on the same basis, while the new ethanol production of 2.92 million chemicals were released with significant elasticity. The q4 methanol production/distribution ratio was +16.5 per cent/-4.2 per cent for the single season, while the price of acetic acid, acetic acetic esters, coarse liquid waxes were raised by -3 per cent/- 7.3 per cent/-3.4 per cent.
The market price of methanol, acetic acid q4 ring increased by 15.6/54 per cent, while the price of raw materials increased or increased at some cost during the same period.
In December 2021, the company issued a Development Strategy Framework to define the five directions for industrial development: mining materials, traditional energy transformations and the opening of new paths; new materials for high-end chemicals; new energy sources; high-end equipment manufacturing; and intelligent logistics, based on the existing industry layout.
Over 5-10 years: coal production reached 300 million tons, expanding the mineral fields of molybdenum, gold, copper, iron and potassium; chemical production exceeded 20 million tons, with more than 70 per cent of new materials and high-end chemicals; new energy loadings reached 1,000.
Over 10,000 kilowatts, hydrogen production is over 100,000 tons. At this critical time of energy change, planning for a non-coal transformation, brightness, overseas elasticity q4 growth, is a trend in the industry where companies, as pioneer coal companies, have been able to start the transition with cash-rich support.
The company's report - Coal Industries' Profited Bombs - was expanded to take good stock of the rise in coal prices abroad.