Restar medicine (600196.sh) Company basics (RMK) Restar medicine reported mid-2017: revenue of 8,353 million, an increase of 20.41 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net profit for the mother
16.89 billion, an increase of 12.58 per cent over the same period, net profit from non-mortality of $1,268 million, showed slightly lower-than-expected performance compared to the same-year increase, but domestic growth was in line with expectations, strong income growth and good cash flows, given the combined impact of national drug holdings and significant increases in research and development costs.
Unresistible R & D is entering the harvest period, and continued high R & D inputs guarantee future growth.
b. As of the first half of 2017, there were 6 monoclinic varieties (11 adaptives) in the company that had been approved for clinical treatment in the country, of which 2 products (reassembly human rats embedding 20 cd clone antibody fluids, 3. " Deduction of non-indicators has improved significantly, and there are excellent internal and external strategies. "
Effectiveness - Review of the Medical Corporation, 2017.3.29 New clinical data on exposure to blindness: 4 1.1 small molecular innovation drugs have received clinical approval: in 4.
173 projects on new medicines, imitations, bio-like drugs and vaccines (of which 11 are small-molecular, 9 are bio-innovative, 12 are bio-innovative, 2 are modified and innovative).
In addition, 8 projects are in the process of being declared as clinical trials, 25 projects are undergoing clinical trials, 33 projects are awaiting approval and more than 1,000 research and development personnel are on the market.
A joint venture to promote new treatment technologies in the country.
The impact of the National Drug Control Unit is also measured: the National Drug Control Unit earned 137,768 million yuan in the first half of 2017, an increase of 8.65 per cent in the same year. The net profit was 2,765 million yuan, an increase of 9.04 per cent in the same year. The distribution business grew 9.1 per cent in the same year and retail business grew 16 per cent in the same year.
We believe that, with the reduced impact of the redeployment operations, the high growth of retail operations and the reduction of non-recurrent gains and losses, the performance contribution of the country will be restored in the second half of the year under national control.
Medical manufacturing: income of $5.776 billion, an increase of 19.12 per cent in the same year; achievement of segmental performance; introduction of dry milk, non-bubbles and sodium peseudo-cube into health insurance in 2017, accelerated release; non-cobbles in the field of treatment of diseases in the nuclear, metabolic and digestive systems; and
The sale of artemisinin-based ammonium antimalarial (ACT) series is growing rapidly in the field of treatment of diseases in cardiovascular systems, leading products in the field of treatment of diseases in the core field, iudicrous milk, and treatment of anti-infection diseases.
1. From a subsidiary perspective, Chongqing Pharmacies achieved income of 1,866 million, an increase of 23.83 per cent, net profit of 223 million, an increase of 38.61 per cent, a gain of 38.61 per cent from the same year, mainly benefiting from the reduction, mainly from the high rate of growth of non-Bushitas; and the Othon Medicines industry, an increase of 574 million.
This represents an increase of 15.22 per cent over the same period, with a net profit of 204 million, or 0.52 per cent over the same period, and a major Odkin subject to price reduction and control fees.2 The marketing force of more than 3,500 people has been formed to cover the main domestic markets.
b. Medical services: income of 1,012 million, an increase of 34.39 per cent over the same period, operating income increased by 19.11 per cent over 2016, after excluding comparable factors such as the establishment of the Wenzhou Geriatric Hospital in 2016 and the acquisition of the Ziru Institute; operating hospitals have steadily improved their performance, reporting that
Billion dollars, an increase of 17.75% in the same year. 659 million dollars in the core hospital, net profit, 3,018 approved beds in my hospital and the Wenzhou Geriatric Hospital, and active expansion of the high-end service brand of the Concords, the Qingdorians have come into operation, the Guangzhou Hospital and Shanghai.
In the second half of the year, the construction of the Tsaizhou Hospital, the Yulin Cardiovascular Hospital, the Taming Brain Hospital, and the Chongqiao Hospital and the Guangzi Hospital will be advanced, and new medical services will be actively sought and purchased.
The strategic layout of the combination of therapy, second- and third-line urban specializations and general hospitals. After the impact of the new acquisitions of breas and so on, operating income continued to grow faster than in 2016 with the same calibre of equipment and dental digital product lines; da Vinci operated robotics.
The rapid growth continued, with more than 12,800 surgeries in mainland China and Hong Kong, an increase of about 60 per cent over the same period, but was influenced by the pace of approval for large-scale equipment, the delay in the sale and installation of duffen cyborg equipment in the first half of 2017 and a decrease of 52 per cent in the sales of equipment.
Six months ago, the Hong Kong market was promoted in sisram, and on the basis of active integration, cooperation with offshore enterprises and the search for investment opportunities and the introduction of high-end medical equipment in the country and abroad, with the aim of providing accurate medical care, has been expanded.
24.27 per cent. The distribution network under the State Drug Control Unit has covered 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government of China; its direct clients number has reached 14,279 (1,938 level III hospitals, including the largest level III hospitals), small-scale end-users (including primary medical institutions, etc.)
112,041 retail pharmacies, 74,108. Distribution generated revenue of $131.7 billion, an increase of 9.10 per cent over the same period in 2016. At the same time, the national retail drug control retail service maintained a further expansion of the network of retail pharmacies, which, by the end of the reporting period, covered 18 provinces of the country.
There are 3,693 retail pharmacies in the city (only owned by the Grand National Pharmacy), of which 2,664 are direct and 1,029 are allied. We believe that as the two-vote system lands, the impact of distribution on state control will decline, but direct sales and retail operations will continue to grow at a very high rate.
e. Internationalization: overseas revenues of 1,469 million, an increase of 58.63 per cent. The group has more than a dozen raw-material medicines certified through the gmp of national health ministries such as the United States of America, the European Union, the Japanese Ministry of Health and Welfare and the German Health Service.
After a who-pq certification check, Chongqing drug users have one oral solid formulation production line certified through the Ministry of Health and the United States fda certification.f. Return on investment: net return on investment: 1,267 million.
:: Acquisition of overseas product packages to accelerate the consistency evaluation process.a. US$ 18 million is proposed for the purchase of product packages owned by Sandoz, including United States-registered batches and related technologies for intra-agent varieties such as Fonsi Din, Zhoblacistan, evaporation, etc.
b. The current domestic consistency evaluation confirms that the production line for the solid formulations of Chongqing Pharmacists, “Drugs manufactured in China and listed in the name of controlled subsidiaries established or acquired abroad”, has been certified by Canada and the United States of America, and companies have acquired product symbols and technical information abroad.
The company’s forward-looking position shows a very strong capacity to integrate industrial resources.
Future Catalyst Collation: gland Mergers and Purchases: Approved by the General Conference of Retrostar Medical Shareholders, filed by the Ministry of Commerce of China, filed by the China Development and Reform Commission, approved by the United States Antimonopoly Survey and approved by the Indian Antimonopoly Survey, March 2017 through India
After consultation, the date of termination of the transaction was extended to 27 July 2017. In April 2017, the term for the application for re-star medicine for a subsidiary was set at the end of the transaction.