National gold foliage medicine (600196.sh) has been licensed to produce, and Biosimilar is on the market.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average  On 21 September 2017, the Restar Medical Notices subsidiary, Hoang Han Xiao Biopharmaceutical Co. Ltd., received a pharmaceutical production licence from the Food and Drug Supervisory Authority of Shanghai City.
To get the Pharmaceutical Production Licence means that the subsidiary's regenerate production line is qualified to produce the retinue anti-similar (i.e. reassemble human rat implants, anticd20 clone antibody injection fluids), but it needs to be obtained from the company's commercial production.
The new drug certificate approved the serial number and the gmp certification. It is expected to be the country's first listed biological analogue, estimated to be over 1 billion.
Litoque is used mainly for non-Hoochkin lymphoma adaptation, Rhodes 2016. 1. Modification of the Gland Acquisition Program, Internationalization Break-Up - Chinese sales are estimated at 1,516 million, market penetration is estimated at 10%.
Pharmaceutical listing and health coverage will gradually increase market penetration in the future, assuming peak penetration at 2. R & D into harvest period, innovation-driven comprehensive health package 40 per cent, recovery of more than one third of drug users, with a discounted present value of over 1 billion;
Honolulu is the fastest in clinical practice, followed by the state cell, the Sindha creature, and has also been working on 3. "Insurance is over-expected, innovation drives integrated medical groups far away from the clinical stage of rheumatism."
"Acquisition of Cml Surplus Equity, Accelerating Innovation Driver 5. "The Deduction of Non-Indicators has improved significantly, and the inner extension strategy is excellent.
Effectiveness - Review of the Medical Corporation, 2017.3.29 Wang Jianli Lee Jin Lei
The company's single antibiotics are currently divided into biosimilars, biobetters, and innovative biopharmaceuticals; they reassemble human rats with anticd20 clones Injecting fluids and recombinant antiher2 monoclonal antibodies at the same time being number one.
One ladder, with 3 to 5 new products expected to enter the clinical ii phase in the coming year; and a synchronized focus on the international clinical process to promote the internationalization of core niche products. At the same time, the company re-organizes the insulin injection of people, re-organizes the glyclin injection, re-organize the recombinant and inject the fluid into the clinical ii phase, which is expected to occur during the clinical ii.
18 years of clinical and declared production. Overall, after many years of input, the biopharmaceuticals are in the harvest.
To value the re-engineering: after many years of investment in research and development and medical services into the harvest period: companies, through mergers and acquisitions of gland, joint ventures with kite etc., over-carved into the first tranche of agent exports and cell therapy. Overall, re-starry medicine has become an innovatively driven combination of medical groups, with an improved market position.
Billion dollars, taking into account the valuation re-engineering brought about by the improved profit structure of the company and the harvest period for research and development, are being purchased in figure 2: Astrological biopharmaceutical pipeline
Appendix: Summary of forecasts of three tables Analysis of rating ratios for relevant reports in the market, after which the final rating is calculated on average to be used as average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.