New Synthetic (002001): Short-term nutritional performance, sustained medium- and long-term growth of new productive capacities
Zhejiang Shin and Cheng, Inc., was founded in 1999, with yay-9.70% net return to the mother at $1.483 billion, yoy-33.00%. At the income end, the decline in nutrient harvests, spices and new materials continued to grow.
A listed company. The company focuses heavily on the accumulation of fine chemical synthesis technology, starting with the pharmaceutical intermediate of acetylene moor fork, with the same downward impact on the prices of vitamins and pyresine, the same nutrient plate received in the first half of 2023.
With organic synthesis as a link, business has been successfully expanded to the fields of vitamins, spices, new materials, pyrochlor. First, it has evolved into an influential spice company.
At the profit-side, the company ' s Māori rate has fallen as a result of market fluctuations in the price of nutrients. At the same time, the prices of vitamins and pneumonic acid, the main product of the nutrient plate, were reduced in the first half of 2023.
Vitamin markets are expected to reach a low level of stability, proteins are expected to be replenished, and company nutrition operations are expected to grow in the medium term.1 Vitamins, based on market data in ifind, are currently priced at the bottom of history with vitamin products such as a, vitamin d3, vitamin c, etc.
The remaining 150,000 tons of production capacity of 2 tons of EPP2 has been completed, the test vehicle is ready, the 180,000 tons of liquid EPP (purification) project of the joint venture is under construction, and we expect to reach the postnatal stage in the future.
The company is expected to increase its sales accordingly. The continued construction and orderly release of new capacity will help to enrich the company’s product system and contribute to long-term growth in the company.
Capable chemicals. 1 Nutrient plate: In addition to the ability to produce EPP, the company ' s 30,000-ton/year sulfonic acid project is scheduled to test and the 2,500-ton/year vitamin b5 project is normally produced and sold. 2 fragrance plate: 5,000-ton/year mintol project is properly produced and sold. 3 new material plate: 7,000-ton/year pps3
The project is being produced, sold, tested successfully, and the project is progressing in an orderly manner. 4 raw materials: the product structure will be further upgraded. We expect that the construction and delivery of these ongoing projects will help to enrich the company's product system, which will expand from vitamin operations to fragrance.
Material, raw materials, food additives, bioferment products contribute to a serial supply of downstream feed, medicine, food customers.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: New and emerging is the country’s top-quality congener, industrial chain integration and product clustering drive companies to grow to a congener. From the pharmaceutical intermediate, companies have successfully expanded their operations to the future in the areas of vitamins, spices, new materials, egg amino acid, etc.
The company’s new projects are expected to be gradually built to enrich the company’s product system further. Based on the company’s 2023 semi-annual financial and intellectual boom in the East, new and emerging (002001): short-term nutritional pressure, new productive capacity to sustain medium- and long-term growth.
He's been in the Research Department of China-King Corporation. He's been awarded a number of honours since he joined the Eung Jing securities, including the 2017 Crystal.
The researcher’s own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to be objective, impartial, but the points of view and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.