New Union (002001.sz) Tradingbuy Inter-District Operations
During the reporting period, the vitamin and nutrient industries were characterized by a weak climate, lower prices for the company's main products and a similar decline in performance. The company's fragrance and nutrient plates grew robustly, and new projects gradually contributed to their performance.
The price of vitamins and pygmates is currently at the bottom, waiting for the industry to remediate, maintaining the rating of “inter-sectional operations.” Vitamin prices are down, nutrient plates are under pressure: first half of the year, the company's nutrient board, according to the section.
The price of vitamins and pine amino acid in the nutrient plate h1 has declined considerably. According to the same price for 2023h1va, the former company tested 30,000 tons of bovine acid as planned, and the company built up a base of 150,000 tons of plant equipment for the two-year period of ecstasy.
It's done, it's ready to test the car, and the rest of the year's plates are expected to be repaired. The price of vitamins and pyre amino acid is still at the bottom, waiting for a follow-on recovery.
Good development. Fragrance plate h1 yields 1,632 million yuan, yoy + 7.15%, and accounts for 5,000 tons of mintol in the company ' s plate, which releases and enhances the performance of the plate. New material plate realization project 7,000 tons of pps is officially operational and contributes to the company ' s performance.
The q2 company’s performance is warmer, and the company’s product structure is expected to be further optimized with new projects in the second half of the year, with fragrances, new materials, new ingredients, and ingredients.
As the product abundance increases, the company’s resilience to risk continues to grow. The price decline affects the Māori rate, and costs remain reasonable: the company’s H1 Māori ratio falls from 4.14 pct to 33.74% on a year-on-year basis as a result of the decline in the price of the main product.
Higher exchange rate gains and lower financial costs of US$ 59 million on a year-to-year basis. Follow-up planning projects are rich and open to long-term growth: company pre-construction projects are proceeding in an orderly fashion, 150 tons of ecstasy devices in the second half of the year, 30,000 tons of sulfonic acid test vehicles: jointly built with China-Pulsification
In the future, the company also plans to have 100,000 tons of diazole, 100,000 tons of dichloride, 200,000 tons of nylon 66, 103,000 tons of hdi and 21,000 tons of ipdi/year, and the overall construction of the project is well under way.
Profit forecast: Considering the bottom of the nutritional landscape, we are working on a profit forecast, and it is expected that this report will be prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... not by ... individual clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose.