The country's leading car-borne electronics industry is a domestic car-borne electronics tap with products such as car-borne information and entertainment systems, vehicle-borne air conditioning controls, driving information display systems, etc.
The Wall, the Volkswagen Group, the Long Ammadha, the General Mitsubishi, the Upper Air Force, the Volkswagen Mass, the North Gas Group, a sedan, the Chiri, the Gilly, the Seamar, the Dragon, etc.
Foreign clients include Madheda, Mass Groups, Caterpillar, Tissenheimer, etc. As technology rises and consumer demand rises, the technology of vehicle-based information systems expands rapidly, with the traditional navigational, audio and entertainment functions extending further.
The value-added of the product is increasing through such functions as car networking, auxiliary driving, etc. Deloitte and Touche predicts that, while vehicle-borne information systems are still in a long-term state with low industrial concentration, the size of the market and the average profit level of the industry in 2020 will be among the top players in the automobile electronics segment.
The company’s main products include car-borne information and entertainment systems, vehicle-borne air-conditioning controllers, driving information displays, etc., which cover the pre- and post-package market.
Technology, 3g/4g mobile network, satellite navigation technology, inertial navigation technology, image recognition technology, image-processing technology, language recognition technology, sound lift technology, bus bus technology, audio-visual processing technology, auto-control technology, vehicle comforting humans technical analysis, etc.
Clients provide specialized car satellite navigation, wireless communications, information entertainment, vehicle traffic displays, mobile Internet, driving information displays, vehicle air conditioning controls, intelligent driving aids, etc.
Most of these products, such as traditional instrumentation instruments, passive safety devices and suspension control systems, are at advanced stages of maturity, while products such as car-borne information and entertainment systems, smart driving aids, new instrumentation, battery power management systems (bms) are benefiting from rapid growth and long-term.
As a result of the growth of the country ' s automobile industry, the domestic automobile electronics market has grown rapidly, reaching about $74.06 billion in 2016.
Figure 2 Size of the country ' s automobile electronics market, 2010-2016 1.2 Prospects for growth in the industry
The whole quest has led to the rapid development of passive and active security systems, and the demand for comfort has led to the rapid growth of systems such as car-borne entertainment and vehicle-borne communications. The current global pattern is that cars within the perimeter are becoming more electronic and show a high-end model moving from medium-to-low-end to medium-end.
Infiltration trends, cutting-edge technologies such as smart driving aids, car networking, electric energy, major passive braking systems, cruise systems, self-adaptation to suspended systems, etc. The technology of vehicle-borne information systems has evolved as technology levels have risen and consumer demand has risen.
The skill level is growing rapidly, from traditional navigational functions, audio and entertainment functions, to the inclusion of car connections, assistive driving, etc., to the center of digital content. Deloitte believes that the annual market size of the vehicle and the average profit level of the industry will become a segmented market for car electronics.
According to Rolandberg, the trend between 2015 and 2020 of a vehicle-borne information system has led to the emergence of new technologies represented by adas, leading to a growing level of electronic intelligence.
The multiple functions of surveillance, road deviation alerts, night visions, track maintenance support and collision early warning systems will be effective in improving car safety and will be the focus of technology development in major mainframe plants.
Figure 5 National smart driving-related policies, Figure 6 Domestic smart driving development targets in 2020, 2025 and 2030
• Implementation of “intelligent transport systems” since the beginning of the 1990s, publication of strategic research plans focusing on networking and autopilot in 2009 and 2014, respectively, and issuance of auto-drive policy guidelines in 2016 • adoption of a resolution on road safety in 1984 and the official launch of “Vehicle safety-specific road facilities” in 1988
Project. Launch of the Gear 2030 strategy in 2015, with a focus on the advancement and convergence of highly automated and networked driving areas; Use of autopilots and vehicle communications as key directions, through projects such as the Vehicle Information and Communications System (vics), Advanced Safe Vehicles (asv). Launch of the Strategic Innovation Creation Project (sip) in 2014, with autopilots
One of the ten strategic areas is the publication in 2015 of the China Manufacturing 2025 strategy, which clearly identifies low-carbon, informative and intelligent drivers of automobiles and places smart network cars alongside energy-efficient cars and new energy vehicles as the main priorities for the future development of our automobile industry.
The automotive electronics sector is dominated by multinational manufacturers such as Bo, Mainland, Weibo, Delfort, and Electrical Apparel, with product market ownership and product competitiveness among the world's leading players.
Over the years, the competitiveness of the country’s leading car electronics producers has gradually increased, with a small number of manufacturers entering the mainstream of internationally branded automobile manufacturers and even directly matching the foreign pre-packaged market. The main competitors of the public sector are Wei Shih-Tung, Delfort, mainland, Beaney-Heila, and all of them win power.
The company’s main competitors, D, Bingley, Porsche, Volvo, etc., are car brands.
Major efforts in the development and manufacture of smart driving control systems, new energy auto-dynamic management systems, industrial automation and robotics, high-end electronic motors, etc., have been successful in the development and production of 45 research and development bases in 16 countries around the world.
The company has more than 10 subsidiaries in Beijing, Shanghai, Jilin, Lew, Gian, crane walls, etc. through the general public, Japanese, Mitsubishi, Ford, etc.
National companies that produce similar products include Sotoin (002766.sz), Lustok Technology (002813.sz), Huayang Group (002906.sz), Good Helpers, Flying Songs,
The customer structure is more focused on the front-loading market, e.g., Keriya Electronics (839952.oc). The size of the company is significantly higher than that of a domestic competitor, and the level of operating income and net profits is far higher.
Competition advantages of 1.4 companies (1) Customer resource advantages Corporate customer resources accumulated to cover major domestic mainframe plants and current domestic customers
Mainly, they include the following: Volkswagen - the general public, the Great Wall car, the Broad Gas Group, the Grand Anjota, the General Mitsubishi, the Uplifting Mass, the North Gas Group, a sedan, the Chiré, the Jili, the Seamar, the Dragon, and others. Foreign clients include the Madheda, the Popular Group, the Caterpillar.
High-quality customer resources have contributed to a steady and rapid increase in corporate sales revenues. In 2015, sales revenue from the Volkswagen, Volkswagen Group was $165 million, $322 million, or $322 million, from the previous year.
200 million yuan has grown to 940 million yuan, 763 million yuan and 628 million yuan, and the company's accompaniment model includes a large number of star cars, such as a single-breathed, fast-steed, new-bonded, maitten, common-use English, Verang, and the Great Wall.
Forh6, h2, the gs4 of the Volkswagen Group, which is used for Mitsubishi's macro light, bountiful 730 etc. Table 4 sets out the importance of autonomous R & D in 2016, where R & D costs remain above 6% of operating income.
The company has been rated as “National torch program focused on high-technology enterprises,” “Changdong innovative enterprises,” “China embedded technology innovation firms,” “Huang Dong Province Industrial Design Centre,” and “National intellectual property advantage firms,” among others.
At the heart of automobile intelligence development, Deloitte predicts that the global market for adas will reach $40 billion in 2020. Companies have accumulated over a long period of time in terms of adas route deviations, blind area detection, low speed, mobile object detection, pedestrian recognition, and some of the technologies have started to be marketed.
The company’s ability to produce more than 4 million adas will be added to the post-natal campaign, and the company’s competitiveness in the adas will be further enhanced. Other advantages of the company include manufacturing advantages, supply chain management advantages, quality advantages, etc.
Second, corporate analysis and fund-raising for 2.1 companies' historical evolution and equity structure, and actual control of people.
Formerly Central European Electronics Company (CEI), established in 1986 as a joint venture between China and China, changed in 2002 to Siemens Wiedeo Motors (Heju), Inc., and in 2010 China ' s shareholder, Desai Industries and Corporate Management, and Core R & D Team, acquired foreign equity.
Easternly held shares, the company became a holding subsidiary of the Desai industry and was renamed De Ceciway Motors and Electronics Co. Ltd. in Hyestate, where the company as a whole changed in 2015 to a limited company.The controlling shareholders in the company were the Desai industry, which directly held 71.25 per cent of the shares before the company was issued.
The control of ownership by the State Council of the City of Huehuezhou (formerly ipo) is provided in figure 10 of the company ' s equity structure (formerly ipo)
God invests in Wen Sein, Wenyongde.
Wai Yongjie, Wai Yongchang, Yong-wook.
Texas, Texas, Singapore, and Texas, Europe.
Desaivert, Blue Micronews, Texas, Japan.
2.2 The business profile of the company and changes in the profit structure of the revenue base have continued to grow at a high rate in recent years, with a growing scale of revenue. From 2014 to 2014 in terms of product structure, the company ' s sales revenue is mainly derived from the car-borne entertainment system and the vehicle-borne system.
Information systems. Corporate vehicle information systems, bunker entertainment systems, vehicle air conditioning controls, corporate Māori overall, remained stable in 2016, with net interest rates increasing as a result of improved cost rates during the period.
The company will raise a total of 2,042 million yuan in funds to be invested in projects such as electronic motor intelligence plant construction, integration of electronic mobile interconnection technology in industry construction, electronic mobile interconnection technology research and development centre construction projects and replenishment of mobile capital in recent years.
The capacity utilization rate has remained high, and the fund-raising project, when completed, will effectively reduce the company ' s capacity gap and enable the company to take on more orders and achieve sustained and rapid development.
3.1 Analysis of indicators of profitability, growth and liquidity of assets Corporate cost controls are improving and the cost rate for the period is declining from year to year.
Assuming a steady growth in corporate sales revenue from all types of products, and a generally stable level of Māori, the risk factors faced by companies include, inter alia, the risk of dependence on the automobile industry, the risk of higher concentration of customers, the risk of intellectual property disputes, the wind of patented technology not being authorized.
5.1 Comparative analysis of similar companies in the country Selection of publicly listed companies related to the automotive electronics industry, Hwayang Group, Merit Electronics, Softin Holdings, Render Electronics as a reference, compared to the average of companies in 2017 and 2018, respectively
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.