Increased performance of electrolytic fluid integration, plus impairments in arrays -- annual report, 2020.
A decline in the profit ring ratio of 04 and a loss of value over performance q4 corporate operating income of 1,423 million yuan in the fourth quarter of 2020, an increase of 80 per cent and a 29 per cent increase in the ring, largely benefiting from the increase in the supply and price of q4 electrolyte fluids.q4 corporate Maori as a whole
The rate of 23.04 per cent (a year-round Māori rate of 34.97 per cent) was 2.3 percentage points higher than the price of Xu Kim Fu's products, which further reduced overall profitability; 3) the price of raw materials for electrolyte fluids.
The cost of materials has not yet been transferred downstream. q4 companies have concentrated on losses of 46 million yuan; 2) Ninde Kayin has lost 86 million yuan in goodwill; 3) mining operations are financed by personal care materials.
As the overall supply of the electrolyte chain is tight, speech is expected to rise, and the billing period is expected to shorten. Corporate financial policy is robust, with significant reductions over 20 years, an increase in the electrolyte business climate and an increase in integrated layout performance.
In 2020, the company generated 2,661 million yuan in revenues from lithium cell materials, a year-on-year increase of tons, a year-on-year increase of more than 52 per cent, a significant increase. Twenty years of expansion of international customers of company electricity, liquid products, internationally recognized customers aesc,northvolt, etc.
Dyson, Samsdi, BMW, and Thon have all entered into close cooperation and signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Tesla to further expand high-quality customers abroad. The company ' s electrolytic fluid I has a deep physical layout, with lithium hexafluoride, lithium bifluorofluorohydrazine, lithium difluorophosphate, and bifluoride.
Various electrolytes and additives, such as lithium phosphate and ethyl sulfate, are produced by the company itself. The company has a capacity of 12,000 tons of lithium hexafluorate, which can be matched by a production demand of about 100,000 tons of electrolyte.
Tons, a further increase in the self-supply ratio, is expected to add significantly to corporate performance in the larger context of rising supply and demand pressures in the HFC market.
In 2020, the company received a high rate of growth in its day-to-day business, earning 1.213 billion yuan a year, and has been cut into its leading domestic and foreign customers. In 2020, the company’s silicon products, ion polymers, gender surfactants and amino acid surfactants were affected by the epidemic.
Ten thousand tons, with an average annual price of $16,000 per ton, an increase of 70.1 per cent over the same period, and a gross gross gross gross gross domestic product (GDP) of 20 years' straight-end business income of approximately $33 million in the appropriate spring, at a loss of about $51 million, mainly due to the low utilization of the project ' s capacity, which was not fully released.
The company’s increased application of phosphate in the second round of the market has succeeded in breaking through the core customer’s lithium project. The company’s pre-iron phosphate drive, which is close to design capacity, is now imported into the company’s lithium phosphate head, and its products are in short supply. With the strong revival of the storage/lithium phosphate/dithium carbonate market,
The company is investing in the production of iron phosphate and lithium phosphate, which are expected to lead to sustained improvements in the company's positive materials business over 21 years.
For the first time in the next six months, we have given the company an “upscaling” rating. The demand for lithium power markets has fallen short of expectations, the company’s new production capacity has not moved as fast as expected, and the prices of upstream materials have fluctuated significantly.
The author of this report, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces the report independently and objectively, with due diligence and professionalism, and ensures that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeks to reflect the author's research views clearly and accurately, and does not constitute any third-party conclusion.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.