Overseas client release and integration, electrolytic fluid yield double-litre investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) 20 years of company plans to reduce by 226 million, of which Ningde Keehin goodwill is 86 million, ore selection and mining
(b) Management/research and development (R & D)/financial cost rates decreased, respectively, owing mainly to the adjustment of freight costs to operating costs.
• The electrolyte business benefited from an integrated layout, receiving high-quality customers abroad The company sold 73,000 tons of electrolyte fluids over 20 years, an increase of more than 52 per cent over the same period; the offshore customers opened up with tangible results, and the company obtained a higher share of the old clients lig, village fields, aesc, aesc, acec, etc.
Clients such as nonthvolt, sdi, panasonic, bmw, dyson, etc. have entered into close cooperation and have signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Tesla.
The advantages of the physical layout were highlighted; prices of the company's priority setup variety, HFC 6, continued to rise at a cost of just $0.001/wh per 10,000/tonne equivalent, affecting battery costs of about 0.15 per cent; and the company's Māori rate was significantly increased under smooth price increases.
• A steady increase in solarization operations, with capoum continuing to contribute profits — 1,213 million in 20 years, an increase of 51.4 per cent over the same period; 691 million Māori, a lower-than-expected decline in product prices; less-than-anticipated expansion of production capacity; and less-than-anticipated development of new energy vehicles
“New Energy in Huaanan Securities _ Corporate Depth _ Natural Materials: Good Profiting in Electrolysis fluids and Optimizing Solarized Structures”
Popular China, Teco Electronics: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, awarded a national scholarship and studied at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States, six years of Lithium Research, covering the lithium electricity industry chain.
Teen Fei: Four years of research experience in industrial design and voucher industry, Master of Commerce and Finance, Kedge, France, and a complex background in electrical engineering and finance, covering lithium Soong Waiqin: five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Master ' s degree from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, and new energy source vehicles and traditional vehicles.
The information contained in the report does not change, nor does it guarantee that the information contained in the report will change in any way.
For information purposes only. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not be directly or indirectly affected by the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.