Shinjiyama Significance Transfer (002709.sz)
Reasons for the report: Annual reports, rising global market share, expanding the integrated production capacity of electrolytes and raw materials, March 25, 2021
Billion dollars, or 49.53 per cent more than the previous year; net profit attributable to shareholders in parent companies, or $533 million more than the same year; in addition, the company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2021, which is expected to be attributable to the net benefit of shareholders in listed companies. The share of electrolyte in the global market has accelerated and the company’s client structure has improved.
Six months of gradual control of the epidemic in the country, the pace of recovery of the market is higher than expected, and the demand for the new energy car market is higher/lowest in the year: growth, leading to an increase in the volume of lithium batteries, an increase in the volume of electrolysis fluids, and the delivery of electrolysis by companies.
In the case of liquids over 73,000 tons, an increase of more than 52 per cent over the same year; and lithium ion cell materials, which generated an operating income of 2,661 million, the share of liquids in the global market has accelerated, successfully opening up internationally recognized customers and achieving bulk supply.
Basic data: Aesc, nonthvolt, dyson, sdi, bmw, etc., as of 31 December 2020, have entered a phase of close cooperation, and the process of internationalization of clients within the cooperating countries has accelerated, looking at the corporate client structure as a whole.
In the case of personal care materials, the company produces about 5,000 tons/year. For epidemiological reasons, the company ' s silicon products, ion polymers are affected, and gender surfactants, ammonia, etc.
Increased demand for aerobic surfactants powder and capoum, with domestic Kapoms being in short supply, price increases leading to a significant increase in Kapom sales, a positive impact on performance of capoum volume increases, and personal care materials generating business income of 1,213 million yuan, an increase of 51.4 per cent; and a Māori rate.
56.97 per cent, an increase of 23.15 pct over the same period last year. With the post-epidemiological control of health conditions, the 28th floor of ITC, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, will remain focused and personal care materials will remain at a relatively high level of demand in the future.
The industrial chain is vertically integrated, expanding the production capacity of the electrolytes and raw materials.
The price of lithium hexafluoride in Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. has been rising steadily since September 2020, with a recent market offer of around 200,000 yuan/tonne. The company currently produces 12,000 tons of lithium hexafluoride, producing hexafluoride throughout 2020.
The amount of lithium acid is in the lead in the domestic and foreign markets, and the company has the core key raw materials for its own main product, with a continuing competitive cost advantage. Through its fund-raising project, the company has focused on increasing the production capacity of the integrated chain of the “sulfuric acid i hydrofluoric acid-dithium fluoride/phosphorus pentafluoride-dithiophosphate-dithium hexafluoride” industry.
Of this amount, 20,000 tons of electrolytic base materials and 5800 tons of new lithium electrolyte are produced annually, 150,000 tons of lithium electric materials are produced annually, and 400,000 tons of sulphuric acid are being built at the Qijiang production base.
The supply capacity of raw materials and the closure of the integrated industrial chain will further enhance corporate cost control and the company as the top supplier of electrolyte, and market share will remain ahead, and domestic electric vehicle sales will be expected to remain on the market in the future as the downstream new energy vehicle landscape rises.
The demand for lithium ion cell materials has increased further. See the 2021 lithium ion cell material dimensions, the new energy industry policy risks, the price volatility of raw materials, the risk of lithium battery technology overlap, \triangleright
This report is presented independently and objectively. It clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or status.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.