Investment investment banks drive growth in performance, wealth management space is wide. Events: Merchant securities published in the first quarter of 2021, q1 generated $5,962 million in 2021, with Wang Qing Dynasty.
The company’s leverage level is still much higher than that of bond-holders who regulate the pilot. The investment bank continues to have an advantage, with the stock-debt underwriting market rising.
413 million yuan, +55.26 per cent. In equity financing, ipo is responsible for 3,523 million 4.22 per cent of the total. Corporate investment projects have always been of high quality, ipo audits tend to have little impact on the company ' s investment operations, there are currently sufficient investment funds, and 2021 is promising.
In the reporting period, companies managed to broker the purchase and sale of securities during the reporting period.
The company's “customer-centred” wealth management conglomerate, leading its clients to “productization” with success in 2020.
The company's depth is "Incorporated with Institutions, the Division's product lines are growing richer, and revenue from surrogate financial products is expected to rise in an explosive fashion.
With divisional operating revenues of $264 million, compared with 13.79 per cent, corporate proactive management capacity is constantly being promoted, pooled capital products created by corporate funds will meet the needs of clients at all levels in a multi-dimensional manner, and we expect a significant increase in the size of the 2021 portfolio.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: companies have a large customer base in wealth management, investing in power, system building, product marketing capacity and asset allocation capacity in the industry, wealth management municipalities are expected to increase further; corporate project reserves are abundant and project implementation is of high quality, although regulation is in place
The ipo audit of strict, market-wide registration may be slow, but the ipo project will be lined up from the company
We still look forward to the company’s business development in 2021. We expect the company to be in 2021, the 9th House of the House of the City of the West Side of Beijing, and the expected level of self-employment due to the volatility of the stock market.
Wang Chen Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated in International Finance, Enterprises, University of Duren, United Kingdom, and former Deputy General Manager of Naval Capital Leasing, and General Manager of the Guanghai Leasing Business, formerly employed in China Xinjiang Investment Portfolio, and Huatuan Securities. Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, with responsibility for non-monetary financial research, Judining, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, and worked in Taiwan's Fu State Securities and Silver Securities in April 2020.
Wang Jing, a master’s degree in finance from Boston University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 to conduct research on the non-banking financial sector, which is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.