Researchchand developmentcenter Express operations are steadily improving, and digitally streamlined management reduces efficiency gains
The teleports business is steadily improving, digitally efficient management of the downfall, and one of the leading domestic telecoms is making a major contribution to the performance.
Founded in May 2000, the company took the lead in 2005 by working with a treasure-picker to launch a new model of “up-to-the-line” integration, and in 2016 it landed on its main board. Since its creation, the company has given priority to the development of domestic power suppliers' express delivery operations and has worked with leading power suppliers' platforms in 2023.
Attempted internationalization and expansion by establishing a circular airline in 2014 as the only company with its own air fleet in the Tung Da family, and acquiring a Chinese company listed in Hong Kong in 2017, “Kinda International” (renamed “Cunt International Express” in December 2222), to enter into international freight forwarding operations in 2023.
The overall competitive order in the sector will remain stable, creating favourable conditions for sound development, based on a combination of policy, leadership and entry factors, and we analyse that the future price competition in the industry will be reduced in terms of the marginal changes of 2023.
With regard to policy regulation, the focus has been on improving the quality of the express delivery sector. The new Express Market Management Act, which has been in force since March 24, has generated some mature experience and institutional demand for high-quality development in the express delivery sector, raising to institutional arrangements and establishing clear institutional expectations for the express delivery market.
The industry's labour-intensive characteristics, we analyze the “baseline” or continuity of regulation, the relative flexibility of the 2023 regulatory price-competition order, mainly the elimination of “runs and leaks” at local and local points of time, and we expect that prices will remain stable from the margins in 2024.
With regard to the new entrants, we have analysed or will place greater emphasis on the quality of development of domestic business, and, in the broader context of high-quality business development, the remaining potential new entrants have passed through the past “low-price-to-value” targets.
The logical link to scale growth on the traditional path of size expansion-financing-low prices is no longer allowed, and there is no future or opportunity to re-combine malign competition.
The Internet-wide digital engineering process has strengthened the organization's ability to manage the benefits of the organization. The circle is at the heart of the conglomerate couriers, which in 2009 collaborated on the development of a courier service with autonomous intellectual property rights, the Camp Bottom Data System, which standardizes the digitalization of sub-firms as Project 1.
Building a “non-continuing camp system”, our analysis is essentially to spread the benefits of digital engineering from the Headquarters backbone and sorting level to the whole chain (end of the chain), from the process of helping to bring down efficiency gains, from the improvement of end-of-service quality, from the enhancement of network cohesion, and from the convergence process.
The scale effect and asset layout strengthens the ability to perform. 1) In the case of trunking assets, the company improves the capacity to transport main lines by optimising, increasing loading rates and improving transport capacity through the route of Sinda Securities Inc., and the book value of means of transport
Itd from 165 million yuan at the end of 2013 to 714 million yuan at the end of 2023; and the number of all-line vehicles from the 9th House of the City of the West Side in Beijing.
In terms of the sorting of assets, the company gave early attention to investing in “inflated” housing buildings and land tenure assets, and the layout of automated equipment gradually moved up to 10.97 billion yuan in late 2023 and 46.42 billion yuan in land tenure.
The number of hub trans-shipment centres rose from 62 in 2016 to 73 in 2023, and the number of individual trans-shipments increased, with companies pushing their share of the package stock up to the second largest in the industry in 2023, after which the career manager system became more strategic in its decision-making capacity.
In the pre-market and early part of 2016, the company introduced career executives from companies such as ups, Huxeng, China and China, and Texas; in 2019, the company further deepened the career manager system.
In the first quarter of 2024, the company introduced Zhou Jian (who used to be Shun Fong, 100th generation) as its executive director and vice president. We believe that the deepening of the career manager system reflects the enhancement of the company’s rapid learning response capacity and improved governance.
The second growth pole in air cargo and international operations is expected to build a company with high asset barriers in its internationalization strategy, with 13 aircraft fleets at the end of 2023; the accumulated opening of air traffic to more than 130 routes; and the full scope of the “Port of the East” by Jiachen Zhejiang.
In the future, it is expected that the company will continue to deepen its internationalization strategy and move forward with its “fast-delivering” project around international couriers, international freight and supply chain operations.
The profit forecast and valuation rating is double, 11 times, nine times.
Valuation repairs resulting from improvements in industry and corporate operations, if 17 times the 24-year valuation hub, risk factors: less than expected demand for physical commodity networks; deteriorating competition for electricity suppliers ' express delivery prices; and end-of-pipe alliances.
Since its inception, investment and shell landings have prioritized the development of domestic power suppliers’ express delivery operations and cooperation with leading power providers’ platforms, while actively developing related asset infrastructure and attempting to internationalize it. Since its inception, companies have promoted the implementation of three restricted stock incentive schemes and two stock options, with sound long-term incentives.
In our view, the company has three core competitive advantages and capabilities. 1) Web-wide digital engineering has a solid organizational capacity to manage.
In the process of bringing down efficiency gains, obtaining improved end-of-service quality, improved network cohesion, and reduced spending on subsidies to allieds. 2) The scale effect and asset layout have strengthened the ability to perform effectively. Through strategic rectification, asset layout, service quality enhancement, and digitization, companies have pushed their share of the package stock up to the top of the industry in 2023.
Second, the follow-up growth is expected to be robust. 3) The career manager system is strong in strategic decision-making capacity. It is a company that introduced the career manager system earlier in the country’s courier industry. In the pre-market period and early 2016, the company introduced the executives from companies such as ups, Hondo, China, Texas, etc.; in 2019, the company further deepened the career manager system, Mr. Pan Shuimiao.
In the first quarter of 2024, the company introduced Zhou Jian (who served in Hsien Fong, 100th century) as the international executive and vice-president of RTL. In our view, the deepening of the career manager system reflects the increased capacity of companies to learn quickly and to improve governance.
The expansion of freight-forwarding operations has helped to construct a medium- and long-term second-growth curve for companies. Previously, the market was too pessimistic about the competition and growth of the industry, and we thought that the growth of the size of the industry would be based on changes in the electricity industry, which would be better than expected, and that the business share pattern would focus on the extraneous variables of the power vendor’s currents; and price competition.
In the context of the company’s historical pe valuation and performance compatibility, and taking into account the valuation repairs brought about by improvements in industry and corporate operations, we believe that there is still room for improvement in the market value of the company, covering the first time a “buy-in” rating.
The company was founded in May 2000 by its chairman and led by his team in the city's Mayor Ning district in Shanghai; in 2005, the company took the lead and worked with the treasure-picker to open the “underline”
Integration of the new model; in 2009, the company partnered with ibm to develop the gold-comb system, which laid the foundation for the company ' s subsequent full digital transformation; in 2014, Juntong Aviation was established with the approval of the Chinese Civil Aviation Authority; in 2015-2016, the company introduced strategic investment in Alibaba and the landing board, respectively; and in 2020, the company, Orient Harbour, launched a global airline.
Since its creation, the company has given priority to the development of domestic power suppliers' express delivery operations and has worked with leading power suppliers' platforms, while actively developing the related asset infrastructure and attempting to internationalize it.
Equity structure: Founder shareholdings are low, with Ali accounting for 20%. By the end of March 2024, the top ten stockholdings had a combined 65.3% shareholding and the equity structure was relatively stable. Of this, the realist metaphors would have been drawn up, Zhang Xiaoyu would have been directly and through circulars, the stockholdings would have been 35.4% lower than in our couriers; Ali would have been priced in 2015.
A further 379 million shares (12 per cent of the total number of shares) were granted in 2020, and by the end of March 24, Ali was the owner of 20.1 per cent of the shares in Hangzhou and Hangzhou. The relatively low shareholdings of real-estate owners have given way to alliances and potential strategic investors to enter the stock, or have helped the head office.
By the end of 2023, the network of company courier services covered 31 provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities directly under the Central Government.
Two hundred and twenty-eight sets of layout automated sorting equipment; nearly 7,500 company-wide backbone transport vehicles, of which 5354 are self-owned trunk transport vehicles; and 13 company-owned air fleets.
Business structure: Corporate focus on couriers and other operations such as aviation. 1) Express operations, 2023 Equity incentives: promotion of three restricted stock incentive schemes and two stock options incentive schemes since listing, long-term efficiency incentive development, establishment and development of long-term corporate incentives, attraction and retention of good talent, full mobilization of company core business personnel,
The motivation of the technicians and their cadres effectively combines shareholder interests, corporate interests, and the individual interests of the core team, bringing together concerns about the long-term development of the company. From the latest second stock options incentive plan, the adjusted post-occupancy performance test targets are 22-24 years of net profit realization for the year in question, or 21 years for the year in which the delivery volume is equal.
The performance targets were met, and the performance targets for 23 years of volume growth in the second period of power were met. Secondly, the overall industrial competitive order will remain stable, creating good conditions for sound development.
We have experienced “small and medium-sized-head-led-new capital-led” competition in express prices, and post-regulation interventions have led to an improvement in the marginality of price competition. 1) By 2017: medium and small-sized and dominant. Price competition has been initiated mainly by small and medium-sized couriers, with a decline in industrial concentration.
2) 2018-20q1: Head-carrying phase. Price competition is dominated mainly by head couriers and increased concentration in the industry. 3) 20q2-21q2: New Capital Master phase.
There is still a degree of moderate price competition. 2.2 Taking into account the marginal changes in the core elements, the order of price competition in the industry or the marginal changes that are expected to maintain a stable and orderly year, the degree of competition in the industry in the future is either intense or stable:
Policy regulation focuses on improving the quality of development of the express delivery sector. In December 2023, the new Express Market Management Scheme was officially published, and the main elements of the revised Express Market Management Scheme were: identification of safeguards to promote express delivery development, institutional orientation for green low-carbon development, optimization of the mode of regulation of the express delivery market order, and enhancement of consumer use of express delivery services.
In January 2024, the Directorate-General of Market Supervision (NCS) issued five national standards, such as the Express Transport Service, the Express Delivery Ring Box, to further regulate the postal sector and improve the quality of services.
Taking into account the characteristics of the express delivery industry, we believe that the regulation is “trace” or sustainable, and that the escort industry is developing in relative health. The express delivery industry has a clear labour-intensive character, has a large number of terminally disruptive workers, and the stability of the workers is a matter of social stability.
In June 2021, with the consent of the State Council, the Ministry of Transport, the National Post Office, the National Development Reform Commission, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the Ministry of Commerce, the Directorate-General of Market Supervision, and the National Union of Trade Unions issued a joint paper entitled " Towards the Legal Protection of the Rights and Interests of the Commissary Group " .
The Secretary-General of Xi Jinping is following up on the instructions of the National Postal Service and the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security on the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Promotion of the Labour Contract System in the Rapid Delivery Sector, which will make it possible to raise the awareness, happiness, and security of the courier community.
In 2024, we expect that prices will remain stable from a marginal point of view. Shares (in volume) and profits are important considerations, and we will judge the leader as well.
For example, in its unaudited financial performance announcement in the first quarter of 2024, the company believed that China’s economy was going to be stable and that the long-term prospects for the delivery industry remained broad. Focusing on itself, creating differentiated products and services, was a way to take into account the slowdown in the central margins of the industry’s growth and the statements and business initiatives of the head electric express company, which we believe is the dragon.
In April 2021, due to the "low-price dumping" and the failure to adjust it, it was not possible for the rest of the potential newcomers to compete again. In 2020, 5.69 million cases were high, up to 22.8 million cases in 2021.
Part of the distribution center of the polar rabbit is shut down. At the same single-volume growth rate, in 2021, polar rabbit domestic couriers operated at the same level as the last kilometre in each country and became integrated logistics service providers with aggregate couriers, express shipments, cold chains, high-end commercial items and cross-border countries.
In the broader context of the focus on quality development, the logical link to scale growth achieved by the remaining potential new entrants through the traditional “low-price-share-expansion-finance-low-price” path in the past is no longer allowed, and it may be difficult or impossible to re-combine malign competition.
3.1 Web-wide digital engineering to strengthen the ability of organizations to manage the benefits The circle is the first to promote a full digital transformation in the Toda Consistency Express. Since 2009, the company has been investing heavily in the development of a mail service operating system with autonomous intellectual property rights - the “Golden System”, which is used by the company as the base data system.
On the basis of this, the whole chain control system was further developed, with the development of a core system platform comprising “managing the cockpit”, “network manager”, “customer manager” and covering the entire business process of receiving, transiting, dispatching, and serving clients, with a view to intra-Headquarters, alluring and clientele. In 2019, after Mr. Pan Hye Hsiao became President, the company began the construction of a web-wide integration and standardization system.
To build a “non-contingent system”. Companies have their own systems of intellectual property systems, based on upgrading digitization, information, intelligence, enhancing the security and efficiency of their internal operations, and providing support and security for the collection of information data across the entire chain, and for the exchange of information from up to and down the industrial chain.
The company standardized its branch digitalization as project number one, creating a “non-continuing straight-line system”, and our analysis is essentially to spread the profit-making operating dividends of digital engineering from the Headquarters trunkline and sorting level to the whole chain (end of the chain), to obtain improved end-of-service quality from helping the conglomerates to reduce their efficiency gains, to improve network cohesion and to complement the conglomerates.
In 2023, the company sent more than 70 landing teams and professional teams across the network, covering more than 1,800 subscribers. In 2024, the company is expected to take stock of the experience of the previous year's “Project 1” landings, refine the methodology and benchmark, accelerate the push for full net landings, and provide a full range of assistance to all allies in the operation of efficiency improvements.
The company’s digital engineering included the management of the cockpit, network butlers, customer butlers, etc. core modules 3.2 scale effects and asset layout capacity to operate effectively.
The scale effect has been released steadily, with 23 years of annual city occupancy returning to the second highest level in the industry. 1) By 2015: The directization of distribution centres has contributed to expansion of production capacity, cost control and standardization of services, companies have been promoting the directization of allocation centres, the second highest in the industry in 2013-2014, followed only by the offer in 2015 and the jump in the industry in 2015
2) 2015 - 2017: Industry entered the automated equipment deployment dividend period, but the company then entered into international aviation operations and developed b-nets, and a small number of the federated points had management problems (e.g., the backlog of Beijing Garden Bridge posts in 17), and since 16 years, the share of the public sector has fallen to the second largest in the industry, and has become third in the industry in 18 years.
3) 2019 to date: Mr. Pan Hye Hsiao has entered the company and is gradually focusing on the development and digitalization of the capacity of courier services, with 16.1 per cent of the company ' s market in 2023, with anti-hymn reaching second place in the industry.
1) Optimization of roads by means of increased mobility, integrated movement of people and social mobility, precision of abdominal resources in some regions, reduction of the number of fast-tracking and refluxing. Continuous optimization of the production capacity of transit centres, expansion of the radiation coverage of urban distribution centres, construction of a package centre, promotion of integrated downscaling of energy, continuous promotion of seamless connections, dynamic optimization of road planning.
2) Increased load rate: optimized performance appraisal of trunk line transport vehicles, enhanced ratio of dump vehicles, bilateral transport vehicles, large-cargo vehicles, etc., enhanced on-site loading and back-to-back empty-loading management, reduced cost of air return, full-scale lift of vehicle loaders Improved transport capacity management: promotion of vehicle management smartness, digitization and real-time dynamic monitoring; moderate expansion of fleet size
The company ' s transport vehicle holdings increased from 165 million yuan in late 2013 to 714 million yuan in late 2023; and the network-wide trunking vehicle fleets increased from 160 million yuan in late 2013 to 714 million yuan in late 2023.
Disaggregated assets: “inflationary” housing buildings and land tenure assets have a pre-emptive advantage and streamlined production is expected to continue The year-end housing buildings have a book value of $10.970 billion and land tenure has a book value of $4.642 billion, followed only by medium access. The number of departmental hub trans-shipment centres has increased from 62 in 2016 to 73 in 2023, with individual trans-shipment centres operating on average on a daily basis
The upgrading of highly automated sorting equipment, increasing the application of new technology equipment such as unmanned, less humanized equipment, introducing and pushing soft separation, and putting in equipment such as narrowband automation sorters, rollers, disk sorters, etc., gradually building “unmanned centres” from which the automation and intellectualization of trans-shipment centres are significantly improved.
The introduction of a career manager is a better option for businesses to move quickly.
(b) In 2019, the company furthered the development of a career manager system, Mr. Pan Hye Hsiao (substantial sector with high technology) and Mr. I.
In the first quarter of 2024, the company introduced Zhou Jian (who used to be Huxeng, 100-year-old) as its executive director and vice president. We believe that the deepening of the career manager system reflects the upgrading of the company’s rapid learning response capacity and improved governance.
Table 5: Summary of the situation of the senior managers of circular expressway IV. The second growth poles of air freight and international operations that are expected to build companies are actively pursuing an internationalized development strategy.
International freight operations now cover air, maritime, rail, road, multimodal transport, etc., as well as investing in the development of international courier services. In 2023, the company completed 148 million international couriers and parcel services, a 20% increase.
Figure 21: International operations of companies developing steadily towards good international delivery and parcel services International supply chains
Race logistics: international integrated race logistics services 148 million business completions - year-on-year growth + 20 per cent - steady expansion of China, China, China, China, China, Korea, China, China and Korea.
● Cover industry:  Electronics (*) Service Fashion Japan, Australia, Philippine Self-Government Capacity Building
Cross-border power vendor cooperation platform: sheinshopee co-client: oxiaomialhuavivotrans
Capacity-building at 42 key ports with 13 air fleets, covering 150+ countries/areas
Accumulated air traffic has opened more than 130 routes with entities owned by 18 countries/territories around the world with high asset barriers and the only business with a self-organic fleet for a Consistency Express.
1) With regard to the fleet, the company had 13 air fleets by the end of 2023, of which 2 were Boeing 767-300, 10 were Boeing 757-200, and 1 was Arj 21-7000. 2) With regard to the route, circular flights had accumulated over 130 routes by the end of 2023 and continued to encrypt Asia and Eastern Europe, etc.
On the hub side, Ka-hing, the Tung Zhejiang port of the East, is fully operational. The company is expected to be fully built in 2024, fully operational in 2025, and the future hub network will be configured as a key node of "one king, three plus three" to celebrate "the East."
The Harbour of Heaven is the core hub for global aviation and the Multimodal Centre, with Macao, China (Hongjong), Fatty, Yeu, Guangzhou, Kunming, Nanning, Sea mouth, Sufin River, Holgos, and Los Angeles, Rio, Sydney, Bangkok, Tibaï and Budapest as the international core node.
Looking ahead, companies will continue to deepen their internationalized development strategies, moving forward with the `Move Out' project, focusing on international couriers, interstate freight and supply chain operations, with a focus on international couriers. First, companies will focus on international couriers, building on their own resources, such as full cargo aircraft and high-quality routes, building such fine routes as China and China and Korea and China and Australia, and upgrading international couriers.
Second, companies will maintain the steady development of international freight forwarders’ services and expand supply chain services in areas such as clothing, automobiles, and electronics. At the same time, companies will deepen the introduction and development of internationalized talent groups.
There is a relatively limited space for down-prices, company air cargo operations are generally stable, international operations are gradually improving, and overall air cargo and international operations in 2024 are expected to remain stable and positive. V. Profit forecasting and valuation ratings
1. Express service: (i) volume: Considering the robust growth of the volume of the industry driven by the rise and change of the upstream live feeder, the cost of the billing is added up: assuming that the cost of the single ticket, the cost of the trunk line and the central operating costs benefit from digitization, optimization, the effect of scale, etc. The cost of the single ticket is flat.
3. Air operations: In view of the prospect of a return to international trade and the warming of the overseas economy, the superb company is expected to increase long range, large loads, plus costs: assumed cost of sales, administrative costs, R & D rates as a whole, and the previous market differences over growth and the competitive order led to a low-level valuation of the power vendor ' s Express, middle-line, hymn, rounding, etc.
The volume size of the industry is growing on the basis of power-market changes or better than market expectations, with business share patterns focused on live transmission of the external variables of power-market power flow; and price competition is either marginal or stable, based on the cost of single tickets, which still have the ability to grow. According to company historical valuations, pe (ttm) has been growing since the beginning of 2018.
Values match performance, taking into account valuation restorations resulting from improvements in industry and corporate operations, if 24 years of estimated physical commodity network acquisition demand is less than expected: the physical commodity network purchase is an upstream driver of the development of the express delivery volume, and if the demand for the physical commodity network is less than expected, the volume of the express delivery business rises or is less than expected.
The consumer price competition has deteriorated: the consumer express service has been relatively lowly differentiated, if the electric service provider has adopted an overly aggressive policy of price competition, or has affected the company’s operating profits and cash flow. End-of-pipe alliance stability has been reduced: the supplier’s couriers are responsible for end-of-end packages and feeder transport, if motivated by incentives.
For reasons such as policy, the end of the line is unstable or affects the quality of the company’s performance. Toming left, a doctor from China’s University of Mines, a registered consulting (investment) engineer, a deputy general manager from the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, a member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation’s pool of experts, and a member of the Chinese Price Association’s coal price
Member of the Commission, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association, for more than a decade, for research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, and for more than a decade, chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Programme, the revision of the coal industry's technical policy and enterprise-related advice, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
Some of them are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.