Inventory, leverage, 2022, quality year, 2022, the year of commercial snakes, the first six months of stock management, with accelerated decomposition at its core, was achieved against a backdrop of a critical industry situation.
The volume of sales is $118.83 billion, which is at the forefront of the industry, while maintaining the development strategy of “regional concentration, urban deep-farming” with relatively robust investment and active support.
In the first half of 2022, business snakes were stockpiled in weak urban environments and removed from the market.
The volume of sales was $118.83 billion, standing at the top of the industry, entering the top 10 local sales in 14 cities and cities, while maintaining a relatively robust investment base. Looking ahead, with the confidence of home buyers gradually regained, such as business contacts, in the second half of the year.
Prosperous housing companies with a strong and conglomerate background will be favoured by buyers, and sales of commercial snakes are expected to recover first. Second, business earnings will grow steadily, rising by nearly 30% compared to the previous year.
During the first half of 2022, the profit rate fell mainly due to small rains, as a result of the development and operation of the company's parks and cruise-related operations.
In addition to the poor performance, the cost increases and the decline in the return on investment have also been reflected in Kang Xiaogang.
The profitability of enterprises is affected and, overall, the future profitability is expected to be stable as the merchants gradually go to the vault to store 185,165,25402 (microsigns) and the cost of land is reduced.
Continuing to optimize debt structures, multi-channel financing reduces costs
1.48 times, and on the basis of keeping the green line, commercial snakes increase the efficiency of the use of funds and offer greater possibilities for enterprise development.
It worked well, with an average financing cost of 4.1 per cent, down from 38 basis points at the end of 2021. 2022 was a “quality year” for commercial snakes. In the first half of the year, corporate owners seized inventory management with accelerated degradation as their core, and achieved $118.83 billion in sales in the context of the critical industry situation, keeping it at the forefront of the industry, while insisting on “regional convergence”.
In the second half of the year ahead, as the confidence of buyers gradually recovers, firms with a sound business background, such as business snakes, will reach $118.83 billion in sales in the first half of 2022, a 32.9% decline in sales space.
487.5 million square metres, a 36.7 per cent decline in the same year, have been in a credit crisis in the real estate sector since mid-2021, although companies have maintained strategic certainty and continued to deepen their mechanisms for the operation of quality upgrading, using “one city, one template” 2.0 as a tool for capturing stocks, desecrating, using digital marketing tools, enhancing marketing and repayment management, and maintaining sales on a pre-industry scale.
Lé, among them Shanghai, Yutsu, Su, Xian, Chongqing, Wuhan, Kunming, Nantung, Xu, Sio, Shao Xing, Nakayama, Tin-free, Taikura, and 14 cities in total are ranked top 10 in terms of local flow sales and continue to stifle their market share. In keeping with the development strategy of “regional focus, urban deep-farming,” the merchants continue to focus on “Thirty City” in large parts of the country.
In the face of a sharp contraction in investment by the branch offices, the firmness of the investment stock has been maintained. In the first half of the year, 27 plots of land were added, with a total building area of 4.199 million square metres and an equity area of 2.645 million square metres, with the main focus on first-line cities such as Shanghai, Beijing, and long-triangular cities such as Hangzhou and Suzhou, with a value of more than 100 billion dollars.
In addition, on 2 April 2022, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed with the capital of the Great Wall, Jiamoto, on the promotion of cooperation on a number of projects, and on 31 August, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed with productive property on urban renewal projects in the South China region.
In 2022, the target for business snakes was stable at $330 billion, and one of the few businesses that have not been downgraded their sales targets. In order to succeed, business snakes need to replenish their reserves at the core of the city and core areas in a timely manner. In the second half of the year, real estate policy has moved to a more liberal level, and confidence in home acquisition is gradually recovering, in the context of a credit gap in private housing enterprises, for example.
A firm firm, with a country-wide business background, such as the Combines, will be favoured by buyers, and sales of the Combines are expected to recover first. Second, business income will grow steadily, rising by nearly 30% compared to the previous year.
The decrease is mainly due to the development and operation of the enterprise’s park and cruise-related operations. Sub-operations show that community development operations generated business income of $49.21 billion, an increase of 54.1 per cent over the same period. During the period, the scale of sales of projects such as the West Anjing capital, the South Jing Gang Ri capital, the Chengdu era park, Suzhou’s former Shanchang court and the Nanjing Jing Jing Palace, among others, was substantial.
Carry-over, resulting in a higher gross profit rate of 14.3 per cent compared to the same period in 2021, with a slight decrease of 2.5 percentage points, mainly due to a decline in profit space for carry-over projects: $8.26 billion in operating income from park development operations, a decrease of 34.6 per cent from the same period, mainly due to a decrease in the first half of 2021
A large-scale rollover of the pre-Hin Shenzhen Sea launch area led to a higher base, resulting in a larger decrease of 13.9 per cent in gross profits, a significant decrease of 16.8 percentage points compared with the same period in 2021. On the one hand, there was a higher gross profit rate on projects in the pre-sea start-up area during the base period. On the one hand, in the case of the cruise operations, the domestic tourism market was more affected by the epidemic, and the merchant cruise ship, cruise ship and water passenger chief.
Faced with the challenges of the epidemic, the company has taken the initiative to adjust its strategy and actively seek alternative routes, expanding several new routes, such as Shenzhen Sea cruise, Yangjiang Sea Bay Island, and Xiamen, all of which are included in the Transport Department’s Fine Shipping Line. Bay Area cruise operations have continued to innovate around the design of distinctive routes and the upgrading of consumption on board ships, enriching their product lines.
In addition, the increase in costs and the decline in investment returns also affected the profitability of the enterprise, with the total cost of managing, marketing and financial costs incurred by vendors in the first half of the year amounting to $8.01 billion, an increase of 13.2 per cent over the same period, and the return on investments amounting to $1,130 million, a decrease of 56.7 per cent over the same period.
A sustained optimization of the debt structure, multi-channel financing to reduce costs Merchant-seller strategies to leverage short- and medium-term leverage and superior structures, a solid overall debt structure and manageable risk, with net liability of 49.0 per cent as at the end of June 2022, an increase of 6.1 percentage points over the end of 2021 and the removal of assets received in advance
A 0.23-fold increase in the efficiency of the use of funds by commercial snakes, based on the maintenance of green slots, to provide greater access to business development The first half of the year to commercial snakes to fully implement mitigation efficiency initiatives, to tighten financial costs, to increase open market financing for debt restructuring, to tighten down market windows at lpr, to make full use of corporate credit advantages for high-interest debt swaps, and to reduce costs
The average financing cost is 4.1%, a decrease of 38 basis points from the end of 2021. Lower financial costs can reduce the financial expenditures of businesses, increase profitability, and thus increase the market competitiveness of enterprises and achieve a virtuous circle of low-cost financing.
(b) Financial costs = interest expenditure/business income;
*2, e.g. 2022h1 survival ratio = total land reserve/(sale area*2) The present report is based on publicly available information considered reliable by the HmK including, but not limited to, a wide range of means such as corporate publicity, housing authority websites, Internet access, but HmK does not guarantee that the information contained is fully accurate and complete
Complete. For reasons of time and calibre, the content referred to in this report may differ from the actual situation of the enterprise, for which the hundreds of millions of Han think tanks are subject to change without special notice. The purpose of this report is to provide an impartial and objective response to the business situation.
An opinion does not constitute any recommendation to any institution or individual. Any body or individual should consider whether any of the observations or recommendations in this report is in its particular state and, if necessary, should seek expert advice. The information, tools, opinions contained in this report and the property rights in this report are in the possession of the Ghim think tank. A body or person other than the Ghren think tank transmits or quotes any part of this report.