25 October 2020: the company released its third quarter report for 2020 and its operating income for the first three quarters of 2020.
In 2020, q3 company operating income amounted to RMB 975 million, an increase of RMB 107.55 per cent in the same year and RMB 364 million in the same year, an increase of 114.61 per cent in the same year.
▪ 5g and the demand for national production as an alternative to IHF products, with record high performance: the company ' s net return profit increased by 122.37 per cent in the first three quarters of 2020 and q3 net return profit increased by 114.61 per cent in 2020, close to the previous forecast ceiling, with record high performance, mainly as a result of consumption
With the advent of the e-season and the rapid growth of corporate sales in the third quarter, and consistent with the 5g and alternative development trends in national production, market expansion has steadily advanced, leading to high performance growth, with a 50.17 per cent Māori rate for companies, a 2.5 percentage point decline compared to the previous period, mainly in terms of the size of corporate collections.
In the first three quarters of 2020, R&D costs for companies amounted to $137 million, an increase of 58.98 per cent over the previous quarter, and companies invested heavily in autonomous R&D and product innovation.
In the future, as the fund-raising program continues, the company’s product layout in the areas of high-end radio-frequency filters, 5g-based station radio-frequency devices will be further optimized. As the market for new products expands, the company’s prospects are wide.
▪ The product layout is becoming more sophisticated and diversified, with alternative opportunities for 5g and RF chip national production: 1, Dzumi (300782), radio frequency sheeting, currently formed by the company, including radio frequency switches, radio frequency lina, radio frequency pa, radio frequency filters, etc.
The board's lead has expanded to record new performances, rich product layouts including modules and low-power bluetooth microcontrolr chips, some of which are high by 2020-10-13.
Technically advanced, domestic, and cost-effective, application markets, 2, Chewie (300782); radio frequency sheeting is expanding from consumer electronics to telecommunications base stations and automobile electronics, with product markets steadily rising.
The Board’s leading edge is highlighted, with a record rise in performance. The current 5g has gradually led to an increase in demand for a range of radio-frequency chip products, with a major share of the same time-frequency chip market being held by overseas manufacturers and a pressing demand for national production alternatives.
The performance and cost advantages of radio frequency products, which provide radio frequency front-end separation devices and various modules,3 and the application solutions of Chewie (300782);5g and ejection, have accumulated advantages such as Hwa, Mi, opo, vivo and Samsung.
UHF national production replacement acceleration, performance continuity, quality customer resources and collaboration with HF in the field of radio frequency switches, local radio frequency chip high growth 2020-04-08
As the 5g and radio-frequency chip national production replacement processes move forward, the Division has long-term growth dynamics. The growth dynamics of future performance are sufficient to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board