I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money.
The company announces that applications for refinancing have been approved and that the company’s filtering business is expected to go even further. The department raises $3 billion (total investment of $4.66 billion) for high-end radio filters and modules for research and development and industrialization, 5g-based station radio frequency devices and industrialization projects.
In the future, the 5g industry will be investing more and more, and radio frequency demand and national production will continue, and it will be long.
The value is 106 times and 73 times, respectively, with an "inter-zone operation" rating. Applications for refinancing registrations are approved. Company announcements, applications for refinancing registrations are approved, and high-end filter products are further industrialized.
The shares (30% of total equity) are used for high-end radio filters and modules development and industrialization, 5g base station radio frequency devices, and industrialization projects. The company has now introduced difem, lfem products, which have built up some accumulation in the area of saw filters and, by means of a fixed increase, the company will build a dedicated line with the Crystal Circle.
Taking advantage of its technical and empirical advantages in the field of chip design, lowering the threshold for input of equipment dedicated to surrogate industries, and solving the problem of the current crystal circle plant shortboards in the field of high-end filters will help to break through the national production of high-end filters. In addition, the co-construction line will also ensure future filter chip products.
At the 3020 battalion rate, net profits grew by 70 per cent: 1.97 billion in the first three quarters of 2020, out of which 970 million yuan in the third quarter and 107.6 per cent in the yoy in the third quarter, net profits were realized.
A percentage point, reflecting an increase in the impact of the size of the company, which further boosts profitability. Profit predictions: looking ahead, the company, as the front end of the domestic radio frequency, built on excellent products and research and development capabilities, gradually expanded from the area of Ina, switch products to radio frequency modules, filters, with 5g
Taking into account a three-year construction cycle for high-end filters, a limited increase in corporate performance is expected in the short term, but it will increase company mobile phone penetration by less than expected, and the new crown epidemic is delaying the release of industry demand.
I don't know what you're talking about.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.