Electronic q3 performance close to the forecast cap, clear path to sustained growth, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: The company issued its third quarter performance report for 2020, with its revenues of 970 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 107.6 per cent in the first quarter of the same year and a net return profit of 360 million yuan, while its performance of 2020q3 continued to grow at a high rate, close to the previously announced ceiling. The company achieved its return in the first three quarters of 2020.
A net profit of $720 million, an increase of 122.4% over the same period, and a net return of $360 million for the q3 quarter, an increase of 107.6% over the same period, while the company has achieved seven consecutive quarterly earnings and year-on-year growth since 209q1. Sustained high growth in public sector performance is the result of a 5g and accelerated national production replacement, with the company adding consumer electronics to the boom season.
• Corporate profitability has risen slightly, while continuing to invest in research and development innovation and maintaining long-term competitiveness. The company’s overall Māori rate for the first three quarters was 51.4%, a slight decline of 1.4pp compared to the previous quarter, but the overall net interest rate was 36.3% compared with 36.3%.
At present, new products such as high-performance antenna modulating switches and radio frequency modules applying 5g communications continue to be rolled out, and companies’ long-term product competitiveness continues to be built up. The array of corporate products is becoming more complete, with 5g and national production being replaced by long-term growth prospects.
The launch of multiple radio frequency module products has now included radio frequency switches, radio frequency (RF) Lina, radio frequency (RF) pa, radio frequency filters and product arrays such as various modules, low-power bluetooth mcu. Product technology has been scaled up, some of which are comparable to industry leading companies.
In addition to the company’s traditional customers, Samsung, Mi, etc., new customers, Hwa, Hightower, etc., are fast-tracked into stable partnerships. In a context of 5g and national succession, companies are expected to continue to benefit and grow in the long term.
Cheuk Seung-wee (30072); corporate performance continues to rise, and radio frequency acceleration in the 5g era (2020-08-29) affects end 3c consumption; large client products are not upscaled as expected.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.