On October 26th, 2020, the third quarter of the year continued to grow dramatically, with 5g aiding performance.
The company released its third quarter report in 2020, with a combined income of $1,972 million in the first three quarters, a year-on-year increase, which continued to grow significantly in the third quarter, with a 5g boost.
Market value in circulation (millions of dollars): The company ' s performance continued to grow significantly in the third quarter, close to the forecast ceiling. At the same time as the growth in revenue, sales and management costs fell by 54.35 per cent and 8.94 per cent, respectively, indicating the company ' s market position and the company ' s market position.
The company's performance has largely benefited from an increasing penetration rate of 5g mobile phones, which, according to China's Information and Communications Agency (CIA), have continued to reach more than 60% since June. The company is the leading company in the domestic radio front-end market and is already in Samsung, Mi, Hua, vivo, opo, etc.
The end-user is breaking through with innovation. Against a backdrop of rising penetration of 5g mobile phones and rising national production substitution, companies are expected to reap the double dividend of increased market size and market share.
In addition to mature products such as low-noise amplifiers and radio frequency switches, companies have continued to add codes to their research and development, increasing their R&D costs by 58.98 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the previous three quarters, expanding product categories, including the baw filters.
Devices (applicable to gps, w-fi, mobile communications, applied to smart terminals), radio frequency power release Accelerating, company expected high growth year round 2020.08.28 Big (wi-fi), and different types of radio frequency (RF) modules to respond to the escalating integration of smart terminals,
The demand for modularization includes difem (integrated radio frequency switches and filters), lfem (integrated radio frequency (IRFs) " National Dollar Securities Corporation (NSC) Description -- Chewie (300782); q2 performance hyperpredictors, low noise magnifiers and filters), femid (integrated radio frequency switches, filters and double works),
During the period, the filtering business is steadily advancing. 2020.07.10 pmid (integrated multi-modal multi-band pa and femid).
Hegemoo Foo-foo project continues, filters open the second growth curve, companies continue to advance the fixed increase project for high-end radio-frequency filters and modules, and 5g communications base station radios.
The filter is the main increase at the front end of the 5g radio frequency, and the global front end of the radio frequency will be more than $150 billion, of which the filter market will be more than $100 billion. In the 5g era, the use of radio frequency filters has increased significantly, and according to qorvo data, the use of 4g mobile phone filters is about 40.
The number of mobile phones will rise to 70. The company's current multi-saw filters have already produced a product, accompanied by the development of the baw filters, which will result in a huge increase in company performance and open the second curve of company growth as the project progresses.
Large growth space, companies that are the vanguards of domestic radio frequency devices should be given sufficient valuation premiums to maintain a “buy-in” rating. Product development is not as high as expected; 2) market diffusion is not as high as expected; and 3) customer sales are not as high as expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.