The January figures meet expectations and sales are increasing steadily The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre incident: the company published sales data for January 2019 and achieved sales of 43920 in January 2019
This represents a 3.7 per cent increase in the volume of 2,8669 new energy vehicles sold, a 291 per cent increase in the same year, and 2,8005 new energy vehicles sold, a 291 per cent increase in the same year. Traditional fuel vehicles sold, 15252, a year-on-year increase in sales, and a start-up effect in the stock market. 16,219 pure electric vehicles sold in January 2019.
In January 2019, about 60,000 vehicles were delivered at the Biadi terminal, 32,000 at the new energy vehicle and 28,000 at the fuel truck. There was a significant difference between the company's wholesale sales and the delivery data, and we believe that last year's department, on the one hand, was due to the delivery cycle of the new energy vehicle.
Sub-cars may be delivered in January: on the other hand, differences in conventional fuel vehicle data suggest that companies are interested in controlling fuel truck stocks at the end of the pipeline for follow-up health developments at the end of the pipeline.
In 2019, the company will continue to increase the depth and breadth of its products, building on the existing system, and the listing of vehicles such as Tang Pure Electric Version, Song Generation, etc., will further enrich and enhance the competitiveness of the Biadi Dynasty series, the company market.
In the area of traditional fuel trucks, companies are gradually changing old and new products, old ones such as f3 will be phased out, and the dynasty's fuel version will form a whole new product system, which is expected to lead to steady growth in the company's fuel vehicle business as the inventory cycle is gradually completed.
The gradual commissioning of the Qinghai Battery Plant will alleviate the company’s deficiencies at the end of battery production and, in the event of a strong order, will help support the company’s continued upswing in sales.
Biyadi (002594): New energy sales in December, according to pretty figures, to the new steps (2019-01-08) 2. Biyadi (002594): beautiful sales in November, master.
Biadei (002594): New energy sales are excellent and Yon Xin will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.