Corporate rating reports that the automobile industry was performing as expected in 2018, Biadi (002594.sz)
Li Zejian, a leader in autonomous innovation, earned $130.6 billion, an increase of 22.79 per cent in the same year, and returned to his mother a net profit of $2.79 billion in the same year.
31.37 per cent decline. Business performance in 2018 is projected in the company ' s third quarter report for 2018. (i) The rapid growth of the new energy vehicle business ensures a steady increase in revenue, according to the firm ' s fast sales reports, the rapid growth of the new energy automobile industry and the new production of the group in 2018
Driven by the product cycle, the company’s cumulative sales of new energy vehicles were 2,478,000, an increase of 118.01% over the previous four-year period, leading the industry further. The company’s traditional fuel-car business has grown steadily, but the overall decline in the automobile industry has been intense.
Competition has to some extent affected the level of profitability of fuel vehicle operations. (ii) Operations such as photovoltaics, which drag the performance of companies, have been affected by policy changes and impairments, and the loss of photovoltaic operations has increased in the course of the year.
Mobile phone components and assembly operations are subject to greater pressure on orders and profits due to weak demand in the industry and increased competition in the market. In addition, higher financial costs associated with rising financing costs also affect the group’s overall profitability to some extent.
(iii) New vehicle cycle is expected to continue, battery-out for performance enhancement Automobiles, new e-series products from the company in 2019, including e5, e1 and s2 Type of vehicle: company-shocked dynasty series will be launched in Donev, Songmaxphev/ev in 2019
In January 2019, sales increased by 291.1% on a year-on-year basis, and the gradual commissioning of the Qinghai Battery plant will ease the company’s failure in battery production.
In 2018, external cooperation agreements were signed with such mainframes as Chang An and Dong Feng. Looking at the strong product power of medium- and long-term corporate ownership innovation, it will guarantee sustained growth in performance.
The new Biadi model is not sold as much as expected, and the power cell is not growing as expected.