Events: The company published a fast-track performance report for 2018, yielding $130.6 billion in 2018, a year-on-year increase.
In 2018, Biadi started a full new product cycle, with the second generation of Don, Yuan, and Qinpro making a larger contribution to company sales in 2018, with 227.2 million new energy vehicles sold, a 100% increase. But in 2018, the new energy vehicle subsidy fell sharply, and the company's new vehicle subsidies dropped sharply.
The company’s growth rate is lower than the sales rate, and it is expected that the company’s profitability will decline to a certain extent in its new energy automobile business. At the same time, traditional auto business, mobile phone parts, and assembly operations are affected by increased competition in the industry, with further pressure on profitability, while photovoltaic operations are subject to policy changes and impairments.
In 2019, the company will continue to invest in multi-cars, and the company will build a series of e-products and channels, including e5, e1 and s2. We believe that the continuous refinement of the series of dynasty products will further strengthen the company’s middle-highness.
In the case of batteries, the gradual commissioning of the Qinghai Battery plant will ease the company’s capacity deficit at the end of the battery’s output, which will be beneficial in supporting the company’s continued increase in sales.
The subsidy policy has come closer, seeking a balance between volume and price. The new energy car subsidy in 2019 has not yet been introduced, but the trend of annual declines in subsidies, as required by the policy, is irreversible. If the new energy car subsidy comes down significantly in 2019, the company’s profitability will also be affected.
The company is a leading company in the country in the area of new energy vehicles, the dynasty series of products.
Biadey (002594): January data meets expectations, 2. Biadi (002594): December new energy sales, according to pretty figures, to the new steps (2019-01-08)
3. Biadei (002594); good sales in November, Lord 4. Biadi (002594). New energy sales are beautiful, and Yin will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.