Biadi's subsidy drops have affected performance, and high sales growth is expected to pick up, with a cash dividend of 2.04 yuan (including taxes). For the fourth year in a row, the company has become a global new energy car salesr.
In 2019, the company will publish a number of new items, such as the Dynasty series and the e-Net series, which are expected to continue to grow at a high rate and contribute to the recovery of performance. In addition, the company will open up its spare parts distribution system.
The potential for external supply of such superior products as power batteries and igbt is huge, and is expected to be a new growth point in the future. The company’s number of 10,000, of which 248,000 are new energy vehicles, has doubled in the same year, generating a revenue of $52.42 billion, an increase of 34.2% and an increase of 40.3% in the same year.
A total of 273,000 cars were sold, resulting in an income of $23,580 million, an increase of 34.3 per cent over the same period, and cellular parts, secondary battery business, increased by 4.3 per cent, 2.1 per cent, and performed better than industry.
The management cost rate was largely flat, the increase in R & D inputs led to a 0.3 percentage point increase in the cost rate, the fiscal cost rate was largely flat, and the loss of impairment of assets increased by 182.3 per cent, which also had an impact on profits. 169,000 vehicles were sold by companies in the fourth quarter, driving revenue growth of 28.4 per cent, and the Maori rate was slightly lower.
The company has the world’s leading new energy engine, vehicle technology, and a well-developed supply chain of core components, such as trio, with four consecutive years of combined global sales.
The army. In 2019, in addition to the next generation of new vehicles, such as Yuanev, Donev and Songmaxdm, the company will publish a multi-e-net model, focusing on the new economy-based car market, with the hope of expanding and obtaining better sales in the three or four-line cities and beyond.
Car subsidies have declined by about 50 per cent, but companies have the leading cost controls and higher premium on new energy items, and sales are expected to grow at a high rate with a reduced cost of scale and amortization. In 2019, partial subsidy provisions and prior subsidy payments are expected to reduce financial costs and contribute to the recovery of performance.
In recent years, the company has changed its thinking considerably, moving from self-supply to open parts, which, on the one hand, can increase efficiency and reduce procurement costs, and on the other hand, power cells and high-impact components such as igbt are expected to release huge amounts of energy.
The company’s power cell load is long ahead of the country’s second largest market in 2018, with a share of more than 20% and a national lead in terms of quality, cost, etc. The company will actively explore external customers with Chang-Ann’s annual strategy 2019 in the automobile industry - Spring Hua Shui Shui, Quiet
Joint ventures build battery plants, and other domestic and international customers work together to accelerate the advance, making batteries available for the future. The company is the only car company in the country that owns the entire chain of industry in the igbt, and the high volume of new-energy automobile sales has led to an outbreak of demand in the igbt, with great potential for external supply.
1) Motor sales fall short of expectations; 2) Māori rates for new energy, etc. Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy
Automobile: whole car, profit/loss statement (in RMB million)