18 years of sales doubled, and 19 years of leadership continued to consolidate Biadi’s annual disclosure. The company achieved business income of $13 billion in 2018, an increase of 22.79 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of $2.78 billion attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
The distribution plan is to find a gold dividend of $204 per 10 shares for all shareholders (including a net profit area of between $700 million and $900 million for the division ' s shareholders, an increase of 583.39 per cent in the same year, and a rapid increase in the income and earnings of the group.
Market data: 18 March 2019. The company ' s high rate of growth in the sale of new energy vehicles, influenced by the adjustment of subsidies, was highest/lowest in gross terms during the year:
Interest rates fell by 4.53 per cent. In 2018, for the first time in 28 years, there was a negative increase in sales in the automobile industry.
For the fourth year in a row, the world won a full-scale new energy car sales championship, which doubled the sales volume, breaking $130 billion, an increase of 22.8 per cent over the previous year, of which the automobile business accounted for $76 billion, an increase of the same amount.
In 2018, the company's replacement and new model were listed in a very high volume, with the introduction of Wonev360, the new generation of Dondm, the new generation of Song and the new generation of Qinpro, in which the new generation of Dondm gained a very high level of visibility.
Good market feedback on the 28th floor of ITC, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, became the monthly sales crown of the Chinese plug-in hybrid car market, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
Army. In the case of traditional fuel trucks, Songmax uses the model of the "dragonface" family as the starting point, and continues to be one of the best-selling mpv models in the country, with a total of about 100,000 vehicles distributed throughout the year.
The income from mobile phone operations rose slightly, and the Maori rate fell slightly. The income from cellular parts and assembly operations in 2018 amounted to RMB 42.23 billion, an increase of 4.34 per cent over the previous year; however, the profitability of metal components declined, as a result of intense competition in the industry, giving the group a smaller share.
The company’s traditional business drags the group’s profits up. Because of conventional car sales, \triangleright \triangleright
At the same time, photovoltaic operations are relatively weak and generally in a state of loss. The rise in the collection of secondary charge batteries and photovoltaics also affects, to some extent, the group’s overall surplus.
The market has come to recognize the advantages of the whole industry chain. In 2018, Biadi’s new energy supply was the highest in the domestic market, the second highest in the new energy bus market, and the first in the leading. At the same time, companies had the advantage of vertical industrial chains, with batteries, electric power, electrical control, etc.
In terms of technology, Biadei has made several major breakthroughs, especially in the power and control neighbourhood, Biya.
D has released the igbt 4.0 technology, which is ahead of the mainstream market, and is an absolute leader in the country's electricity and control of the neighbourhood. The technology will be used for the newly released electric vehicles to increase the performance of the entire vehicle by another 10%. If this technology is available, it is expected to be a company.
The company’s participation in the supply of batteries to other manufacturers can also bring new profit growth points to the company.
Pool plant, power cell for Chang-an's car.
There have also been good developments in pure electric buses, with increased levels of modularization, intelligence, and lightness. On the market side, companies continue to promote pure electric buses, both inside and outside the country.
More than 300 cities operate in a country and region, and the outlook for overseas markets is wide. On the other hand, the first Biadit 10zt pure electric intelligence mudslides opened up in Shenzhen to demonstrate their operations, marking a purely electric heavy dump vehicle in the high-tech gate.
Once again, the area has taken over the industrial boom, breaking out the bottlenecks in the development of the dirt transport industry, and creating new development opportunities for green urban transport. Before retreating from the slopes, new energy sales are expected to increase significantly in the first quarter of 2019.
Net profits in the first quarter of 2019 amounted to $700 million-$90 million, an increase of 58.339 per cent-778.65 per cent over the same period. The first quarter saw a significant increase in sales due to the impact of the new vehicle cycle and pre-subsidization loading.
A new energy car subsidy policy has been introduced, contributing to the company’s health. Currently, the vehicles sold are of a higher range, and the overall subsidy has been reduced by about 50%, which will have a short-term impact on profitability, but will be in the middle of a rapidly growing new energy market.
The market is even more important. At the same time, Biadi's electric cars are now sold for a pure electric renewal that has reached more than 500 kilometres, exceeds the threshold for many gasoline cars, and, by far, solves the problem of renewal anxiety, and the volume of sales will increase considerably.
In the new energy subsidy policy of 2019, the elimination of land supplementation, which was replaced by electricity supplementation, has facilitated the nationwide promotion of vehicles of the Quality New Energy Vehicle, as well as infrastructure development and related industry development.
\triangleright There have been relatively rapid developments in the area of new energy vehicles, but the impact of the fall in subsidies is still significant and the current valuation is higher than that of the new automobile industry as a whole, based on the above-mentioned view, W.