The performance is largely in line with expectations, with traditional operations burdening the overall profits, of which the net return to the mother in the fourth quarter of the year is $1.26 billion, which meets expectations. 18-year performance forecasts are largely in line with expectations, and the volume of new energy vehicles sold continues to grow.
With many years of technology and market accumulation, De's performance has stabilized, with revenue breaking by $13 billion, and net profit returns to mothers in the fourth quarter of the year amounting to $1.26 billion, with the company's traditional business in the expected range leading to corporate profitability.
As a result, the company’s fuel-car business affects the overall level of profitability. At the same time, mobile phone and photovoltaic operations, due to increased competition and policy changes in the industry, are the highest/lowest in a profit-making year:
In addition, the financial costs of rising financing costs have to a certain extent affected the overall profitability of the group. Markets have come to recognize that the whole industry chain has a strong edge. By 2018, Biadi’s new energy multipliers.
11.42/27.28 The largest share of the domestic market and the second largest share of the new energy passenger vehicle market are prominent.
At the same time, the company has the advantage of a vertical industrial chain, mastering batteries, electro-electric controls, charging facilities, and whole-car technology, covering all types of vehicles in new energy sources, as well as new energy vehicles, complete products, excellent performance and cost advantages.
Yadi has also made a number of major breakthroughs, particularly in the electric and electrical adjacent area, where Biadi has released the igbt 4.0 technology, which is ahead of the mainstream market and is the absolute leader of the domestic power and control neighbourhood.
This technology, if available, is expected to provide companies with new performance growth points. And a company’s battery, if it can participate in the supply of other producers, can also bring new profit growth points to the company.
According to the company \triangleright, there was a huge increase in sales of new energy vehicles in Biadi in January 2019.
Sansi Securities Co. Ltd. announced that, in January, the total sales of Biadei were 43,920, an increase of 3.74 per cent over the same year, of which 28,668 were for new energy vehicles, an increase of 291.1 per cent over the same year; fuel gas
The number of cars sold was 15,252, a decrease of 56.43 per cent. Under a single family front-faced plan and better slogans, the number of cars sold continued to rise, with the best-selling models including Song Max, the new-generation Tang, the new-generation Song, the new-generation Qinpro, etc., in 2019, Tang,
Yuan Song Qin will be upgraded, of which Yuanev 535 has already been pre-saled, and due to its strong performance, the price of the subsidy will be $11-14 million. In 24 hours after the sale, the number of orders will go up to 1,000, showing the intensity of the fire.
Worried, but for the sake of normal growth of new energy cars, policy development will not have a serious impact on mature new energy cars. So we expect to maintain a high rate of growth throughout 2019.
The Biadi electric vehicle has now reached more than 500 km, surpassing the no \triangleright low gasoline vehicle, and, after exceeding the threshold, significantly resolving the issue of renewal anxiety.
At the policy level, in times of depressed car markets, the government is more willing to take advantage of this opportunity to promote new energy cars, and may be more profitable in the future, as automobile sales will remain low in the first half of the year, with companies traditionally bordering.
In the light of the above observations, the “growth” rating is maintained based on the fact that the domain is a drag on overall performance and is now valued more than the new-energy automobile industry as a whole. There are risks: vehicle sales are not as high as expected; macroeconomic downturns continue; and new energy subsidies are high