Double-resistant adc pilot, working with bms to start a new era of internationalization.
Building in 1996 as the first private pharmaceutical company to start the chemical imitation and Chinese medicine business. In 2010, companies began to innovate and experiment with small-molecular innovation and biopharmaceutical development. In 2023, companies and bms entered into a global heavy-pound cooperation agreement on bl-b01d1 (first US$ 800 million, most recently or in the near future).
With $500 million in disbursements and $7.1 billion in potential milestones, R & D capabilities are recognized by mnc, opening the new era of internationalization. The company’s core product, bl-b0id1, is expected to report to Nmpa in 2025, with a view to ushering in the Year of Commercialization of Innovative Medicines in 2026.
bl-b01d1 declared that Nda is expected to become a multi-magnosis-based stone drug in the future. Annual report, bl-b01d1 has conducted nine iii clinical trials in China, and has adapted to lung cancer, breast cancer, cavity cancer, and nasal cancer.
Nmpa submits Nda, with several 2 lnsclc and bc adaptive conditions expected to be declared Nda in 2026.bms launched bms-986507 (bl-b01d1) joint k-pharmacology or joint oscillani treatment International multi-centre I clinical trial of over 2025-04 physical tumors, with the first 2 to 3 overseas registered iii in 2025.
• Diffusion adc platform plus global multi-resistant platforms fic and bic pipelines, which, over the past 10 years, have built a global leading drug research and development platform (hire-adc platform), innovative multi-specific antibody drug research platform (gnc platform), speciality enhancement of duality
The antibody platform (seba platform) and the innovative arc (nuclear) research and development platform (hire-arc platform). bl-b01d1 (egfr/her3addc) has successfully validated the power of the here-adc platform. Global multi-resistant drug research and development is in its early stages, and no product has been approved.
The connector is in the clinical field, leading the world. 1, Millionaire: the old drug company has successfully transformed, the potential of the new tube line has spread 1.1, the business of chemical imitation and Chinese medicine has started, and the design of the new drug has been developed for over 10 years.
Founded in 1996, the company was the first private pharmaceutical enterprise to start the business of chemical imitation and Chinese medicine, and has gone through three main stages, namely, the phase of imitation, the phase of innovation transformation and the phase of innovation in biopharmaceutical development.
Simultaneous pharmaceutical enterprise phase (1996-2010): the company has established and acquired assets related to the industry. It has obtained documents for the production of more than 100 products, such as wood and wood grains, yellow grains and ecstasy capsules, covering anaesthesia, intestinal nutrition, etc., through autonomous research and development, collaborative research and development, and outsourcing.
A series of products in five major areas, such as anti-infection, paediatrics, immunology, have achieved full multi-dimensional coverage of the market for “high-medium-low” sales products, and “city-county-town” markets.
Innovative Biopharmaceutical Enterprise Development Stage (2014-present): Companies have established long-term strategies for focusing on innovative anti-cancer antibodies and are looking to improve their research and development capabilities in a global perspective.
In 2017, the company's four-specific antibodies technology platform was built, and continued progress was made with four-dimensional anti-drugs.
The company has a bi-American R & D centre and four production bases with a full range of drug research and development capabilities, including small molecular chemicals, large-scale biopharmaceuticals and adc drugs, as well as a business that has the advantage of integrating intermediates, raw materials, and preparations, covering the full life cycle of R & D-production-marketing.
The two R & D centres are the Seattle immunization (systimmune), the Dots (baili-bio)/Bali pharmaceutical industry (bailipharmaceutical). The four production bases are the Guinness Base (injection and oral preparations), the Paley Base (oral solid formulation and injection of frozen dry powder), the Hayat/Fixie Base (intermediate and chemical raw materials),
Dot biobases (innovable drugs). Dot biobases have established clinical sample production needs that meet the cgmp standards for innovative organisms, and antibodies/adc drug production that approve early commercial production needs after being marketed.
The company currently relies mainly on the commercialization of chemical and intermediate preparations to secure a stable cash flow. The main products sold are: anesthesia, including the intravenous anaesthesia “proporofol pelvic fluid” “propentol/Long-chain fat milk, Long-chain fat milk fluid” and anti-infection, represented by Libaverin granules and austroazepine capsules, and paediatric drugs.
Among them are glucose electrolysis bubble bulges, gyro-carotone granules, which consist mainly of yellow pellets and wood pellets. The sales and prices of the products in question, influenced by national and local collections, changing market demand, declined. In 2024, public revenue increased significantly, mainly from a large initial payment from bms. In 2024, company-owned operations (chemicals) took place.
Companies continue to invest more in research and development to shape development strategies that will lead to innovation in biopharmaceuticals. Innovative biopharmaceuticals are the way forward, supported by the proceeds of the chemical and Chinese preparations business and the anti-breeding company in biopharmaceuticals.
Research and development (R & D), coupled with multiple pipelines moving into the clinical phase, is increasing. In 2024, the company ' s research and development investment reached 1.3, the first innovation drug is expected to be delivered to Nda in the year, the company is about to enter the commercialization phase of innovation, the company has a Chinese-American R & D platform, and multiple fic drugs have proven the company ' s research and development capabilities.
The Seattle immunization (systimmune) and the Chinese dotular (baili-bio)/Bali pharmaceutical (bailiipharmaceutical) research and development centres have built up two important core technological platforms, adc and gnc, which form a new foundation for sustainability. Systimmune focuses on the development of new therapeutic diversities and multi-specificities for the treatment of cancer.
Antibodies and anti-pharmaceutical puppets, multibiology (baili-bio)/Bailipharmaceuticals, responsible for the advanced development of innovative candidate drugs, focusing on children, anaesthesia, severe conditions, anti-cancer areas, innovation and prevention, addressing the accessibility of medicines. This American front-end discovery and Chinese back-development strategies allow
By 2024, the company had entered eight adc drugs, four gnc drugs and two double-resistant drugs.
(bl-b0id1) An exclusive licensing and cooperation agreement for anti-cancer drugs (first payment of $800 million, recent or future payments of $500 million and potential milestone payments of $7.1 billion) to obtain the benefits of co-development and co-commercialization with the company, while the company retains the global supply of the drug.
bl-b01d1 is a heavy weight egfr/her3adc drug that the company is working on, and is expected to deliver to cde by 2025h2. bl-b01d1 is the first global target of double-resistant adc drugs to egfrxher3. Currently, bl-b01d1 single drug in China for the treatment of three-line nasal and second-line esophagusal cancer has entered the ii clinical phase and is expected to reach the ii phase.
2025H2 Presented to Nda: Treatment of egfr non-small cell lung cancer, egfrmut non-small cell lung cancer, hr+her2-breast cancer and breast cancer of the third vagina have entered the clinical stage of iii. 2, bl-b01d1: the first egfrxher3adc worldwide
bl-b01d1 is the first global egfrxher3adc that the company has developed autonomously and can target both egfr and her3 oncology-related targets. By the company ' s annual report 2024, bl-b01d1 had nine ii clinical trials and nearly 10 one-line ii clinical sessions in China, in lung cancer, breast cancer, dietary tubes.
In October 2024, bms conducted bms-986507 (bl-b01d1) an international multi-centre i clinical trial for the treatment of multiple physical tumours with a combination of k drugs or co-opherinis, with 2 to 3 overseas registered iii clinical trials expected in 2025.
2.1, bl-b01d1: The world's first egfrxher3adc drugs, egfr (also known as erbb1 and her1) and her3 (also known as erbb3) are the receptor carburants of the erbb family, and her 3-way path is the cure for multiple cancer targets, including egfr's resistance.
mechanism. When the formula is combined with the emfr, it activates the logas/raf/mek, pi3k/akt downstream signals, and the stat signals that allow the signal to be transmitted from the outside to the inside. When the formula is combined with the egfr, it activates the ra/raf/mek, pi3k/akt downstream signals that regulate the activity of life, egfr, etc.
Her 3 routes are one of the main mechanisms of tumor escape in the treatment of tumours, mainly by forming heterogeneous dichotomy with other members of the erbb family, egfr and her2 or both.
"her3: towardtheprognosticsignificance, tepeutic potential, currentchallenges, and ultimately apeuticsifferent."
typesofcancer hyroshimiyamoto et al. bl-b01d1 is the large molecular antibody section si-b001 (egfrxher 3 double resistance), the small molecular toxin section is divided into ed04 (heptaline analogue) using the autonomous ac interface formed by anti-couples.
bl-b01d1 is a regenerative, bipolar antibody drug with anti-cancer activity, one of which can be combined with egfr and her3 on both tumor cells to achieve both tumor-related targets, combined and inhaled into the cell, with hydrolysis enzyme cutting into small molecule ed04.
By preventing dna from copying and rna synthesizing tumor cells and destroying the structure of dna, a step-by-step anticancer cells is taken. Payload's “link arm” is the company's autonomous ac interface, which is more stable than the mc interface, which is usually seen on the market, effectively avoids the fall of the drug molecules and ensures that the toxin circulates in the body.
bl-b01d1 is better water-friendly and less condensable, with greater safety and anti-cancer activity in the body. bl-b01d1 is a world leader in research and development. As of February 2025, there was only a hundred and twenty-five million people around the world.
The bioprograms egfrxher3 drug, company bl-b01d1 (egfrxher3adc) and izalontamab (egfrxher3 pair) are leading the research and development process globally. 2.2, bl-b01d1 has nine ii-problems and is expected to be approved after 2025.
By the year 2024, bl-b01d1 had conducted nine domestic iii registered clinical periods, and the first Chinese iii clinical trial is expected to take place in October 2025. By the year 2024, bl-b01d1 had conducted nine iii registered clinical periods, including nsclc, sclc, breast cancer, and dietary cancers.
In December 2023, the company entered into a global strategic cooperation agreement with Bms on the development and commercialization of Bl-b01d.bms and companies will jointly develop and commercializebl-b01d1 in the United States;
It will retain its exclusive rights and interests in mainland China, while bms will be granted exclusive permission in other markets around the world. bms will pay the company $800 million in initial payments and up to $500 million in recent contingent payments; development is agreed; bl-b01d1 has conducted i/ii external clinical trials and is expected to carry out 2 to 3 iii notes in 2025.
The period of i/ii overseas for the treatment of multiple physical tumours on the combined kl-b01d1 line or the joint Ositani line was carried out by bms in October 2024 and is currently in the dose optimization phase.
Figure 10: bl-b01d1 has conducted nine iii phase clinics, bl-b01d1, which are expected to become a broad-spectrum treatment programme for tumours, with multiple adaptations expected after 2025. bl-b01d1 pioneered the ii phase in the field of nasal cancer in 2023 and continued in 2024 at nsclc,
Sclc, breast cancer, and dietary cancers are registered for the ii period.
2.3.1, bl-b01d1, which already covers over 65% of Nsclc patients, is expected to become a wide-spectrum treatment programme, with a huge number of lung cancers worldwide, the world's largest cancer species. According to data from Globalcancerobservatory, there were approximately 2.4807 million new cases of lung cancer in 2022, or 12.4% of all new cancers in the country.
The number of new cases of lung cancer is about 1,006 thousand, 22% of the country ' s new cases of cancer and is higher than the global level. Non-minus lung cancer (nsclc) is a subtype of lung cancer, accounting for about 80% to 85% of all cases of lung cancer, including tissues such as gland, scale cancer, etc.
Lung cancer is the most rapidly growing malignant tumor in the country in the last 30 years. According to the first inquest of causes of death in my country, conducted in the mid-1970s, the country had a lung cancer mortality rate of 547.1 million, and among cancer deaths, it ranked 5th after stomach, dietary, liver and cervical cancer, accounting for 7.43% of all cancer deaths.
The results of the secondary cause of death sample showed that lung cancer was the third cause of cancer in the 1990s, after stomach and dietary cancer. The third cause of death review in the 21st century showed that lung cancer was the cause of cancer deaths.
Figure 12: The share of new cases of lung cancer in our country is higher than the global level, and about 40% of our Nsclc patients are subject to mutations. According to insight, the number of new cases of Nsclc in China and the United States in 2022 was about 900,000 and 190,000, respectively. The incidence of mutations in our country is significantly higher.
In the United States, more than 40% of Nsclc patients in our country undergo mutations in egfr, and in the United States there are about 14% of Nsclc patients in the egfr mutation. According to insight, about 25% of Nsclc patients in our country are gene-driven negative, and the incidence of U.S.-driven negative Nsclc patients is about 50%, significantly higher than in our country.
bl-b01d1 has been configured for more than 65% of Nsclc patients. As of February 2025, the company had conducted clinical trials for egfr mutation nsclc and driver nsclc adaptive conditions for over 65% of Nsclc patients.
The iii clinical trial for the single drug backline treatment of nsclc was launched in the year. 2.3.2, new options for egfrtki resistance Nsclc are available for third generation egfrtki to become the preferred first-line treatment for egfr mutation nsclc patients.
The first-line treatment programme is mainly the first/second/third-generation egfrtki drug, and the second-line drug is recommended for the third-generation egfrtki drug if the first/second-generation egfrtki is used and there is an egfrt 790 mutation.
The guide, Egfr19/21 for mutagenic patients, is the first to choose Osituini, and other recommendations include the single anti-combinant drug of Ivanto, the third generation of the egfr-tki first-line drug programme, which is globally dominant, but is now in a drug-resistant situation. According to Insight, 60% of patients are receiving egfrtki.
Csco Clinical Guide (2024), with the progress of the third generation of egfrtki, patients are advised to use platinum-containing chemistry and non-combined beryllium or combined letter-dillion and beryllium bill resistance.
Transyltinol is now in urgent need of safe and effective back-line treatment for patients with egfr-tki resistance. Figure 13: egfr mutation nsclc patients (csco and nccn guide) (egfrxher3adc) is at the top of the world. Egfr-tki resistance is divided into primary resistance and availability.
Drugs, both of which include egfr-resistance, non-egfr-responsible resistance guided by egfr bypass or downstream signal circuit activation, and tissue or model conversion, and some patients with unknown resistance mechanisms. Different treatment strategies have been developed for different resistance mechanisms. Of these, her3 is high in many cancers.
In February of that year, a number of medications for patients with Nsclc after egfrtki’s resistance (the whole population) were in the post-clinic phase.
bl-b01d1 for early clinical orr data excellent for patients in the backline egfrmnsclc, with future mos data available. By August 2023, bl-b01d1 had a high response rate (67.5% for confirdandpending confirnationorr) in 40 cases assessed for egfrmnsclc, with an average of none.
Progress survival period (mpfs) is 5.6 months. The response rate for bl-b01d1 patients is excellent compared to the rest of the head. bl-b01d1 patients with egfr mutation nsclc have entered the ii phase in the country and are expected to break the third generation of egfrtki treatments. bl-b01d1 drug treatment 2l+egfr
Changes in early clinical effects of Nsclc were excellent, with co-operating or further treatments of Osituney, breaking the therapeutic boundaries of the third generation of egfr tki first-line treatments. bl-b01d1 single-drugs of Osituney first-line treatment of Osituney and early clinical trials of the joint Osituney treatment of Nsclc, bms are expected to move forward in 2025.
2.3.3. Backline treatment drives the genetic negative Nsclc displays good potential.
Currently, first-line genetic mutagenic nsclc therapy is based on immunotherapy (pd-1/pd-l1)  chemotherapy, pd-l1.50% of patients recommend PABL and pd-l1 between 1% and 49% of patients recommend PABL anti-combination therapy.
There is a clear unmet need for chemotherapy drugs, such as the Dosita race. bl-b01d1 Early clinically visible backline treatments have the potential to drive gene-negative Nsclc patients. bl-b01d1 I clinical (nct05194982) data show that they are treating the egfr wild Nsclc
Orr was 40.3% of the patients (30.6% of the patients), disease control rate (dcr) was 87.1%, orr and dcr data were better than other drugs. Orr (confirmedandpending compensation) was 41.4% of the 58 pd-1/pd-l1+ at least one line of patients treated with platinum.
For 5.4 months. Double-resistant drugs have gradually appeared in their egfr wild Nsclc back-line treatments. bl-b01d1 for 2l-driven gene negative nsclc has entered Chinese clinical registers and is expected to expand to one-line-driven gene negative nsclc adaptive, further expanding the bl-b01d1 coverage.
The bl-b01d1 adaptation to 2l-driven gene negative Nsclc entered China on April 24, 2024, and is expected to submit a listing application in 2026. Currently, the progenic nsclc one-line treatment program is based on immunotherapy (pd-1/pd-l1). More recently, multi-trop2adc
Io-line therapy drives positive advances in gene-negative Nsclc patients, and the future combination of adc+io is expected to enable first-line patients to achieve a non-chemical treatment. Bl-b01d1-jointio has a good track record of continuing second-line treatment in future first-line research.
2.4. Sclc: bl-b01d1 early clinical data show a good potential for treatment with high levels of malignantness and rapid progress. Small cell lung cancer (sclc) accounts for about 13-17% of total lung cancer, characterized by strong invasiveness and heterogeneity, depending on whether a remote transfer occurs at the time of diagnosis.
It is divided into cytological lung cancer (ls-sclc) and widespread cytological lung cancer (es-sclc). Over 55% of patients have a wide sclc period, with only 3% of the patient ' s five-year survival period. Sclc has a high level of malignantness, the disease is moving rapidly, and is highly susceptible to remote transfer at an early stage, with a brain transfer rate of 10-18% at the time of the sclc diagnosis.
According to the 2024csco Guidelines for the Treatment of Small Cells and Lung Cancer, the first-line treatment programme is based on chemotherapy (sruli/Adebele/Adelethorium/developric resistance). The second-line standard treatment is based on the timing of relapse, and is less than six months old.
The first-line treatment program, Sruli single-month, reduces the risk of death by 37%.
Second-line treatment programmes focus on single-drug therapy, and patients survive for less than a year. Although small-cell lung cancer is very sensitive to initial treatment, most patients have relapses and resistance after initial treatment.
The effectiveness of second-line treatment depends to a large extent on the time between the end of the initial treatment and its recurrence. The second-line preference is for a cappuccinosing, where there are veins and oral treatments, and a ii-phase study which confirms that the efficacy and tolerance of oral capption is similar to that of an IV.
Orr 18.3% and 21.9% and moss 33 weeks and 35 weeks respectively. According to the Passion study, the number of Orrs for the second-line treatment of es-sclc patients in the Kareli Pearl Unit is 34.0%, mpfs and mos 3.6 and 8.4 months, respectively, benefiting both sensitive and drug-resistant patients, and joining forces.
The toxicity of the treatment is acceptable. bl-b01d1 early clinically showed excellent mpfs data. In May 2024, the company published bl-b01d1 phase I data for patients with es-sclc.
In July 2024, the company launched a Chinese-registered iii clinic on second-line es-sclc, which is expected to be completed in 2025, and a patient in 2026, which is expected to be submitted to the nda. The company has registered iii clinic for second-line es-sclc patients, and has explored pd-1 mono-combined bl-b01d1 in May 2024 for first-line es-sclc patients.
The chemotherapy program. It is expected to expand the bl-b01d1 adaptation to first-line small-cell lung cancer in the future. 2.5 Breast cancer: covers her-bc patients, and the postline meds are expected to be the world’s first and the country’s fourth largest cancer in 2026.
Observatory's data for 2022 show that breast cancer (bc) was the second most common cancer in the world, with some 2,296,000 new breast cancer cases globally in 2022, accounting for about 11.5 per cent of all cancer cases worldwide; in 2022 there were about 35.72 million new breast cancer cases in China, accounting for 7.4 per cent of all cancer cases in China.
(er), the prognosis receptor (pr) and the expression of the human skin growth factor receptor 2 (her2) are divided into cavity a (luminala), cavity b (luminalb), triple vaginal (tnbc) and her-2 overform (her2-enriched).
Figure 14: The global burden of breast cancer. Figure 15: Breast cancer is the fourth largest cancer in the country. 2.5.1, tnbc patients are in urgent need of new and effective drugs. bl-b01d1 shows good therapeutic potential.
Third-negative breast cancer patients are currently treated primarily through chemotherapy and combined chemotherapy, and clinically lack of safe and effective target-to-drugs benefits the patients.
Guidelines for the treatment of breast cancer (2024 edition), the lack of er, pr, or her-2 signage, the lack of target drugs in pre-clinics, mostly based on chemotherapy or joint chemotherapy treatment. According to the guidelines and guidelines for the treatment of breast cancer in the Chinese Association for Combating Cancer (2024 edition), some of the tnbc patients have other positive signs, but they are currently addressed here.
Targeting for class patients is mostly not approved in clinical trials. Therefore, tri-negative breast cancer patients are currently mainly treated with chemotherapy and combined chemotherapy, but the combined chemotherapy is highly toxic and does not prove to be beneficial.
Two trop2adc drugs have been approved, and the company bl-b01d1 is the only egfr/her3 double-resistant adc entering the bed during the ii period. As of February 2025, two trop2adc drugs have been approved for the tnbc adaptation worldwide, one against Gosato and the other against the ginsatol.
Double resistance adc. bl-b01d1 backline treatment of tnbc patients shows excellent mpfs data. company bl-b01d1 shows good potential in 2/3l treatment of tnbc (through 1-2 linear chemotherapy) sub-groups where patients orr reach 50%, mpfs
Extended to 6.9 months. Non-head-to-head comparison with other trop2adc drugs is more effective than the approved Gosatoadol single resistance. 2.5.2, bl-b01d1 second-line treatment for hr+ breast cancer is excellent and joint immunotherapy first-line data is available.
The second-line treatment options for hr+/her2-breast cancer patients are very limited. Hormonal receptor positive (hr+) breast cancer is the most common subtype of breast cancer, accounting for about 70% of all breast cancers.
At this stage, the co-endocrine treatment of cdk4/6 has significantly improved patient expectations compared with the treatment of stand-alone endocrine, but there are still 25 to 35% of patients who are not responding to the cdk4/6 inhibitors and almost all patients end up producing resistant drugs, while the limited choice of second-line treatment options is a major challenge for clinical treatment.
bl-b01d1 shows good data on the early effects of multiple breast cancer cases. The company works 2024sabcs and publishes bl-b01d1 clinical data for multiple breast cancer cases i. According to the data, hhr-positive her negative.
Treatment, 45.7% after treatment, mpfs extended to 8.3 months, and moss is not yet mature.
By February 2025, except for lung cancer and breast cancer, bl-b01d1 had entered the Chinese-registered iii clinical period for late and transferary nasal cancer/cetone cancer/skin cancer on the urinary road.
New cases of nasal cancer are concentrated in our country, and there is currently a lack of safe and effective treatment for patients with back-snort cancer. According to data from GlobalCancerobservatory in 2022, there are about 120,000 new cases of cancer every year. Of these, China has more than 50,000 new cases of nasal cancer, a large country with new cases of nasal cancer.
Guidelines for the treatment of nasal cancer, which is the preferred treatment for first-line treatment, have a central place in the first-line treatment for late-stage nasal cancer. The post-gp jointpd-1 programme has been confirmed to further improve the non-progressive survival of patients. Jupiter-02 studies show that pd-1 jointgp takes patients mpfs from eight months.
There are currently no preferred treatment options for patients with failed first-line platinum programs, including the use of unused single-pharmacological therapy. The preferred three-line and more than three-line option is the pd-1 single-combat, which published the i-phase data for the treatment of multiple physical tumours at the level of bl-b01d1 in May 2024.
For example, the patient has a median treatment line of 3, with 37.8% corr and 6.8 months mpfs. The patient ' s survival period has been significantly prolonged since the treatment of bl-b01d1, as compared to the three-line treatment drugs currently used in the clinical context (Trepli/Carrellel single). According to the Polaris-02 and Captain studies, the patient ' s survival period has been significantly prolonged.
The results show that Triplei and Carrillos are 23.9% and 28.2% respectively, and mpfs 3.7 months, respectively, of failed treatments for second-line and higher-line patients. Dietal cancer is a malignant carcinoma in the highly lethal digestive tract worldwide, with more than 510,000 new cases per year worldwide.
According to the data for 2022, there are about 510,000 new cases of cerebral cancer every year. China has about 224,000 new cases of cerebral cancer every year, 90% of them cancer.
For patients who have received pd-1 single antipolymeric or combined chemotherapy on the first line, there are currently no standard treatments available for patients who have failed.
Based on data from 2023esmo-gi, alter-e-006 studies provide a retrospective analysis of past immunosuppressants treated at the Anrodeni Joint Immunological Screening Point.
The multi-centre real world data for treating terminal dietary cancer included 96 cases of past acceptance of a single month, with moss reaching 10.97 months, orr being 29.6 per cent of 71 assessable testees, according to the 1b/ii data published by Cardoni Lill against lancetoncology, and 22 cases of failed late dietary cancers.
After treatment, 18.2% orr and 50% dcr. In September 2024, the company published bl-b01d1 in esmo for the early treatment of terminal carcinomas, according to which patients orr and pfs benefited significantly. According to the early clinical data of bl-b01d1, the group is late.
74 cases of carcinoma in the diet, with a median line of treatment of 2 patients, with treatment of 2.5 mg/kgbl-b01d1 with a corr of 40.4%, mpfs of 5.4 months and moss not yet mature. Vesico-vesculosis is the most common malignant tumour in the urinary reproductive system, with about 614,000 new patients globally every year.
According to the data for 2022 from Globalcancerobservatory, there are about 614,000 new cases of bladder cancer worldwide, and 93,000 new cases of bladder cancer in China. Vegetable cancer is a common malignant tumor in the urinary system, which can be divided into urinary skin (movement cells) according to the classification of neoplasms in the WHO urine system.
Carcinomas, skeletal cell cancers, gland cell cancers and other sub-types. Of these, carcinomas are most common on the urinary path of the bladder, accounting for more than 90% of carcinomas, 3-7% on the urinary side of the bladder, and < 2% on the bladder.
High response rate. According to the 2024nccn bladder cancer treatment guidelines, first-line preferred treatment is for the Paboli Pearls, against the United Vientoyu, and second-line treatment is based on the Paboli Pearls resistance or chemotherapy. There is a clear lack of safe and effective treatment for post-vesco cancer patients. The company did so in September 2024 in esmo.
Publication of early data on bl-b01d1 treatment for late urinary path carcinomas, 12 cases of chemistial treatment (pbc or adc) with a high response rate of 75% corr. bl-b01d1 is in progress for lung, breast, nasal, edible and urinary road skin cancer
A ii phase of clinical treatment has been conducted for cancers such as spinal cord tumors, osteoporomas, cervical stek cell cancer and cervical cancer, and more poc data are expected forbl-b01d1 in the future.
Over the past decade, the company has built up a global leading research and development platform for innovative adc drugs (hire-adc platform), a global lead research platform for innovative multi-specific antibodies (gnc platform), and a speciality platform for the enhancement of bi-specific antibodies (seba platform) and an innovative research and development platform for arc (nuclear drugs)
(hire-arc platform). As of March 2025, the company had successfully developed three iii phase clinical assets (of which 2 adc drugs and 1 double anti-drug), 11 early core clinical assets (of which 6 adc drugs, 4 gnc drugs and 1 double anti-drug).
In addition, a new generation payload has been developed and installed in bl-b16d1 and bl-m17d1 (all in phase I).
New payloads for different mechanisms are also being developed. 3.1, bl-m07d1: Her2adc bl-m07d1 with bic potential is an innovative adc for her2 with best-in-class potential and has been clinically tested
Clinical trials, of which 2 iii, 3 ii, 3 i/ii and 3 i, covered second-line and above her2 positive breast cancers, her2 positive breast cancer support and her2 positive breast cancer new assisted treatments, as well as multiple adaptive conditions such as lung cancer, digestive tract tumours, urinary system tumours and gynaecology tumours; in the United States, male.
The Division is synchronizing the clinical trials for the treatment of solid tumors with bl-m07d1. bl-m07d1 is the link between the human-sourced her2 antibodies and the company ' s top-1 inhibitor ed-04, which connects to a cracking connector. dar is 8. bl-m07d1 is her2 special heterogeneity to the surface of the tumor cell.
Combining with her2 on the tumor cells, bl-m07d1 was internalized by the cell and subsequently released with a payload ed-04 in the soluble enzyme. Also, bl-m07d1 antibodies can selectively combine her2 on the tumor cell, inhibiting downstream signal activation, thereby increasing the anti-cancer activity of the adc. Furthermore, fc of the bl-m07d1 antibodies
As of March 2025, bl-m07d1 assisted treatments for hr+ breast cancer and second-line treatments for later/transferary hr+ breast cancer
As of March 2025, three her2adcs had been granted globally, one for Emeritus, the other for Decorator and the other for Viducito. Two her2adcs were in the Nda stage (active) and 10 her2adcs had entered iii in addition to company bl-m07d1.
The first-line proposal for breast cancer patients in hr, the second-line preferred treatment program includes a declerical bead and a joint capitol dani. According to the 2024csco breast cancer diagnosis guide, the first line uses a curded bead.
Researches like destiny-breast03 show that t-dxd has improved patients' pfs on t-dmi after the failure of the t-dmi treatment.
The disease progress or risk of death is 72% lower, and the status of t-dxd after the failure of the curry card resistance has been established, and the non-head-to-head comparison of the early bl-m07d1 data shows the potential of the bic. According to the study destiny-breast03, the figure is 78.9% for the dcr, 98.9% for the dcr, and 28.8 months for the mpfs.
Mos amounted to 52.6 months. According to a statement from the company ' s Ports Unit, the mid-term data for i Clinics, which started in July 2022, show encouraging efficacy and controlled safety as of 1 July 2024. (1) Her 2+bc patient orr reached 88.9%, corr 84.4%, dcr 100%. (2) in
Out of the 16 persons treated with her2-adc, orr reached 93.8 per cent, corr 87.5 per cent and dcr 100 per cent. (3) The number of her2 low expression bc patients who received a large number of previous treatments was 62.3 per cent, corr 54.7 per cent and dcr 94.3 per cent.
The company plans to move forward in the future with a bl-m07d1 drug for her2+cancer/new auxiliary treatment for breast cancer, tnbc, her2+ gastric cancer, second-line and above, and more.
The company will also continue to explore the potential co-benefits of bl-m07d1 with other treatments, and is expected to develop bl-m07d joint patoll resistance to her2 plus breast cancer and bl-m07d1 joint pd-1 to treat her2 plus ii of stomach cancer in the future.
3.2.bl-m11d1: It is possible to overcome existing security problems and become a new generation of cd33adc bl-m11d1s with the potential of the bic is the innovative cd33 adc of the company ' s own self-research. cd33 is a marrow cell.
The cross-film receptors expressed above are often overexpressed in cases of cancer in the blood-producing system. According to company certificates, between 85% and 90% of acute memorism leukemia (aml) patients express cd33 in their cell. bl-m11d1 antibodies are Gittobill resistance (a single clone antibodies with a target to cd33), capable of decomposing the connection.
It's an tissue protein enzyme b, with a payload of the company's new Top-1 inhibitor ed-04, and a dar of 10. bl-m11d1 also has a wild-type fc that can be used to guide adcc. cd33addc drugs are difficult to develop and multiple drugs have been unsafe.
The first approved cd33addc, in 2000, speeded up the approval of the Gittobill for treatment of patients over 60 years of age who are unfit for cell poison chemotherapy, cd33 positive aml after relapse. However, compared to chemotherapy drugs, Pfizer hosted in 2010 because of less visible clinical benefits and serious fatal liver damage.
After a restructuring of the Gittoll Monument resistance program, Fda approved for re-marketing in September 2017, including newly diagnosed adults with cd33 positive aml and children and adults aged two and over with a cure or relapse of cd33 positiveaml. vadastuximab is a target developed by seagen towards cd33adc
Drugs, in 2017, four of the subjects died of severe liver toxicity in a clinical trial in  and eventually all of the sgn-cd33a clinical trials were stopped due to safety problems. Adc drugs. bl-m11d1 is currently being assessed as a single drug in two i-clinic trials, respectively.
Early results of the dosage slope. As of 25 July 2024, 39 patients had received bl-m11d1 of 0.6~2.75 mg/kg and the median treatment line for all patients was 4. By the cut-off date, the dlt incident of bl-m11d1 had not been observed, no damage to the organs level III and above had been observed and no vold had been observed; 2 patients had died as a result of infection.
or related to drugs. Of the 7/14/4 assessable subjects (1. 65/2.2/2.75 mg/kg dose group), 4 dual/multi-resistant R & D platforms continued to work, with multiple Fic drugs emerging from 4.1, si-b001 (egfr/her3 double resistance) expected to complement bl-b01d1 in the future.
si-b001 is a four-priced bi-specific antibodies, with two different egfr and her3 combinations. i-b001 is designed to inhibit the formulation of egfrxegfr in combination with egfr and her3. i-b001 is designed to inhibit the activation of downstream signals by inducing egfr in combination with egfr and her3.
In addition, si-b001 can guide the adcc effect through wild fc. si-b001 has a unique structure that can accumulate and work in the co-expression of egfr and her3 tumor cells and minimize their association with her3 in normal tissue.
Compared to the combined use of two monoclonal antibodies, si-b001 provides a new mechanism for achieving a stronger tumor inhibition. The impact on normal tissues is smaller. According to insight data, company si-b001 is the only clinical stage in the world that is currently in a positive state.
Egfr/her3 double resistance. The duligotuzumab of Roth was the first egfr/her3 pair to enter the clinical world, but duligotuzumab failed to defeat Cetore in the clinical phase ii of rectum cancer, and the early gastrointestinal tract was too toxic to be developed. duligotuzumab obtained fab, mainly through parent screening.
The selection against her3 is slightly higher than that of egfr. The company si-b001 has a unique structure, which is associated only with the egfr target and minimizes its association with or suppression of her3 in normal tissues.
Ex20ins mutagenic Nsclc adaptive stage has entered critical clinical stage. As of March 2025, si-b001 is in the process of registering the iii clinical phase for undrived gene mutation nsclc, and the igfrex20ins mutation nsclc is in the critical ii/ii.
4.2. Global multi-resistant drugs are still in the early stages of exploration, and global multi-resistant drug research and development is in the early stages of development, with no products yet on the market. Multi-specific antibodies are capable of identifying and combining antibodies with more than two different antigens.
As of March 2025, 24 of the world's most resistant to clinical ii, four of them against four, and twenty of them against three. In the field of anti-drugs, the country's faster progress is in such companies as the Shenzhou Cells, Sindha Organisms. In the field of anti-drugs, the best progress has been made, with four special antibodies.
The gnc platform is a platform developed independently by the company for the development of multi-specific antibodies, and four anti-drugs are now in the clinical stage. The gnc platform is fully autonomous.
Intellectual property rights, independently developed multi-specific antibodies development platform for the development of multiple-specific antibodies with symmetric/asymmetric structures that can target multiple antigens simultaneously. As of March 2025, the company had four four-specific t-cell connectors in the clinical stage.
(cd3x4-1bbxpd-l1xegfrviii) and gnc-077 have entered the i-stage clinical trial.
The company started its chemical imitation and Chinese medicine business, and after many years of development, it has formed a unique and competitive cluster of products in the field of chemical and Chinese medicine, and has also established a complete research supply system. As of the 2024 report, the company had 202 registered batches of chemical agents and 19 registered batches of chemical raw materials.
Due to factors such as national collections, the company’s chemical counterfeiting operations have declined, and the Chinese pharmaceutical plates are close to the market, which cover clinically urgent treatment areas such as anaesthesia, intestinal nutrients, anti-infection, and paediatrics.
In 2023, the company received $164 million in pharmaceutical preparations, compared to 8.32%. In the traditional medium-medium medicine sector, the company built a matrix of star products based on 30 medium-medium batches.
As of March 2025, the company had not been approved for innovative medicines. We contributed to sales revenue in 2027 according to the company’s expectation that we would be approved in China in the next three years; 2legfrmt/driven gene negative nsclc, 2l
es-sclc and 2ltnbc/hr+her2-bc are expected to submit an Nda application in 2026 and to be marketed in 2027. Assuming that egfrmtnsclc is treated first line of bl-b01d1 in 2029 and three lines of treatment for urine skin cancer in 2028.
(2) bl-m07d1: Her2-positive breast cancer is expected to contribute to the company ' s revenue by 2027.The arithmetic calculates the company ' s adjusted Beta is 0.77, the no-risk rate of return is based on a 10-year yield on public debt of 1.838, the effective rate assumption is 15%, and the calculated weighted average capital cost is 5.99%.
On 11th of December, the present value of the Breath is $97.9 billion, covered for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating. Clinical research and development for drugs has failed: there is greater uncertainty about the development of innovative medicines, and there is a risk of failure in the clinical phase, the iii phase and the nda declaration phase;
(b) Loss of core members: innovative drug development is a high-risk, high-investment project that relies more on core research and development.
The ability of management teams is at risk of losing their core members. The pattern of competition in the industry has deteriorated: many innovative medicines for auto-exempt diseases have been approved for the market, there are a large number of pipelines, and there may be future competitions for better therapeutic efficacy and safety.