Short-term pressure from the coal industry, with the first medium-term bonus focusing on shareholder returns Events: 27 August 2025, mid-point 2025, Shanxi Coal, first half of 2025, Shanxi Coal (000983).
Under the influence of downstream demand and market price poles, companies achieve operating income of $18.53 billion, a decline of 16.30 per cent compared to the previous year. In sub-operations, coal plates achieve revenue of $10,394 million, a decrease of 13.48 per cent compared to the previous year.
On the cost side, corporate coal has a 47.55% Māori rate in the first half of the year, down from 6.69 percentage points in the same period in the previous year.
It is important to note that the coal layers in the company's mining areas are stable, near-level coal layers, simple geological formations, low mining costs, and high cost advantages.
Source, high-quality and scarce coal species, such as coke-filled coal, have the advantages of low ash, low sulfur, good focal points, etc., which are more in line with the new trends in future large-scaleization of furnaces and the transformation of the iron and steel industry, and corporate coal products may have greater price elasticity and resilience.
The company's performance can be improved over time by making good choices and improving efficiency. Negative raw materials prices and the market have led to a drag on performance. The power heat plate has benefited from lower fuel costs and poor production capacity.
Point to 8.44% becomes a performance stabilizer. On the other hand, the company actively expands its future development space 24.705 billion yuan in coal and co-bauxite prospecting rights in Lui Liang County, Western Province, Sindha Securities Co. Ltd.
The prospecting rights survey covers an area of 52.1821 square kilometres, with a coal resource reserve of 95.2775,000 tons, cindasecuritiesco., ltd bauxite resource reserve of 55.612 million tons and sorghum resource reserve of 3,431.28 tons.
One third of the coal, gas and gas can be expected to produce 8 million tons of coal per year, which was obtained in June 2025 as a permit for the survey of mineral resources in Beijing's West Side, where coal resources have synergies with existing mining areas of the company.
Optimizes the cash-scaling pace and fulfils the promise of a “double return on quality.” Companies value shareholders’ returns and, in early 2024, develop and disclose a programme of action on “double return on quality”
A gold dividend of 0.36 yuan (including taxes) was found, with a combined contribution of 204 million yuan, or 20.16% of the net profit of the first half of the year. This was the first time that a company had implemented a medium-term bonus aimed at actively re-disbursing investors and allowing shareholders to share in the development results of the company.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: company-owned rich coal-based coal-fired and high-quality primary coal-fired, with an advantage of scale and a market leader, with the prospect of sustained growth from the introduction of high-quality coal assets, strong endogenous energy from efficient operations and future growth values
Risk factors: The macroeconomic downturn has led to a significant decline in coal prices, uncertainty in industrial policies, Ming Wing, Ph.D., registered consulting (investment) engineer, member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Board, member of the China Price Association ' s coal price ad hoc committee and former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (head)
In the area of coal and energy-related research and advisory services, over a decade has been devoted to research and development projects on coal exploration and development in the country's 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey, technical policy revisions in the coal industry and enterprise-related consultations. In June 2016, the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre was joined to conduct research in the coal industry and is currently the head of the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly Coal Economics and Finance Research Institute, and Doctor of Mining, Senior Engineer, Chinese University of Mines (Beijing), former Minister of Investment and Investment in Secondary Sub-enterprises of the China Coal Industry Group, who worked for many years in coal mining production, technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, 2022
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert, assistant to the Director of the China Institute for Research and Technology on the petrochemical economy and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060.
In March 2023, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the area of large energy sources and research in the petrochemical sector.
Kwok Shei, two master's degree in environmental engineering at Beijing University/National University of Singapore, B.A. in environmental engineering, Beijing, five years of research in the environmental industry, upstream and downstream, and in the carbon industry. Xin Qin Ho, Master's degree in electricity systems at Austin University, Texas, United States, B.A. in electrical engineering and its automation, Tianjin University.
Three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity sector research, Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for public sector environmental research
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest. Joined the Sunda Securities Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong. Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
Lee Young, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in September 2022 for research on coal and coal mineral intelligence, Li Dung, Master of Architecture, University of Southern California, January 2023 for research on coal.
Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.