The fall in the price of coal affected the harvest, with medium-term dividends focused on shareholder returns (2025,9-4).
\triangleright, second quarter of 2025, the company achieved a single-quarter operating income of RMB 9,028 million, an increase of 0.02 per cent over the ring, a net profit of RMB 333 million attributable to the parent owner, the ring
In the first half of the year, the company’s coal-fired power supply fell, but cost controls were prominent. The first half of the year, when coal supply and demand eased, and coal prices continued to be explored, led to a fall in coal business and Māori, but companies strengthened cost controls by fine-tuning management.
The cost is effectively controlled.
Point \triangleright. The company's loss is due mainly to the low demand in the downstream steel industry and the cost of manpower to phase out the crocatorium plant.
Electricity thermal operations: revenues from electricity thermal operations in the first half of 2025 of $3.145 billion, \triangleright g@dtsbc.com.cn
Percentage point. Coal prices have fallen, and the super-incorporated companies have actively promoted energy-saving emission reductions, optimized transport, and Māori and Māori rates have continued to rise, including at the F12 and F13 Camps of the World Trade Center in Shanxi.
On August 27th, 2025, the board of directors and the Supervisory Board adopted the semi-annual profit distribution programme for 2025, with a continuing weakening of the price of coal in the first half of the year 2025, and the price of Xinhua Hill Xinhua Xiaoqiao Coal Association.
The index fell from $1215 per ton at the beginning of the year to $1037 per ton at the end of June, with a cumulative drop in inspections, and further improvements in the profits of downstream steel companies, high start-up rates and average daily iron production, higher water yields, and a wave of coal prices. Right now, right now."
In the Golden 9-Hin 10 phase, but subject to the recession in the real estate market, downstream steel companies are expected to have limited profit repairs and remain dominated by rigid demand; the supply of coal is still constrained by overproduction inspections and holds, and the total stock of steel is in a low position, and the price of coal is expected to be burnt.
In the company ' s projected coal production of 46 million tons in 2025, in the context of the existing storage and extraction plans for coal in the mountains and in the west, as well as trends in industry and the need for companies to stabilize production, I broadly define the type and level of portfolio investment rating:
The report accurately and objectively reflects the author’s own research views, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by third parties. To the extent that the researcher is aware, the researcher, the author, and the stakeholders in the property, together with the evidence evaluated or recommended, have a qualitative and quantitative combination of the research methods used in the present report, and the information on which this report is based.
There are limitations to the conclusions and judgements of the study, which represent only the views expressed prior to the issuance of the report.Accuracy and completeness, so securities are not liable for losses resulting from the use of the information contained in the report.