The official launch of Starfire x1 with One Machine: Multi-Professional Innovation and Deep Insight Break-through: On March 3rd, 2025, the C.S.S.I.S. announced a new upgrade of the S.S.S.S. Big Fire model and the release of the first Starsfire 1+DeepSeek as a heavy weight upgrade machine.
Two-engine ai learning machine. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
Mathematical reasoning takes a full view of the markers Deepseek-r1 and openal-o1. As the only national production training in the current state, the big reasoning model X1 is re-upgraded and, in the case of model parameters that are less than their industry counterparts, a level of magnitude, the mathematical capability takes a full view of the markers Deepseek-r1 and Openal-o1, in the middle.
Upgraded starlights x 1 are held, and applications and products such as Xiaoqiao Doctor, Starfire Teacher Assistant, and Quickfiai Learner have been upgraded. This upgrade has significantly reduced the medical hallucination problem with the Big Star Medical Model x 1 .
The results of the reasoned tasks of diagnostic referral, health counselling, examination and examination reports have exceeded gpt-4o and Deepseek-r1; the upgraded helper of the Starfire teacher has achieved “thinking visualization” of the ai tool in the teaching of education, which is more conducive to teaching innovation and to the development of students' high-level mental skills; and the products in the field of justice.
The new upgrade of Judge Yang's assistant has not only effectively addressed the intellectual illusions of the traditional big model, but has also significantly enhanced the laws needed for complex scenarios such as evidence review, sentencing support, and sentencing.
On February 28, SWAT launched its first two-engine "Star Firex1+Deepseek" learning machine with heavy pounds.
Fire one, with a brand-new 4u training one and a 2u reasoning one, will be evaluated in 2024 from arithmetic, modelling, training, 2. Science major flight (002230.sz): reasoning to application, nationalization support, rapid deployment, open-boxing, no domain access and data security.
Keeping up the upswing. Starfire 4.0 vs. gpt4turbo-one machine to support the two-engine deepseek, in-depth thinking and industry understanding. Industry knowledge 2024/08/26
A 30% rise in awareness, a 10% drop in model hallucinations, and based on the Skylight Fire One, the company has also launched a one-stop shop for medical, political, high-school, legal, police and other scenarios. 24-year Quarterly Review: Starfires are gradually facing the sign gpt4,ai
Launch the first two-engine "Starfirex1+deepseek" dual-engine ai learning machine: t30 series.
With the model in place, the Quest Flyingi machine has achieved ai1 to 1 precision, ai1 to 1 English accent, and the parent-end upgrade of the three functions of the Quest Flyingi, which has effectively made up for the problems of the original Deepseek teaching, understanding, knowledge hallucination, and lack of personal chemistry data, and has ensured the common realization of the Quasi.
At the same time, teachers, students, and parents effectively safeguard the professionalism and safety of the educational applications of the fall-in-the-ground.  Investment proposal: A deep reasoning model x 1 is ready for a full upgrade + a heavy-pound release of the starlights – body machines and the first two-engine series of "Starfires x 1 + Deepseek" – bring new to the company.
Performance growth points, with company revenues projected at 23.6 billion, 28.4 billion and 34 billion \triangleright, respectively for 2024-2026, leading to research findings, independent and objective production of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.