The core value of the assets is highlighted by the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
* Incidents: Recent price increases for titanium powder giants. Cormew claims to have sold ti-pure dollars in the Greater China District since 1 January. Tenor also announces that, as of 1 January, the supply and demand pattern of titanium powder continues to be excellent for all tronox titanium dioxide products in Asia and the Pacific.
Limited. In the long term, environmental restrictions on new sulphate devices, further technological breakthroughs in chlorination, extended voice rights in the hands of the python, and a clear trend towards continued improvement in supply and demand structures and concentration. (2) Demand side: demand is expected to exceed expectations. In 2017, under the auspices of the city's policy,
Four lines of inventory boosted real estate growth rates of 7.9 per cent in January-November, while in 2018, the current housing stock regulation had opened marginal laxity and three lines of shed monetization had been over-anticipated, and real estate sales were expected to cover the January-November year, when we exported 743,000 tons of titanium powder, a significant increase of 12.8 per cent.
In addition, price increases from foreign titanium powder giants will further benefit the country’s titanium powder exports. The titanium powder international giants are expected to continue the long line premium.
Being Asia’s number one and world’s fourth titanium powder company is the only one in the country that produces titanium powder with both sulfuric acid and chlorination processes on a scale scale. The company owns a larger, stable supply of raw materials and has a full industrial advantage.
The company is considered to be an absolute titanium powder giant in the country, with a strong resource, technology, and profitability, and a long-term premium that is expected to continue in the context of the industry’s history of continuous improvement. The core asset value is highlighted by the continued expansion of the production of the Dragon Heads.
From a global perspective, the ability to produce titanium powder is around 60%, largely monopolized by foreign firms.
The company’s ability to compete for a global market for titanium powder for chlorination is becoming more evident in the value of its core assets. The company’s role as a domestic titanium powder leader is highlighted by the industry chain pattern, production processes, and profitability.
Competition risks, price volatility of raw materials, and environmental policy risks. Assuming an average tax price of $18,000 per ton per ton per tonic product in 2017, an average tax price of $19,000 per ton per ton for titanium powder product in 2018, and an average tax price of $19,500 per ton per ton in 2019.
Assumption 2: Silicon operations and other operations remain stable, and Novo will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.