The price of titanium is rising again, and the profit continues to be optimized by the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Incident: The company announced an increase in the price of its titanium powder products. The company stated that, as of 7 February, sales prices for various titanium powder products to domestic customers were increased by RMB 500/ton on the basis of the original price; and international customers were increased by $200/ton for titanium chloride and $150/ton for the sulphate titanium powder products.
• The supply and demand patterns are excellent, and titanium powder prices are expected to continue to move up. In 2017, the demand for titanium powder was higher than expected, with a net of 10,000 tons, higher than the additional 100,000 tons of capacity added to the industry in 18 years, supply and demand patterns would continue to be optimized, and titanium powder prices were expected to move up. Specifically: (1) supply end: limited capacity growth.
There are environmental restrictions on new devices, the chlorination method has yet to be further technological breakthroughs, the extension of voice rights is in the hands of a small number of chlorinated enterprises, and there is a clear trend towards continuous improvement in supply and demand structures and concentration of leads. (2) Demand side: demand is expected to be higher than expected. In 2017, under the "Insizing" policy, three or four lines were moved to stock.
Real estate grew by 7.9% in the same year as in November, and in 2018, the current real estate regulation was opened with marginal easing and three-line re-monetization, which is expected to remain at a higher level, thus driving the demand for titanium powder to remain strong. Moreover, exports are expected to continue to improve.
Capital investment has opened, overseas properties are resonant, and titanium exports are expected to increase. Moreover, foreign titanium powder giants will raise prices to further benefit our titanium exports.
The ability to produce white powder, the world’s fourth largest titanium powder company in Asia, is the only one in the country to produce titanium powder with both sulphate and chlorination processes on a scale scale.
The company will have the ability to compete for a global market for titanium powder. The value of the core assets will become more pronounced. The company has a larger, more stable supply of raw materials.
We believe that companies are the country’s absolute titanium powder giants, with a strong resource, technology, and profitability, and that a long-term premium can be expected to continue in the context of a history of continuous industrial improvement. The dynamic pe is 15 times, 12 times, and 10 times, respectively, and the company is a domestic titanium powder dragon, a chain of industry.
Assumptions, production processes, and profitability highlight the firm’s strong competitive advantage, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Risks, environmental policy risks, construction projects under way, and production progress or expectations.
The average tax price for powder products is $19,000 per ton and $19,500 per ton, respectively, assuming that the operations of the thorium and other operations remain stable, and that Noro will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.