Performance grew by 464 per cent, with titanium powder being the most expensive beneficiary - the Python Pelicans fast-performance bulletin for 2017. On 27 February, the company released its fast-performance report for 2017, yielding a gross operating income of $10.35 billion, a year-on-year increase.
According to the company ' s annual flash report, the company ' s accumulated net return profit in 2017 was $2.49 billion, an increase of 463.95 per cent over the same period. The large increase in performance was mainly due to a sharp increase in titanium prices.
The price of titanium powder in four quarters is an average price of $19,100 per ton, an increase of 26.49 per cent for the same year, a decline of 4.70 per cent from the third quarter, mainly due to the low rate of downtime work at the end of the year near spring and the fact that titanium powder channels are well prepared and have returned to short price periods. The annual average price of titanium powder in 2017 was $19208 per ton, an increase of 33.82 per cent for the same year.
The company has 560,000 tons/year of titanium powder, which is ranked number one in Asia and fourth in the world, the only company in the field of titanium powder that has entered the international ladder, and the company that has benefited most from the high price of titanium powder in our country. The company is in contrast to the 300-year-old trend.
At the same time, the company’s performance has also benefited from the merger of the ridges, which will further increase the self-sufficiency ratio of the raw materials, i.e., magnetic ore, with a clear advantage of upstream-downstream linkages. The domestic supply and demand balance of titanium is tight, and internationalization has accelerated company growth.
\triangleright, according to the Association of Titanite Industries, in 2017 we produced 3.55 million tons of titanium powder, and 41 enterprises in the country produced 2.8695 million tons of titanium powder, an increase of 270,000 tons compared to 2016, an increase of 10.49 per cent.
The industrial capacity utilization rate was 80.8%, an increase of 5.8 percentage points from 2016, while titanium powder produced less in 2018. titanium concentrates account for more than 30% of the cost of titanium powder, and the country’s titanium resources are more than 30% dependent. International titanium concentrates have been at higher price levels, pushing up the price of downstream titanium powder.
Real estate, decoration, automobiles, etc. are in the process of recovery or stabilization, and the demand for titanium powder is stable. The international downstream re-painting market will be at the onset of the weather cycle, supporting the price of titanium powder in the long run.
Most titanium powder production in the country is currently sulphatic, and the demand for integrated resource use and environmental support facilities is high at the initial and late stages of the new project because of the need for a step-by-step treatment of titanium powder by-products of sulphate.
Small businesses will face cost increases or cutbacks in production, while large 1. Disaggregated industry leaders: titanium powder, pta, and pure enterprises are expected to enjoy the dividends of marginal pricing.
The company is the only company in the country with both sulphate and chlorinated alkaline, pvc-based titanium powder, the only one in the country that is currently expanding to 200,000 tons of titanium powder.
2. Persistence: Performance: The chlorination plants under construction will remain in place for a longer period of time as the chlorination process matures.
3. U.S.A. (00261) Company review: performance forecast, third, profit forecast and investment proposal expected to continue to improve.
5. U.S.A. (002.61) The semi-annual report is consistent with the sharp fall in the price of titanium powder and the slower than expected increase in the production of the chlorinated titanium powder.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements The head of the chemical industry of the Institute of Ocean Securities, the first author, published two papers in the international leading academic sci journal, author of a securities investment advisory qualification or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and data used in the report were derived from the compliance channels
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,