Europa's house (603833.sh) fell by 14% in the quarter, with enough orders to make light work and household goods.
DJ: 1) A quarter of performance is overstretched and there are sufficient orders in hand: a quarter of low-income double-digits, more affected by high base, fixed-cost net profit loads; retail end forward-looking indicators increase by double-digits. Contract liabilities are retail end forward-looking indicators, 2023q1 contract negative
There is still an increase in the revenue from the baths, and the distribution of the packages is still growing: 2023q1 income for everyone increased by 9.5 per cent to 450 million yuan on a year-on-year basis. 3) The market leadership in the area of custom housing and the strategic layout of the build-up for everyone are overstretched. Based on the time difference between delivery and stocking of orders, the first quarter of 2023 is still affected by the epidemic at the end of 2022. We maintain a profit forecast that the net profit for 2023-2025 is projected to be separate.
The company achieved operating income of 3.57 billion yuan, compared to 13.8 per cent; the net return was less than one month between the delivery of goods, delivery, recognition of income, and the family ' s performance in the first quarter was still affected by an outbreak in late 2022.
Short-term pressure on start-up, off-line sales, and freight logistics; net profit declines are larger, owing to a higher base in the first quarter of 2022; and higher fixed cost per se in the first quarter of 2022 and less effective in amortizing the cost of revenue decline, reflecting a sufficient volume of corporate orders, which are expected to translate into second-quarter performance.
Figure 2: The net profits and speed of the company’s return to the mother, the income of the baby baths has continued to grow, the distribution channels have continued to grow, and the income of the various products and channels has been affected.
By the end of 2022, the European retail system had started to build 102 everyone’s stores. The investment proposal is to keep everyone at the top of the strategy.
The growth rate of corporate income under the influence of the epidemic and the property chain is still bright, and we look forward to the stability and growth of corporate performance. As industry leaders, companies have a strong competitive power, especially at the present time in the pipeline, where companies have a strong competitive advantage in retail dressing and dress-up, which pre-empts the business, and also in the fast-growing size of the upholstered business, with the Europeans relying on their product, channel, brand advantage.
In the future, it is hoped that companies will be assisted in increasing client efficiency, reducing user costs, and generating rapid growth in more categories of goods. For their long-term sustained growth, consumption recovery has fallen short of expectations; real estate sales have fallen short of expectations; and industry competition patterns have deteriorated. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author