Europa home (603833.sh) grew by 10% in 2022, closets and ancillary operations led to growth at a moderate rate of robust net profit growth throughout the year, and net interest rates improved by the same time in four quarters.
Steady, net profit growth slowed. Fy2022 achieved business income of $22.480 billion, decelerating income growth and rising cost rates. Overall profitability was stable, net interest rates were 11.9%, compared to -1.1 pp. Revenue growth slowed down in the fourth quarter, and profit rates were significantly repaired. Fy022q4 managed to earn business.
For example, there has been a rapid increase in the income from closets and accessories. Benefiting from the strategy of housekeeping, company closets, and important engines of growth for Europe. The revenue from cabinet operations has fallen by 5 per cent; the annual decline in the number of places of income from wooden doors and goods; and the year-round increase in the rate of Maori from the first half of the year to the second half of the year;
The increase in the Māori rate is expected to be related to the easing of cost pressures and the implementation of price increases. Sub-channels are seen to be growing rapidly at the retail end, and large-scale engineering channels are affected by the completion of real estate projects, which have led to a decline in income.
Of these, straight-line revenues grew rapidly by 20.1 per cent; bulk channels fell by 4.8 per cent year-round as a result of the completion of real estate, with the return of the “guaranteed delivery” policy during the fourth quarter of the year rising positively, at a rate of +2.3 per cent per cent per year.
Continuing expansion: by the end of 2022, the total number of Europa terminals was 7615. The kitchen retail outlets were new, with over 440 retail outlets, over 4,000 retail system partnerships, new integrated kitchen business models, Europa residence (603833.sh) - annual growth of 5-15% and net profit growth.
Over 170, and over 100 cities with over-housers. 2) We're all on two sides of the same coin: decorating the Europolitik (603833.sh) - 6% growth in income in the third quarter, increased contractual liabilities, home-based operations driven by Europa/Panist brands; by the end of 2022, the European retail system had been launched.
In the first half of the year, income grew by 18 per cent, and the construction of 102 everyone's stores was strategically planned. 3) The brand O'Halley has grown rapidly: for the first time, the O'Palatinate has broken through the Euro-Purpose (603833.sh) - 18 per cent growth in the first half of the year, with net cost pressures.
Thousands of homes, 1,054, and 266 new open shops. Income of $1.84 billion, an increase of 29.1% over the same period.
Market leadership in the field, and the strategic layout under which we all fit together, have been able to outpace. Based on the time difference between the payment and the order, the first quarter of 2023 was still affected by the late 2022 outbreak, with a small downward adjustment to the steady net profit growth of the year’s income, which slowed down to a four-quarter net.
Overall income growth was robust and net profit growth slowed. Fy2022 achieved operating income of $22,480 million, decelerated income growth in the fourth quarter, and profit margins were substantially repaired. Fy2004 achieved operating income of $6,211 million, an increase of 2.83 per cent compared to 2.83 per cent, with income growth showing a downward trend on a seasonal basis; and net profit return of $698 million, a rise compared to the increase.
26.41 per cent; net profit not attributable to the mother is 672 million yuan, an increase of 35.24 per cent over the same period. The net profit for the year is influenced by factors such as cost, cost, product structure and change in channel structure. The four-quarter net profit is better when it falls below the cost of raw materials, when price increases are implemented, and when the cost of reduction is shown.
Figure 6: A single-quarter deduction of net profits and speed of increase for the company, with rapidly growing closets and accessories. Benefiting from the strategy of housekeeping, revenues from the company ' s closets and accessories grew rapidly, with revenue growing by 19% in 2022, with 12% in the second half of the year, becoming Europa.
Long and important engines. A 5% decline in revenue from cabinet operations; a 5% increase in the number of digits for wooden doors and goods. In terms of Maori rates, the ratio for clothing and accessories has increased, and the rate for the same year is lower than in 2021; the rate for cabinets has been more stable throughout the year, rising in the second half of the year compared to the first half of the year, and the rates for wooden doors and bathrooms have risen.
Disaggregated channels, where retail outlets are growing at a rapid rate, and bulk engineering channels, which are affected by the completion of real estate, are experiencing a decline in income. Retail channels are growing at a rapid pace, benefiting from the rapid development of residential strategies, home-made customizations, and retail channels are growing at a rapid rate. Retail channels are growing by 12.4 per cent throughout the year, with a rapid increase of 20.1 per cent in revenue from direct lines; and large channels are experiencing a decline of 4.8 per cent throughout the year, which is affected by the completion of real estate.
In the fourth quarter of the year, the recovery of the “ensured delivery” policy was positive, with a positive increase over the previous +2.3%, as a result of the increase in cash paid for goods and services. The road to the top of the strategy, O’Hara, is on its way.
There are more than 440 new outlets in the kitchen retail outlets, more than 4,000 in the retail system, more than 170 in the kitchen business model, and more than 100 in the cities with more than everyone. Everyone climbs up on two sides: the whole house business is driven by the Euros, the Pennis brands, and the retail business is cut off.
By the end of 2022, the European retail system had started to build 102 everyone’s stores. The sub-brand “Opery” had grown rapidly: for the first time, the O’Pheri Gate shop had broken through a thousand houses, reaching 1,054 and opened 266 new ones. The income was $1.84 billion, an increase of 29.1 per cent over the previous year.
Investment Recommendations: Consider that we are at the top of the strategy of over-growth, and that external factors such as repeated domestic epidemics, high prices for raw materials and continued weak real estate in 2022 create a lot of uncertainty for the home sector. The growth in corporate incomes, influenced by the epidemic and the property chain, is still visible.
Keep in mind the stability and growth of the company's performance. The company's ability to compete as an industry is significant, especially in the area of dress-up, which now displays a strong competitive advantage, on the one hand, through retail dressing and dress-up, which pre-empts business, and, on the other hand, through the rapid growth of the size of the preparation business, the Europeans, with their own industry.
Products, channels, brand advantages, and the future are expected to help companies increase their client efficiency, reduce their client costs, and generate faster growth in more categories. For their long-term sustained growth, the authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, and through sound judgement and conclusions, the results of the analysis will be very useful.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author