Europa Homes (603833): 2301 short performance Events: Companies published a quarterly report in 2023. Business income of 2023q1 was 3.57 billion yuan, compared to the previous year
A customized family, such as closets, whole baths, and custom wooden doors, is under pressure to keep the whole family strategy moving forward.
The company has the base for the manufacture of internationalized household products, as compared to 13.0%. The revenue from retail operations during the quarter was mainly due to the delivery of orders at the plant end in December-February.
The impact of the epidemic is greater, with the entire cabinet being the backbone, leading to the development of the industry. The plastic business is still on the rise, and the strategy is moving forward.
In the case of non-house projects, it is expected that they will remain stable throughout the year. In the case of intakes, cabinets, closets and accessories, baths, wooden doors will achieve income of 10.9, 19.8, 1.8, and cabinets, respectively, mainly as a result of the whole family’s strategic drive, the increase in the value of the guest bill, and further consumer recognition of the whole product.
The baths and wooden doors are still expanding. The baths are growing in reverse, and we assume that they are associated with marketing effects. Overall, operations are under pressure during the short period of disinfection, and corporate strategy in adversity is still moving fast, maintaining a leading advantage.
The organizational structure continues to be optimized with sufficient future availability of orders. The consumption end has improved significantly since Spring Festival, and in March, the circulation b/h (millions of shares) billion yuan, with the ring increasing by 900 million yuan, or +25 per cent, reflecting the company’s adequate stock of orders; 2) operating
With a net cash flow of $740 million, the first time since it was marketed in the first quarter, we assume that it is mainly due to increased repayments from distributors and higher product deposits. Moreover, companies are actively promoting the optimization of their organizational structures, moving forward with corporate strategy from the organizational level, which is expected to help sustain corporate business expansion.
Profitability is influenced by business leverage, short-term pressure. 23q1 profitability is broken down, Māori is under pressure, where depreciation amortization costs and management costs are applied more rigidly, causing Māori rates and management rates to remain low before prices of raw materials, and the company's performance this year has increased profit margins in the business sector.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: companies are actively moving in business while building up the industry’s leading channels of business experience and dealer resources. Performance is under pressure, but orders are sufficient and everyone is still on strategy.
Keep moving. We're looking forward to the company's continued growth of 14805210001 Eastern financial and intellectual resources through its variety, channels, brands and multiple dimensions.
Europa Home (603833): 23q1 short-term performance pressure, full recovery energy, the source of financial prosperity in the East, Liu Tanda
Changja Jay, research assistant profile, Shen Chong Lwin.
He spends on light work research, and analyzes his own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Europe (603833): 23q1 performance is short-lived and recovery activity is adequate.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.