The organizational restructuring strategy has deepened, and the bottom of the valuation is concerned with opportunities for configuration The European family (603833) event: a recent major restructuring of the organizational structure and personnel of the company, according to the European delegation
The restructuring was aimed primarily at the Euro-Safe, the European-Safe, and the construction of a home for everyone, bringing the backbones of the original medium-level and higher-level departments into the regional distribution department, with the branding department coordinating the development of cooking and clothing, and considering that the profits in the weight of the test were greater than income.
For headquarters, we believe it is possible to accelerate the integration of goods and enhance management efficiency. The main change in this adjustment is that the former “three goods” department was replaced by the “three areas” department, namely, the cabinet guard, the whole house, and the integration of all of them into the three departments, with the first/second division by region.
In terms of top-level personnel changes, according to U.S. officials, Liu Sunping, General Manager of the former Whole Marketing Department, Zhang Su-hyeong, General Manager of the Cook Guard Marketing Department, and Zhang Xiaofeng, Chief Executive Officer of the U.S. Marketing Department, respectively, were appointed as the new Director General of the First/Second/Third Marketing Department.
To the north-east of East China, south-east of North-West China, south-west of China, and south-west of China. We believe that this adjustment will bring Euro branding to 84% this year, and that each of the three departments will have a unified management of the whole category, with the hope of better coordinating the supply chain, product development, and delivery of multi-grade products.
Integration strategies, such as logistics, are on the ground, while increasing the convergence of the “European” brand, which is more relevant to the regional marketing of resources; and (2) more efficient management, with 3231 salesmen in 22 years, as past product categories, channels and sub-brand layouts have expanded and sales have been made.
The number of people per manager dropped from 5.4 in 2016 to 2.4 in 2022. We believe that the integration of the Ministry will result in improved efficiency and reduced internal communication costs, while regional fine-tuning will lead managers to move from a single function to a full-fledged one.
With regard to channels, we believe that the effects of the restructuring of the organizational structure need not be overly worrying in the short term, and that the restructuring will facilitate the exploration of the model of \triangleright so as to accelerate long-term strategic landings. Some investors are concerned about the impact of corporate agents.
The system has a higher share of splits, and the integration orientation of this adjustment has a greater impact on the channel. We believe that this adjustment will have a limited impact on the split system, and that the most important changes will be to increase the motivation of the agents. First, there is a low concentration of distributors in the corporate system, which was five years ago.
Client sales accounted for only 5.94 per cent of total annual sales, and were not stringent during the strategic landing at Headquarters.
Start, you're going to be in the top-heavy, thin-haired way. Because of the difference in the consumption order, it's not just co-trading, it's going to be +2, Europole House (603833): Retail.
The single value of the clothes is raised. The number of company cabinets (including clothes) and stand-alone closet dealers in 22 years, the number of bright-eyes, the q2 Māori rate, the level of performance, will continue to operate independently for some time to come. Again, with the early days.
What's different is that the core of Europe's push is now the European brand endorsement, which combines multi-species for sale through a collaborative renovation operation, so that the entire-species list on the chain is installed, rather than simply showing multi-species for sale in the store.
We believe that the unified management of multi-grades will increase the motivation of agents to explore common ground, and that the combination of residential models for agents will be much more demanding in the long run.
The collection capacity goes up the stairs and further boosts the power of the channel.
At the bottom of the historical valuation, the focus is on configuration opportunities and maintaining the "buy-in" rating.
Retailing is helping agents to cope with changes in the demand of consumers, together with the challenges that change channels pose to traditional business patterns, and also reflects management's insight into consumption trends and strong enforcement.
The business model has an innovative and iterative leadership, and the industry ' s adjustment period has a long-term strategy to accelerate. My risk factor: the risk of macroeconomic volatility, with business progress below expectations. \triangleright
Figure 2: Europa branding receipts in 22 years amounted to about 84 per cent, Figure 1: Corporate goods structure has continued to diversify in recent years Figure 4: Reduction in the number of salespersons per head in recent years
Fig. 5: Euro-based multi-species displays are not simple, but multi-species combinations are sold through cooperative renovation operations. Figure 6: Euro-based peband Lee Hong Peng, Master of Economics, six young workers ' manufacturing industry experience, formerly employed in the light-work manufacturing team of the Centre for the Development and Development of Securities.
New wealth, Gold Cow Award, Crystalball Light Paper Industry 4th, 2nd, and 3rd place, Gold Cow Award 2018-2020. The most important components of the light-work paper industry are not, are not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.