We're in the lead on strategy, and growth is likely to kick back.
1. " Europa Homes Review: The 4q at the top is strong, the 23-year profit is strong, and the 3q Income Growth is resilient, and the 4q Profit Recoverable - the 3rd Eurasia is strong. "
40 Retail outlets are growing more resilient and closets are growing more robustly: Discreetly, Report Review, 2022.10.28 3. 2q Retail Growth Bright, H2 Profit Rehabilitate - Euro House Report.
46.3/2.4/10.6 billion dollars, billions of dollars of Europa/Phannis to house and sell, and closets to open new channels in a multi-dimensional fashion in the era of “home-made”, continued to break through the single-priced ceiling, with 40 growth continuing.
40 Māori has improved significantly over the same period, with better cost controls: the company ' s Māori rate in 2022 is projected to increase as a result of higher Māori ratios of closet-type income, and the overall Māori rate is expected to increase over 23 years as raw material-cost pressures ease the accumulation of wood/ine products.
In terms of cost rates, the ratio for the company ' s period in 2022 was +1.1 pct to 17.3%, while 4q cost control was excellent, 4q sales/management/research and development costs were clearer than everybody else ' s strategy, and the growth space was significantly opened up: the company had a clear strategy, Europe.
As pie/Ponist decorating moves forward, the model of retailing has developed in the leading industry, and it is hoped that it will help the company retail distributors to lead the dresser track, and make a significant difference in the long-term growth space between the company and the distributors. The company is continuing to deepen its management innovation.
To create organizational dynamism, while keeping the top-level foundation of the strategy moving forward, to further upgrade the information-based and product-based capacity to match strategic landing needs and enhance the full range of competitive advantages. Overall, while the industry is in a state of staggered growth, firms rely on business models to continue.
The drivers of short-, medium- and long-term growth are becoming more clear, with continuous growth in both front- and back-end capabilities and the gradual establishment of full-scale advantages in terms of flow acquisition and business extension.
A significant increase in raw materials: increased competition in cleaning channels: less than expected completion rate.