Europa residence (603833): Business resilience is clear, everyone has a strong strategic impact.
Customized whole households, such as closets, holistic baths, and custom wooden doors, with multiple-dimensional expansion aid retail operations growing in reverse and large-scale operations remaining robust.
Retail operations earn 18.29 billion yuan a year, or +12.4 per cent; of this, q4 earns $4.88 billion, or 4.88 billion, for installation services. Companies have an internationalized home-based manufacturing base +1.6 per cent.
The growth of the industry, led by the entire cabinet, was sustained throughout the year by the pressure of the industry: a product-based expansion: the company continued to push the fight, including house-wide customization, closets, baths, wooden doors, walls.
Slightly, multi-synchronous growth is driven by a combination of sales. The entire product, with the closet at its core, is constantly grinding, paper, kitchen appliances, bedding, etc., to form a diversified industry. The custom system has now evolved to 2.0, strengthening services through six spatial customizations, space ellipses, etc.
At the same time, the company integrates the marketing of cooks and cooks, promotes the upgrading of wooden doors to wooden cabinets, and the expansion of product lines is continuing.
We're on a fast-growing road, and we're speculating an annual increase of more than 40%, with the Ponise brand operating independently and opening up the development space; retailing is constantly exploring, with 102 stores at the end of the year. In addition, companies continue to build bags,
Total equity/flowa (millions) new outlets, such as new retail, online cloud shops. 3 brand matrices broadened: positioning young O'Connor brands continued b/h (millions)
Keeps up the high speed of growth, with 65 to 1,089 doors opened; high-end custom brand miform is officially launched, with q4 earning $1.06 billion, or +2.4 per cent, and large business firms actively promoting multi-kind imports and widening the business landscape, such as schools, hospitals, etc., to keep their earnings stable under industry pressure.
Business models and client screening control risks, credit risks are low. Companies have accumulated powerful channels of operation and excellent distributor resources, retailing is leading the industry channel layout of the model, and the time matrix is comprehensive. We see that corporate channels and goods are mutually reinforcing, and we continue to achieve excellence over practice.
The whole product has been a major engine of growth. Income categories, 1) clothing cabinets and furniture household operations have generated $12.14 billion, compared to +19.3 per cent, for the entire year.) The cabinet business has received $7.17 billion, compared to 4.7 per cent.3) and the baths, wooden doors, $10.4 million, and 1.35 billion, compared to the same amount.
The number of closet doors has remained generally stable, with a net increase of 9 to 2210, mainly due to the increase in the household stock ratio, the increase in product competitiveness and the expansion of channels leading to an overall increase in size.
In the case of cabinets, the channel layout is a multi-pronged approach: to push the door shop to open new ones, to promote the distributors to work with the apparel companies, and to promote the integrated kitchen model to open 170. The total number of doors has increased by 20 to 2479.
Upgrade the wooden cabinet system to improve product competitiveness, while the wooden door continues to be imported into the bulkery, and growth is maintained under pressure from the industry. There are 11 to 816 new porters, which have now completed the initial development of the fabric and the bulk, and are expected to grow in the future with the integration of the cooks.
S148012100014 Strategies, based on basic dishes such as cabinets, closets, etc., to promote the development of other products through co-sales, with a medium-q4 ratio + 1.51 pct. The price of raw materials remains high for the first half of the 22nd year, and the company’s Maori ratio is under pressure;
Six months of falling raw material prices, coupled with company price increases in August, have led to a recovery in the Māori rate, which has contributed to the growth of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and to a year-round stabilization of Māori rates. Company sales, management, R & D rates + 0.7, +0.4, 0.6 pct, respectively.
The cost is set at the beginning of the year, owing mainly to the fact that revenues are not affected by the epidemic. Companies have historically demonstrated a relatively strong cost-control capacity, which is expected to diminish with the impact of the epidemic. Corporate Māori rates are at historically low levels each year, and there is scope for an increase in Māori rates below the price of raw materials;
In the long run, it is likely that the strategy will continue to reduce the level of the rate, and that the profitability of the company will rise steadily. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: the company is actively moving forward in its operations, while building up the industry’s leading channels.
Business experience and marketing resources. We're looking forward to the company's continued success in the field of goods, channels, brand names, Europoles (603833).
Liu Tanda, Changko Kit, research assistant brief.
Shen Chong Lwin, who is in the direction of his research on light labor consumption, analyzes his own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, the specific recommendations or recommendations in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Europole residence (603833): Business resilience is clear and strategic, and does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.