The company is one of the largest commercial banks in China, following a three-quarter review in 2019.
Endeavour and sound development have moved into the world's leading banks with strong innovation and market competitiveness, providing a wide range of financial products to global corporate and individual clients.
The strategy of large retailing, big capital management, and big investment has been steadily advancing. A new paradigm of intelligent retail finance is steadily advancing: Key issues for the next three to six months: Business transformation, investment management and research capabilities are expected to increase further; and the branding effect of the Bank's investment.
Internationalization and integration strategies have been set up. Integrated business platforms have been set up for fund management, securities and investment, financial leasing, life insurance, and debt-transfer operations.
Corporate innovation to further enhance market competitiveness. Current total client size of e-line apps is as high as financial analysis: (1) 3q19 profit growth is maintained at a steady rate. Scale growth is steady (value-earning assets are equal to circulationb shares/h shares (million shares)
ppop increased by 9.1 per cent in the same year, maintaining a higher level; adverse generation decreased and the provision levelled, with a 17.8 per cent increase in the same year, and a 5.1 per cent increase in the suppression net profit compared to the same year (2) net interest differentials were reduced slightly. 3q19 disclosed net industry. (3) asset quality improved.
Investment proposal: the capital is strong, and the current or better layout is good; business banks are strong; they are based on a solid public and retail customer base; integrated financial services; and risk.
In the current economy’s downside cycle, the public sector is more resilient to risk, with robust fundamentals highlighted; financial and technological inputs have been increasing in recent years, and integrated and internationalized operations have been effective. Given the company’s continued edge in indebtedness, the net difference is expected to remain high.
The East’s financial and intellectual boom continued to grow steadily, with a sharp increase in non-interest income. The first three quarters saw a 12.1% and 9.1% increase in the year-on-year income, a slower increase than in the first half (14.3% and 9.9%); net profit increased by 5.0% and a more robust increase of 0.3 percentage points over the first half of the year.
Trend: (1) The main contribution of net profit growth is non-interest income growth. 3q19 non-interest income increased by 26.3 per cent over the year to 9.6 per cent over the year; non-interest income increased by 15.1 per cent over the quarter of the quarter and recovered from 13.4 per cent over the quarter of the quarter. (2) The level of the provision continues to decrease, as shown in figure 3: Reduction in the circle of impairment losses on asset counts and negative performance in the margin of contribution
Third quarter loan returns are down by 1 bp from the first half of the year, up by 8 bps from the beginning of the year; interest-paying rates are down by 11 bps from the beginning of the year, with personal savings, corporate deposits, and peer-to-peer costs rising to varying degrees; higher cost of indebtedness is the main reason for the low net rate differential. In the future, as the ability to fine-tune prices increases, companies will be able to improve asset end-of-end benefits and control interest-paying costs effectively through structural optimization; and they will be matched by volume supplements.
By the end of September, savings were on the 10 trillion steps, with an average daily increase in savings.
Improved quality of assets, a decline in the average ring ratio of poor rates and poor net generation. 3019 negative loan rate loops drop by 4bps to 1.44%; three-quarters negative annual net generation ratios are measured by 7bps to 0.59%. Risk offset capacity continues to increase.
▪ A rise in core-level capital adequacy ratios. 3q19 core-level capital adequacy rates, first-level capital adequacy rates, capital adequacy rates of 12.93%, optimization, capital enrichment, etc., are conducive to business expansion.
East Hing Securities Corporation, Business Bank (601398): Grand Bank, sustained robust base, figure 9:3q19: 6.2 percentage point increase in coverage ring ratio
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Chamber of Commerce and Industry (601398): Grand Bank, sustained robust basics, research and forward-looking investment analysis of the banking unit.
The research assistant gives an overview of the research profile of the teacher himself.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.