In the Jiangxi copper industry (600362.sh), the combined Māori rate of rising income and profit growth has declined. In 2018, the global economic slowdown, the effects of increased trade protectionism, the financial market turmoil, and the fall in copper prices under the double squeeze of slower demand prospects and volatility in financial markets. In 2018, lme copper (three months) all fell.
The company, as China ' s largest integrated copper producer, produced 146.37 million tons in 2018, an increase of 6.51 per cent in the same year, and the increase in prices and production on a year-on-year basis contributed significantly to the company ' s income and profits. In 2018, the company ' s copper concentrate contained 2083 million tons, a decrease of 0.62 per cent in the same year, and the reduction of mineral copper production by 0.86 to 3.63 per cent due to the higher profitability of mineral copper.
Production fluctuations were less stable in 2019. According to the company’s production plan, in 2019, the company produced 1.44 million tons of cathode copper, a 1.6% decrease in the same year.
The decrease in resource reserves and mineral copper production was followed by mergers and acquisitions. From the company’s reserves, the amount of copper and metal resources identified (100%) was 9363 million tons, compared to \triangleright.
Producing enterprises, which will help perfect the industrial chain layout of the Jiangxi copper industry, match the company’s strategy for copper-based and diversified development. Watch the future market prices for copper and gold.
According to the Federal Reserve’s latest report, the contractions will be closed by September 2019, and the forecast of economic growth for 2019-2020 will be revised downwards; according to the latest Federal Fund interest rate futures transactions, the probability of the Fed’s reducing interest rates in 2019 is increasing.
The price of gold in the context of the Federal Reserve dove policy.
In Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in the 9th of the 9th Hall of the City Street, in the name of the Euro-American journal, a famous journal.
This report has been prepared and published by the China Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the Shuda securities, providing support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not addressed to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.