q3 contract liabilities have increased significantly, opening up financial infrastructure lihgt net profit to the mother of $425 million, a 47.08 per cent decrease in the same year, and achieving net profit to the non-return to the mother of 259 million yuan.
• The adoption of the new accounting standards has resulted in a decline in revenue profits and a significant increase in the liability of the q3 contract. Three-quarter guidelines alone, with the final method of revenue, we judge that the decline in income profits is mainly related to this, rather than to economic reasons. As of q3, the contractual liability stood at 2,347 million yuan, a significant increase from 1,140 million in q2.
q4 is expected to confirm the acceleration. The capital market policy dividend is far from over and will continue to benefit as the leader of domestic securities. In 2020, Idcfintechringstop 100 was ranked 40th in the series of 13 years, three times higher than last year.
▪ The speed of growth in the lines of operations has declined, and the cost of R & D has remained high. According to the sub-lines, the revenues from large retailit operations have been 862 million yuan, a decline of 0.37 per cent compared to the previous year; the revenues from large-source managedit operations have been 657 million yuan; the revenues from data risks and infrastructureit operations have been 129 million yuan, a decrease of 885 per cent compared to the same period;
Revenue from innovative business was 403 million yuan, an increase of 8.57 per cent over the same period. Net cash flows from companies during the first three quarters amounted to 114 million yuan, compared to 67 million yuan during the same period last year.
The company opened up the financial infrastructure light on October 24th, the Heining Light Developers Conference, 2, The Heinrich Electronics (600570):
It announced the opening of financial infrastructure to light and launched the establishment of the Light Technology Union, which aims at achieving significant regulatory results, exceeding the ceilings on performance forecasts, creating a top-notch open technology platform for the financial sector, creating technology-related standards in the financial sector, and building them up.
Value 2020-04-27 Open-Share Financial Technology Ecology.
Eight major technological capabilities, including a stable cloud base running capability, large-scale and large-volume service capacity, non-repatriation net profit expectations, profit-end power, low-delayed-distribution service capability, big data analysis governance capability, smart data suits
Sex Effort 2020-01-21, multi-end interactive experience, efficient R & D process management capacity, credible financial capacity in the chain, which will be shared with industry through the Light online R & D platform.
The first members of the former Light Technical Union included 19 financial institutions, such as the State-Thai King-Ann Securities, the Eng-Ann Securities Fund, the South Fund, the Rich Countries Fund, the Dalian Bank, etc. Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.