The proposed employee holding plan covers 75 per cent of the total, with performance evaluation as the target event: On the evening of 8 December, Henseng Electronic released a draft employee holding plan for 2020, and the company proposed permanent electronics (600.570.sh)
In accordance with the announcement issued by the company on the same date on the programme for repurchase of shares in companies in the form of a centralized competitive exchange, it is proposed that the repurchase be no less than 600 million yuan (inclusive) and no more than 800 million yuan (inclusive) of the company’s shares at a price not exceeding 120 yuan/stock.
Target audience and distribution ratio: The total number of employees proposed for subscription does not exceed 5,500, of whom no more than 16 are directors, supervisors and executives, and no more than 709,000 are requested; the total number of other employees does not exceed 5484, and no more than 9.291 million, determined on the basis of the actual contributions of the staff.
Duration, locking periods and performance appraisals: 48 months. Unlocking in three stages determines the final number of locks (shares awarded to the holder in the current period x personal locking factors) from the company itself. Ultimately, unlocking, recovery is determined by the principle of the lower of the original amount and net value of the shares to which they are subject.
Incentives include corporate strategy set-ups, managers, and implementers, and performance appraisal targets are based on employee performance appraisals, which last for four years. We believe that this employee holding plan is intended to define firm and staff in depth.
The benefits, the repurchase of stocks as a Stakeholder scheme reflect good expectations of management for the future development of the company, while the Stakeholder Plan, combined with performance evaluation, can effectively bind the interests of employees and shareholders, promote corporate development, and this time the Stakeholder Plan has wide coverage, involving mid- and senior-level managers and senior-level managers.
Core cadres can effectively ensure a pool of talent, prevent brain drain, and create a good talent base for the company’s future. The development of jre 3.0 based on cloud-based technology platform is promising.
\triangleright jre 3.0, “Back medium, thin applications” is a technology that fits the bank’s needs.
Bank product brand c9, awarded the Best Trading Bank Corporate Solutions Award. As a product of the first available business as a whole bank solution in Sunda S.A. Ltd., c9 has now accumulated over 80
Cash management services for more than 150 commercial banks provided by a commercial bank based in cindasecuritiesco.ltd
The market for tradable banking, cash management, funds custody, etc. is more than 80%. We look forward to the company’s strategic deployment of large mediums and micro-services based on cloud-based technology, and it is expected that products developed on jre 3.0 will continue to be ahead of technology and product power in support of the company.
Companies are leading domestic financial science and technology firms, short-term performance is highly volatile, and \triangleright is expected to improve significantly in four quarters. Reforming domestic capital markets and opening up to the public in the long run
In this trend, financial science and technology are promising, and companies are expected to continue to benefit in the future, suggesting attention. \triangleright is not moving as fast as expected 3.
Lurie, Defense Science and Technology University, is a great researcher in computer science. Six years of industry experience, former head of a global repository of information technology (IT) research and development, solutions sector team, joined Seaton Securities in 2016, 17 and 19 as the fourth year of their new wealth, and 2020 as a credit card, have not been, have not been or will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.