Events of 10 December 2020: the company issued a staff-holding plan and a share buy-back programme for 2020.
▪ Large-scale employee holding schemes, with long-term incentives to help companies develop over the long term.
Directors, supervisors and senior managers shall have no more than 16 persons, with a combined subscription of no more than 7.09 million shares, representing 7.09 per cent of the total shares in the employee ' s shareholding plan; other employees not exceeding 5484, with a combined subscription of no more than 9.291 million shares, representing 92.91 per cent of the total share capital of the employee ' s shareholding plan.
Models and subprime prices: the yield price is 45.32 yuan/share, and the shareholding scheme of the licensed price reference company is used to repurchase shares by means of a centralized competitive transaction with its own funds for the employee holding scheme, in which the value of the repurchase is 600-80 million yuan and the repurchase price does not exceed 120 yuan/share.
The shares awarded under the STP were unlocked in three phases, from the end of the company announcement, from the end of the stock transfer period to the end of the employee holding plan, for 12 months, 24 months, to the end of April 2021, to the end of April 2021, assuming that the company was transferring 8 million shares.
In the case of the employee holding plan, lock-in expired, the employee holding stock is scheduled to sell the stock held at the rate agreed in the previous paragraph. The company predicts that the fair value of the unit holding tool is set at the amount of $98.15 on the most recent trading day of the employee holding plan.
Improved long-term incentives to fully mobilize senior and middle-level managers, core cadres, and contribute to the long-term development of companies.
As a result of the adoption of the new accounting standards in q3 in 2020, facility lihgt adopted the final method of revenue 2020-10-30, and the company’s revenue profits have fallen, but this is a non-business cut-off.
Corporate contract liabilities in 2020 amounted to 2,347 million yuan, a significant increase from 1,140 million in O2, better business recovery in a single quarter, faster, q4 is expected to confirm acceleration, and capital market policy dividends are far from over as domestic securitiesit
The company's digital transition has accelerated, and in the first half of the year it acquired Guangzhou Chengzheng software, supplementing the related business capabilities of the data center, and working with the Finastra on a strategic partnership to purchase and localize the Fusioninvest products and create their suitability.
3 “Singing Electronics” (600570): Cost country-specific portfolio management systems. In data operations, companies have accelerated the digital transformation.
The new Data Operation Centre and the Financial New Content Operating Sector have been established, with increased input from central sources, limit values, 2020-04-27 gtn, data center, and many new products have been introduced in the field of data to accelerate numbers.
In August 2020, the joint venture, Heng Mai-seong, launched a global bond distribution technology platform to provide technical support for overseas capital flows to the Chinese market and for the worldwide issuance of renminbi bonds. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Limited has a portfolio advisory committee.