The company released its third quarter of 2020, generating business revenue of $2.338 billion, a year-on-year increase.
The Hangzhou Hengsheng Electronics Group has a net profit of $259 million on non-recurring gains and losses attributable to shareholders in listed companies, which affects q3 performance on a year-on-year basis and is expected to grow steadily: corporate q3 revenue increases
The speed level has slowed somewhat as a result of the new accounting standards, while sales of goods and the level of business received for the provision of services. Sub-lines show a relatively long and slightly slower growth in the delivery of large-scale capital and retail projects; banks with shorter project cycles have increased their income from industry.
The Division is expected to accelerate the delivery of its core operations in four quarters, large retail projects, and boost its performance throughout the year. In addition, part of the income under the new accounting standards has been reclassified as operating costs, single-quarter cost rates and Māori rates have fluctuated, Māori levels reflect the extent to which companies are product-based, and cost throughout the year.
Actively participating in the digital transformation, setting up the platform for the digitalization of basic finance: companies keep up with the innovation dividend of this market reform and actively participate in the digital transformation.
The Open Digital Financial Infrastructure Light, announced at the Young Light Developers Conference, covers eight major technical capabilities necessary for the digital upgrading of financial operations, which can be shared with industry through the Light online R & D platform. At the same time, companies initiated the establishment of the Light Technology Network.
Coalition, aimed at joining financial institutions, regulatory science and technology, industry partners, higher education institutions and non-profit organizations to promote industrial technical standards and digital transformation technologies, and to promote financial institutions;
_aaa_performance bright, growth acceleration _aaaa_ governance-driven growth, cutting edge and 49.0 times more, maintaining an `additional' rating.
Risk factors: Unexpected technology development and increased industry competition.