Permanent Electronics (600570) Reported significant growth in contractual liabilities and good real business performance - 3-quarterly report (600570) 2020
The new income guidelines reflect a decline in operating income and net profits, with a significant increase in the three-quarter contract liability ring value (millions of yuan) in liquidity: in the third quarter, the company achieved $719 million in operating income, a 7.06 per cent decline in the same year, and a net return to the mother.
The implementation of the new income guidelines began, with revenue previously recognized under the completion percentage method having to be recognized after the customer’s acceptance and, therefore, a portion of the income could not be recognized. At the end of the third quarter, corporate contract liabilities amounted to $2.347 billion, representing a significant increase from $1,140 million at the end of the second quarter, and it is expected that revenue will be gradually translated into income in the future.
Costs related to project implementation, maintenance services and project developers are included in the contract performance schedule, which takes into account operating costs.
In the last three quarters, as a result of the implementation of the new revenue guidelines, the growth rate in core business such as Large Retailit, Large Capital Managementit, etc., was negative. In terms of sub-products, Large Retailit: 862 million yuan, a decline of 0.37 per cent in the same year; Large Replenishmentit: 657 million yuan, a decrease of 4.63 per cent in the same year; banks and production
“Study of the dollar securities company — Hensen Electronics (600570.0sh): the impact of the epidemic Business of the epidemic Business of the industry: income of $189 million, an increase of 12.48 per cent in the same year; Data risk and infrastructure Business of the company: income of $129 million, a decrease of 8.85 per cent in the same year; Internet innovation Business of the Internet: revenue realization
Research-Hongsin Electronics (600570.0sh): Global access to 403 million yuan, an increase of 8.57 per cent over the same period; non-financial operations: revenue of 98.442 million yuan, with the same industry as usual, with the company forming the Light Alliance to build open shared technology ecology
Since 2020, financial regulatory reforms have been under way. Regulatory reforms have been introduced for the pilot registration of the entrepreneurship board, for the army, for the business opportunities offered by the new three-board top-level reforms, public fund-raising and other policy dividends, and for the capital market.
On October 24, the company announced the opening up of digital financial infrastructure light and launched the Light Technology Alliance, which aims to create a leading open technology platform for the financial sector, to create technological standards in the financial sector, and to build open-sharing financial technology.
Ecology, the first members of the current Light Technology Union include 19 financial institutions such as the National Thai King-Ann Securities, the Employer Securities, the South Chen Tunam Fund, the Rich Countries Fund, Dalian Bank, etc.
In the past five years, companies have been mainly moving down macroeconomically to affect the input of downstream customers; financial science and technology policies have fallen short of expectations; new product R & D and market promotion have fallen short of expectations; and industry competition has increased and overall profitability has declined.
Figure 1: The Ps-band author of Hensen Electronics for the past five years, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the author, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts it.
A reasonable judgement to draw conclusions and draw conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the Portfolio Investment Advisory Service, according to the Licence for the Operation of Securities (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.S.I.S.C. has the qualifications for the Portfolio Investment Advisory Service approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.