Gore shares (002241.sz)
In the future, we expect that the demand side of the tws headphones will continue to grow at a high rate, with nearly 100 million non-silver headphones in addition to apples and headphones, and that the demand of the ar/vr will explode.
3020 outperforms, with net profits rising by a single season: benefiting from an increase in the scale of smart acoustic products and smart hardware sales, companies achieved 34.7 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2020, with a 43.9 per cent increase in yoy; net profits of 2 billion yuan, with a 105 per cent increase in yoy and an eps 0.63.
With a current revenue of $19.2 billion, yoy grew by 81.4 per cent, and a net profit of $1.24 billion, yoy grew by 168 per cent, and the net profit was historically high. The company performed better than we predicted, and we thought that the reason for the company’s performance was the rapid growth in demand for tws, while the company’s Māori ratio continued to rise (formerly).
The three seasons of Maori rose by 1.5 percentage points to 17.7 per cent over the same period the previous year. In the first three seasons, smart acoustics generated revenues of more than $60 to $15.3 billion and 3q to $8.8 billion in the first quarter, which was the most significant driver of performance growth; and smart hardware grew by 52 to 10.2 billion yuan in the first three quarters.
Intelligent audio maintenance revenues increased by 14 per cent to 8.3 billion yuan, and 3q2 billion yuan, roughly the same period as in the previous year. 4q20 net profits sustained high growth: companies expected net profits for the year to be 2.75 billion-2.88 billion yuan, yoy
Institutional investors account for a share of circulation, and the annual Appletws headphone demand will go further to 120 million. The non- apple headphone base is low and the number of users is large. As technology continues, the non- appletws headphones grow at a rate of speed.
With a view to maintaining the momentum of rapid growth, it is expected to be close to a billion sets. tws headphone demand is growing less than expected.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified for audit.