Events of 23 October 2020: on 22 October 2020, Gore shares issued a three-monthly report for 2020, generating 34.730 billion yuan, an increase of 43.9 per cent over the previous quarter; 3q20 single-quarter receipts
Gore shares (002241.sz) increased by 81.44 per cent over the same period by 191 million yuan. The company ' s net profit for the first three quarters was 2,016 million, with an over-predicted ceiling, an increase of 104.71 per cent over the same period. At the same time, the company announced that its performance for the whole three quarters was over-expected, with high annual growth. In the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved a revenue of $34.73 billion, an increase of 43.9 per cent over the previous three quarters; and in the third quarter of 3q20.
3q20 is mainly affected by delays in the sale of new machines by large clients, and with the booming sale of new machines by large clients, the acoustic zero component 4q20 can grow over time. And, with microelectronic block equity incentives, full mobility of people will inject long-term growth into the company.
Looking forward to 4q20 and 2021, with the increase in the number of production lines, the increase in the automation of the line and the skill of the workers, the improvement in the tws headphones is gradually accelerating, and the learning curve for the next generation of new headphones will be further shortened. We expect the company to have less pressure on the new upwards next year, a steady profit on mature linears, and a year-long performance of tws headphones. In the case of smart soundboxes, the company’s big clients are launching new products, cutting into the mainstream product price segments of the maazon and google, and the volume of cargo is expected to reach the point of view.
Liu Chi, research assistant, industry leader, led to further growth of the company’s audio business. In the third quarter of the year, the company’s top client, Vr, launched a new product, its network of officers, which had been cut off for a while.
Gore shares: voice, light, electricity plus precision made, boosted performance 2020.08.21. As technology continues to progress, vr's experience continues to be optimized, the pattern stabilizes after the industry shuffles, and head concentration increases further.
The core suppliers at the big plant will benefit fully from the iterative innovation of the vr equipment. In addition, wearable equipment will continue to be sold, and corporate smart hardware will be promoted.
As we have emphasized in our previous report, the governance structure of Gore shares continues to improve and decision-making becomes more operational, and the company has invested cumulatively 2,045 million dollars in the last three quarters, an increase of 82.44 per cent over the previous three quarters, and high-intensity R & D inputs have provided the basis for the company's future growth.
The company has built industry-led precision manufacturing capabilities in the areas of acoustics, opticals, mems microelectronics, and has an innovative competitive advantage. Through cross-cutting integration technologies, vertical integration of sound, optical, microelectronics, structural components, such as precision zero components, provides “one-stop” smart manufacturing services from id design, research and development, testing to automated production.
One-stop sophisticated manufacturing platform-type enterprises that build “part parts plus finished products” and maintain a “buy-in” rating of companies. Risk factors: recurrent outbreaks, less demand downstream, and increased market competition;
\triangleright Figure 1: Gore's share income and profit performance Figure 2: Gore's share profit margin performance
Figure 3: Cost rates during Gore shares, Figure 4: Gore shares R & D costs, Figure 5: Gore shares collections and operating cash flows
Figure 6: Ghor net profit versus operating net cash flows Figure 7: Ghor stock holdings Figure 8: Ghor equity accounts receivable
Balance sheet units: millions of yuan in profit statement units: millions in competition, Xian University of Electronics and Technology, close to five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, with overseas work experience in Texas, etc., familiarizing with semiconductors and consumer electronics chains. Pacific securities in 2017, Li Xiaoqing in 2018, Master ' s degree from Wuhan University, Southwest securities in 2018, Sinda securities in 2020, and research in electronics.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance of the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sunda Securities Institute in 2020 to conduct research in the electronics sector. Kyoto, a Master of Asset Assessment at the University of Gangan, joined the Sunda Securities Corporation in 2020 to conduct research in the electronics sector.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular customers. It is not intended for the public to produce publicly available information that is considered reliable by a Sinda security, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.