Gore shares (002241), IT technology hardware and equipment, super-expected + strong guidance, high-growth intelligent terminal assemblers.
Events: During the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved business income of $34.730 billion, an increase of 43.90 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of $2,016 million, an increase of 104.71 per cent in the same year, an increase of 104.71 per cent in the three quarters ' expected performance, and a strong year-round guide to the continuation of a customer ' s industrial chain.
Quarterly performance exceeded the upper limit of the guidelines given by the Central Report, mainly due to the extremely high growth in the third quarter of the business of smart acoustics, machines and smart hardware, which contributed to the company's disclosure of year-round performance guidelines and the achievement of a net return profit of $737 million in the fourth quarter.
Total stock/flow (million shares) period, with a better validation of the a-person industry chain, is expected to continue: iphone 12 is in good condition and the links in the industry chain will continue to reach high readiness; the new Europe-United States canopy is re-emerging.
Or will again drive the demand for ipad products; the elimination of randomly-applied wired headphones by iPhone12 is expected to further accelerate the spread of the tws headphones represented by airpods, and the company as the core supplier of microphones, loudspeakers, etc. for iphone, ipad, macbook, etc.
In the reporting period, the company completed a $4 billion transferable fund-raising effort of $2.2 billion each.
The main drivers of the growth of the Department have shifted from sophisticated parts to smart acoustics, smart hardware, whole machine assembly, tws, the company's main assembly manufacturer of airpods, and Andre branders.
There is also a strong collaboration between households, with clients in the ar/vr sector including clients, Sony and oculus, and other assembled products including h-client gt watch, fitbit bracelets, etc., which has grown into a line of product assemblers.
The company's three-quarterly newspaper revealed that on the night of its launch, Hua introduced the second generation of vr glasses and apples, and that there were expectations of the introduction of vr glasses, which, whether tws headphones, or ar/vr glasses, smart watch, were the most rapidly reaching smartphones around the world.
Now, the end-brand manufacturer seeks to break through the support point, and after the product succession and experience upgrades in recent years, some of the end-products have been recognized by consumers and are expected to move into the rapid penetration phase, at which point the company is now in the area of dressable product assembly.
The strategic orientation of the Zero Component + Whole is clear, and the zero Component Industry is well positioned. The company currently earns about 4:6 per cent of the zero component and the whole machine.
Vendors, products such as Speiker, receiver and microphones, provide a full supply of product lines, Korean customers, and national-producing Andre brands, with a steady increase in their share, while the Department also has acoustic zero components for tws headphones and lights for lens in ar/vr glasses, display, etc.
In addition to the supply capacity of the zero component, which is expected to create a mutually reinforcing virtuous cycle between the better vertically integrated effects of the company ' s whole assembly business, the company has laid out zeros in motors, mems sensors, sip modules and structures.
The overall growth of component products has also increased steadily, although they are not growing at the same speed as those that can be worn, but the base is large and is an essential component of the business of the company, and it is expected that the cumulative growth of the product will be achieved in the future through existing customer channels.
In the longer term, wearing end products is a strong elastic support point, and we predict that the company's net profit for the period 2020-2021 is expected to be achieved.
Multiply, the company is the supplier of a scarce core of smart terminals, taking into account the fact that sales are not as sustainable as expected for two important customers downstream; and (2) tws, ar/vr, watch, etc., wearable end products with some downstream brand customers selling and promoting less than expected.
Profit projections and financial indicators: Super-expected + strongly guided, high-growth intelligent terminal assemblers
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.