The profits are growing rapidly and the R & D input is continuously up.
a Circulation Unit (millions): due to increases in depreciation, utilities, etc., in the use of new buildings; lower financial costs compared to the same period; sustained increase in R & D inputs and rapid growth of innovative operations.
Companies have continued to enhance their input and software capacity-building for core technologies such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing and big data, 5g, core devices, etc., with research and development spending of $1.815 billion in the first half of the year, representing 12.40% of business income. Companies have built on in-depth knowledge of client diversity needs and have been in the field of intelligence confluence for many years.
At present, the company has set up the Industrial Internet (Wise), the Wirtschaftsprüfer (Roble Orange), the Hot Image, and Automobile Electronics.
Quick, smart fire, smart security, and so on. The rapid growth of innovative business has greatly expanded the path of the company ' s Smart Goods Consortium and has become an important driving force for the company ' s long-term sound growth. In the first half of the year, corporate innovation generated 2,259 million yuan, a 33.99% increase in business.
"Study of the National Dollar Securities Corporation - The stockholding in China (0022336.sz)" 2022: Active embrace of artificial intelligence, training of industry in the application of large models and first quarter of 2023: Multiple factors for performance.
With the development of artificial intelligence technology, in the visual field, a “industry brain” that is fully integrated with industry experience is the inevitable route to a true commercial landing of large models. Companies are committed to combining the capabilities of large models with the capabilities of the various National Dollar Securities Corporations in 2022 and a half.
Disaggregate industry data and knowledge and train in large visual models for industry-based applications; and, at the same time, integrate. Annual report stocktaking: deepening high-quality development strategies, continuing high-quality and high-model technologies for innovative operations, integrating data from different models, joint training models, effective upgrading
Growing. 2022.08.22 The company has also created the Great Intelligent Open Platform to offer partners a one-stop algorithm training service.
In keeping with the business concept of “leave convenience to partners, leave complexity to themselves” and build a virtuous sharing, win-win ecology, and realize the industrial vision of the cloud’s future, its diversity, its intelligence, its future.
Corporate is the leading global provider of video-centric intelligents solutions and operations services Risks of technological upgrading: Business model shift risk: Risk of declining local financial capacity to pay risk: Exchange rate risk: Product security risk: Intellectual property risk: Internationalized business risk: supply chain security wind
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.