The 1703 income growth point shows up, and next year we're looking at structural upgrades + Ma Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho.
In recent years, we have studied ocean river distributors and followed up on sales during the Mid-Autumn Day in the third quarter. Stock and price systems have been regulated, and companies have taken the initiative of adjusting strategies in the provinces since 16 years q2 that have led to the completion of the adjustments and the recovery of the sea.
The festival accelerated, and the quota was used in mid-September, after the start of the mid-autumn campaign on August 15, and the unplanned quota began to be used. And the sales ring for the Enlightenment also accelerated as compared to the first half of the year. We believe that 17q3 MPs opened a new round of growth and that the company used dream blues as a market pioneer to drive the sea.
The structure is clearly optimized, the dream blue is growing fast, and the Māori are rising even further. The company's air push is now based on dream series, such as m6 for the g20, the Central American Chamber of Commerce.
And the Internet Congress also uses the Ocean River Dream series. Grass-roots research shows that in January-August, the blue of the dream has raised profits and opened up the space to raise prices. The price of the external environment has opened up, and the price of the blue series of distributors of the Ocean River has risen, and canals have become more expensive.
According to grass-roots research, at the beginning of 17 years to the present day, the sea dream has raised the price of distributors about five to six times (the last time in mid-autumn was 25/60/80 per box) and increased in the blue of the sea. Because the ocean's previous price increases were small, we believe that the price of the supply and the final price has been raised since this year.
Prospective profit projections and investment proposals. Corporate income increases + structural upgrades and price increases lead to larger shares in ocean rivers: high-end liquor, price increases.
Profit elasticity, marketing capability, industry-wide leadership, branding, and a new upward cycle.+ company stopovers bring valuation repairs.