Current consumption of foods, beverages and tobacco: 3-quarterly review: faster income growth and a steady increase in the Māori rate
Incidents: 3-quarter reports issued by the company in 2017, resulting in operating income of $16.878 billion in the first three quarters, of which 5,348 million were earned by the company in the single three quarters, representing an increase of 19.55 per cent over the same period; net profit earned by the mother was 1,673 million, representing an increase of 18.23 per cent over the same period; net cash flows from operating activities were as follows:
34.13 billion, a 28% increase over the same period, with accelerated improvements in the provinces, robust growth in the countryside, and accelerated growth in the third quarter. With regard to advance payments, by the end of the third quarter, the company had a forecast of 2,445 million, with an increase in the ring.
In our view, the main reason for the acceleration of income growth is the accelerated improvement in the provincial market and steady growth outside the province. Since last year, the company’s impact on such policies as stock-taking, price-collaborating, etc.
Intra-provincial double-digit growth has been restored and is becoming apparent outside the province. Following the recovery of 2 digits in the first half of the year, the trend of improvement is expected to be maintained in the last three quarters of the province. On the outside side, the number of “New Jiangsu” markets is increasing and is now over 400.
The market is growing faster in Henan, Shandong, Anhui, etc.
The growth in the blue share of dreams, the increase in the Māori rate of companies over the last two years, the acceleration of consumption, and the apparent increase in the company’s awareness of the blue side of dreams by Ocean River Shares (002304), have led to the continued rise in the value of the blue brand of dreams.
In the last three quarters, we expect the growth in the blue sales of our dreams to be at 40%, the company's ability to market is at the top of the white wine, and the future is expected to be boosted by events and advertising.
The impact of the consumption tax is limited, and price increases are expected to offset the impact of the company’s consumption tax. Partly because packaging production is commissioned, the consumption tax and the surcharges are entrusted.
In the first half of 2017, the actual consumer tax rate was 5.89 per cent; and in the first three quarters of 2017, the company did not disclose a portion of the taxes on production costs, but the taxes and accessories.
The increase was due in part to a consumption tax, and the surcharge of part of the consumption tax and taxes and the surcharges increased in proportion, with a consumption tax rate of around 10% for the third quarter.
The trend is good, with double-digit growth resumed in 2017 h1 and is expected to accelerate in three quarters, and is expected to be sustained throughout the year; with regard to the extra-provincial market, there has been a steady increase in the number of Xinjiangsu markets, which provides guarantees for the maintenance of accelerated growth and growth in the off-provincial areas.
The blue share continues to grow, the product structure continues to upgrade, and the Māori rate is rising steadily.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report