Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre (000063.sz)
The impact of the embargo meets expectations, the return of profits in the 2019q2 season is expected, the impact of the embargo has been expected, and the greatest uncertainty has been eliminated.
1. " Fog dispersing, the value will eventually show - 2018 - a significant increase in the cost rate in the first half of the year: the cost of sales rose from 10.51 per cent to 11.99 per cent, out-of-pocket expenditure on administrative costs and loss of credit impairment of 1,657 million, with a significant impact on net profits.
In 19 years, q2 is expected to earn 1 billion a season in a full recovery of company operations. The recovery of the supply chain has been somewhat delayed by the involvement and customization of the operator, but in August this year, the company’s productive tasks have broken out of history.
The greatest uncertainty comes from the consumer business, the company's mobile phone terminal business is mainly business-as-agreed, and, according to the industrial chain study, the supply cycle for projects similar to 2b2c is 6-9 months, with business recovery still taking some time. In the company's business structure, it is expected that in the second half of the year, the company will be operating.
We believe that a single-season return of 1 billion dollars is a sign of a full recovery in corporate business. According to our model, a single-season return of 1 billion q2 q2 q2 q2 q1 q1 q1 q1 % is expected to be in a new period of high growth.
▪ Long-term trends remain unchanged, and companies are expected to achieve a “diplomatic boom” in the 5g era. After the company’s new management took office, it continued its strategic focus on 5g, with R & D power remaining at the top of the 5g camp. On the back of China, the world’s largest single market of 5g, its global market share is expected to rise from the current 12% to over 20%.
End-of-service recovery fell short of expectations: the operator's share of collection fell short of expectations: the operator's capital expenditure fell short of expectations Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating was calculated and built as the market's average investment