Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre (000063.sz)
The fog has dissipated and the value will eventually appear on July 27, with the China-China newsletter issuing a quarterly update. Business income in the first quarter of 2018 amounted to $27,526 million, an increase of 6.92 per cent over the previous quarter; the net profit on maternity changed from a previous profit of $1,687 million to a loss of $5,407 million.
The impact of the embargo is becoming clear, and the company’s performance is short-lived, but the worst is over: the embargo is a post-balance sheet adjustment, and the company has to make retroactive adjustments. The revision of the performance report is mainly influenced by a $1 billion fine imposed by the United States Department of Commerce, and the financial impact on the company is mainly reflected in the out-of-pocket payments on the profit sheet.
Billion; second, due to the inability of two-quarter operations to carry out normal operations, the company was not able to re-establish a part of its order in the first quarter and deliver at the next dawn-time, with a greater impact on revenue recognition and advance loss (e.g. deferred delivery penalties), resulting in adjustments
The bond, which was not reflected in the adjustment, is expected to include “other receivables” in the account, which is a company's asset and which, while causing cash flow expenditure, does not result in a reduction in profits. Overall, the embargo has put considerable pressure on the company's short-term performance, but the worst moment has passed without affecting the company's sustainability.
Corporate order acquisition and technology R & D are progressing well after the lifting, and business is accelerating recovery. Since the release of the ban, the company has developed well: in order acquisition, three major domestic operators have taken orders and disclosed projects worth more than $500 million; in overseas operations, supported by major Italian and Austrian operators, and
The first single project (c114) was completed in Thailand, Egypt, and Saudi Arabia. At the same time, Sino-Engineer’s 5g field test has been fully launched in the country, and the 5g field test abroad is being fully resumed.
The embargo does not change the firm’s long-term trend toward the big one, and the company is expected to achieve a “diplomatic boom” in the 5g era. With the Department leading by the 5g technology – time, performance, and cost – the company is still expected to become the 5g era.
The largest beneficiaries of the rebalancing market patterns of credit and equipment suppliers are expected to increase their global market share from the current 12% to more than 20% in the 5g era. Multiply, the “buy-in” rating is maintained.
The company’s overseas market was not expanding as expected, domestic operators’ share of bid collection was not as high as expected, and 5g investment was not as high as expected. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market showed that: