ztecorporation [0763.hk; 000063.ch] 1h2018resources shouldmarkthetrough; zteremainsabeneficiaryof5gainments.tmsector
Öztecorporation's(zte) 1 2018 researchs shouldmarkthetrough, and the companynysontrackto recoveryfredempactoftheusbanonexports.besedonguidanceforq32018, zte'sopera-tionserviquetororturntoamoreormallevelinq42018.wehaveturedmoreposiveonzte, as
Theresouldbenomajorprovisionsorrelaedwrite-offsbookedgogoingforward.wealsobelievehat buy (h-share)/hold(a-share) ztewillremainamajorbeneficiaryof5ginvesmentinchininaandthatthecompany'sexpansionto
No-operatorbusisesisamedium-long-termgrovethdriver.Webelieveetatzte'srecoverywas mainlydrivenbyapick-upincapexbylocaltecompoperators, and governmentsanmentandcorporate business.thelocatecompoperatorsresquipementmenttendersrecently, sotecomequipment
Close: hk$15.24 (ag31, 2018) suppliers, especialwirelessnames, shouldbefefitofterallenging 1h2018.however, thecon-sumerproductssegmentationexticodestedtolagbehind, sinetismorerelian overseasmarkets.zte
tp(h): iscommittee$18.67 (+22.5%) considering newtechnologies, subchasiot, 5g, icdesign, software-definednetworks and high-endrouters, whicharegrowingareasinthetelecompulsionsindustry.webeliavethathat
: rmb21.55(14.4%) reverynoperating performance, newsflowon 5gdevelopmentinchinaisamajorshaprice
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
16.3x.thedownwardviewisduetolowerapermultiple(cutfrom23xto14x) used.thetarget priceforzte-a(000063.ch)isrmb21.55, Basedona 17% premiumtozte-h (hangsengcont chahppremiumindex).wehaveaholdringonzte-a.
1h2018: markedthetrough.zte'sturnoverrodapped 27.0% yoytormb39,433.8min1h2018. the companyreportednetallosofmb7,824.2min1h2018vs.anetprofitofrmb1,951.5min1h
2017. Hersaultswereinline with themid-pointofpreviousguidance.revenueforthecarriernet-workssetandconsumerbusinessreportdayoydeclineof 27% and 36%, repactively, in1h 2018.revenuegovernmentandcorporatebusinessrew 18% yoyin1h2018.thecompany's
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Thenetlosin 1.18was due mainlybusinesssuspansiancenaltypaymentasalesultoftheusdenialorder.thehenalty
Bookedin 1h2018wasrmb 6.4bn, andthewasanrm2.5bnyoyincreaseinprovisionsand write-offsin 1h2018.zteissedaprofitalertforjan-sep2018, whichguidedanetlosof rmb 6.8bn-7.8bn.basedonnanonculture, zteiscliquelytoportanetprofitinq32018, which
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Webeliavethattheconsumerproducessegments. Weblievethattheconsumerproduceseg-mentwilllagbehind, Butthattheequipmentandnon-opratorbusiness, especialthrelatedto 5g developmentinchinina, shoulddrivecoveryinq42018and2019.wemaintaintheviewseventhsince
5                                   ,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
♪ We're going to go ♪ ♪ We're going to go ♪ ♪ We're going to go ♪ ♪ We're going to go ♪ ♪ We're going to go ♪
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
Allopinionististesreflect thejudgmentoftheanalystonthedateofthithreportandaresubbjecttochandewothoutnotice.chinagalaxyinterna-tion/ortheelevantsherebysclaiyooftheirlibilitiesaririsingffromtheinacuracy, incorrectnessanpletessesofthesisreportandattachment/sand/oranyaactionoriomissionmadeinrelienceotherof.accreditingly, thisreportmustbereadinjunjactionwiththisdisclamer.
Itd. (6881.hk; 601881.ch) is thedirectand/orindirecting company thegroupofcompaniesunderachinagalaxy international.
The securitiesrespectoofhicharereviewedhis report, and suchinterestsaggregatanamountmayequaltoortoormorethan 1% ofthesubjected company(ies)'marketcapacitation.oneormoredirectors, officersand/oremployesofinagalaxy internationalmaybeirestororofthesecuritiesofthecompanies(ies) men--
I don't know if you're going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
It's not like I'm going to have to do this, but I'm not going to do it.
I'd like to ask you, Mr. President, if you don't mind, to ask me if I'm going to take a look at you, but I'm going to ask you, if you're going to take a look at me, and I'm not going to tell you what I'm going to do, but I'm going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you what I'm going to do, but I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, that I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, that I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, that I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I're going to tell you, that I's.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
This report; (2) Willdielinortradein the securities coverted infra-researchresearchrebrebessessday afterthedatateofissuesueofreport; (3) serviceas anofficerofanofthehongkong-listidcompaniescoveredinthisreport; and (4) haveanyfincianinterestsin thehonkong-listedcompaniescov-report.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm not going to be able to do it.
20/f,wingoncentre, 111 connaughtroadcentral, Sheungwan, Hongkong.generalline: 3698-68888.