Driven by the “double” trend, performance is expected to continue on track The middle-reported business performance has continued to grow steadily and the three-cost controls are better. The country has reported a semi-annual net profit of $10,558 million and $1,352 million, respectively, compared with 20.09 per cent and 20.09 per cent, respectively.
50.77 per cent. The ratio of total profits to the ratio of higher rates of profit to higher rates of profit in hydropower, magnetic and hydropower automation operations, and lower rates of profit in the photovoltaic pepc industry, net of accounting changes in accounts receivable and the impact of the Nanwe cumulation factor, has decreased rapidly, resulting in an increase of 5.78 pct in the rate of eco-friendly electricity generation; and body weight.
The higher share of the smaller integrated business power design operations is usually linked to equipment, which can easily lead to sales and management costs floating down by 0.68, 1.36 ptt over the same period. The R & D ratio continues to be high and has increased slightly, to 7.02%.
The power grid automation and industrial control core operations are growing faster, and ICT companies have become the largest contributor to the growth in performance. 2. The value of Nanse is justified from four dimensions.
The high rate of growth in the sector is due mainly to the increase in the number of bids for non-national grid-mining projects in regions such as Suzhou. 3. Accompanimental financing, new business areas, strategic investments, followed by insurance electrical revenues of $2.75 billion in 2018 h1 and net profits of $480 million, respectively.
Not to increase by 11%, 19.4%, with both relay protection and flexible transmissions growing faster, and performance in the future will continue to benefit from the expansion of electronic power applications and the globalization of subsequent operations. In the context of high growth in investment in the telecommunications industry, revenues from electricity information and communication services have increased by 49.58% over the same period, with affiliates.
5. " State Electric Swe Tracking Report - Re-discussing the recent changes in the company from eight hotspots of interest in the market " , the net profits of the company reached $297 million, a significant increase of 403 per cent over the same period.
There have been positive developments in dynamic internationalization, as well as in dynamic deployment of new and emerging industries. More than 150 countries have sold their products, with power-conversion operations entering Europe and building Brazil’s master packages.
This year, the company’s share of overseas operations is expected to rise to about 10%. And the company has made major breakthroughs in a number of new technologies and products (new products and new areas) such as super-high-voltage straight currents, flexible power transmissions, quantum communications, video surveillance devices.
As a leader in domestic power grid equipment, it is also highly competitive internationally and its current stock prices are below expectations; investment in grid automation is below expectations; trade between the United States and the United States is escalating; and the expansion of emerging industries is likely to fall short of expectations.1 Good business practices and changes in accounts receivable accounting have increased overall performance
Business performance met expectations and real performance increased at a sharper rate, mainly as a result of changes in the accounting terms for impairment of assets in accounts receivable. The semi-annual corporate collections and net return profits were reported as significant asset reorganizations, respectively, so that the net current gains and losses realized by the assets subject to reorganization during the same period of the previous year were recorded as non-recurrent.
Gains/losses, non-recurrent gains/losses of $1.07 billion in 2018, a significant increase of 220.2 per cent over the same year, resulting in an increase of about 25 per cent in total profits over the year, net of accounting changes in accounts receivable and the effect of the Nanwe Next Schedule. It is worth noting that due to the change in financial measurement standards for accounts receivable effective 1 April, companies should
The range of bad debt preparation accounts for receipts (receivables, other receivables) has been reduced, with approximately $10 billion of accounts receivable for associated customers in the former national grid consolidation not being prepared for bad debts. The profits from the purchase of 7,761 per cent of Nanwe's Si Jin san san san san san san san san during the course of last year, due to the same controlling factor, have not been fully accounted for.
This time, because of the impact of accounting changes on total profits in the first half of 2018, which affected profits of $263 million, and because of the merger of the same controller in 2017 h1 minus a corresponding figure of 37.486 million. We have roughly estimated a 25% increase in total profits over the same period, after deducting the impact of two events.
In the first half of 2018, public and industrial power network automation and industrial control operations performed well, and revenue increased by 36.28 per cent and 49.58 per cent, respectively: integration and other operations resulted in a significant equal share of income due to the increase in total engineering portfolio operations.
Increase by 144.04 per cent; relay protection and flexible transmission operations were affected by a sharp drop in revenue from last year ' s direct-flow project tenders; electricity generation and hydro-environmental protection experienced a significant contraction in income from the restructuring of the photovolpec operation, resulting in a decline in revenue from the same period. The company ' s Māori rate was 27.36 per cent in the first half of the year, a decrease of 1.36 pct from the same year.
The Māori rate for both business and hydropower has changed considerably. As a result of a rapid reduction in the share of hydromagnetic and hydropower self-motivation operations with high rates, the proportion of photovoltaic operations with low rates of Māori has decreased, resulting in a 5.78 ptt increase in the same rate for the generation of hydro-hydrates.
Other power grid automation and engineering, relay protection, and flexible transmissions have slightly decreased, but the risks should be manageable.
Three fees are better controlled, and the R&D rate has been rising steadily. In recent years, companies have increased their control over management costs and sales costs, with sales and management costs falling by 0.68, 1.36 pct in 2018, although the management costs have generally declined, the R&D share has remained high and has slightly increased.
7.02%, mainly as a result of the company’s increasing investment in research and development in recent years in electricity information and communication and in a number of new and emerging business areas. To benefit from exchange gains and losses, the company’s financial costs are more than $49 million with less financing. To benefit from better cost control, the company’s operating profits increase at the same rate.
2. High-speed developments in the electrical information and communication industry and the realization of the performance of the Information and Communication Technology (IEC) company, followed by the maintenance of the electrical flat 2.1 power information communications, grid automation, etc., with a large number of traditional operations; grid automation and industrial control cores are growing faster.
The revenues reached $6.65 billion, or 63 per cent, an increase of 36.08 per cent over the previous year and the first half of the year. Against the backdrop of a large increase in centralized tenders for grid automation (high in 2017), the participation of provincial and municipal tenders has been linked, with the construction of a number of first-rate grids, such as Suzhou, having generated more electricity since last year.
In terms of industrial control, the company has been awarded Xu State Railway 2 for six months, thanks to a combination of the market advantage of self-motivation in orbital traffic surveillance and the co-benefits of informationization, transportation, etc.
In recent years, the country has introduced a series of railway and rail infrastructure policies, and we have judged that the next two to three years of high-iron and urban-orbit transport will be at another wave of investment. The direct-flow transmission project has slowed down the growth of electricity protection and flexible transmission camps.
The pressure project did not achieve the bid, and the year 2016-2017 was another year of recognition of the ultra-high-pressure plate, so there has been a negative growth in the ultra-high-pressure plate collection over the years. The North and South Network Udong Dzu Nao project has been divided since this year.
Direct markets are expected to peak at a new round of tenders. With its vast technology and market advantages in soft projects, the company has taken the lead in breaking out of the market, winning 36.4% of the bid in Zhangbei’s first tender for soft products, and 60.6% and 65.9% respectively in key equipment such as switch valves, pole breakers, etc.
Figure 12: The share of the bid in the North Zhang project switch valve Figure 13: The share of the bid in the North Zhang project maximum circuit breaker followed by steady electrical growth with the major net profit increases contributed by IEC.
H1 achieved revenue and net profits of $2.75 billion and $480 million, respectively, an increase of 11 per cent and 19.4 per cent, respectively, compared to 20.3 per cent in the first half of last year, and the largest release point for after-care profits remained in the second half of the year.
The company’s performance was good, with a net profit of $297 million achieved by H1 in 2018, a significant increase of 403 per cent over the same period. The current total electricity information and communication market is about $20 billion, with IEC, data from Sino-Sinoe, and the Southern Group IEC operating revenue in 2017 amounting to approximately $28.5 billion, or 14.25 per cent.
The increase in network complexity and the two-way movement of energy, the new demand for ICT by smart grids, the rapid generation of new information and communication technology applications in the field of information and communication, such as big data, cloud computing, and access to goods, are planned to be reached by 2020 and 2025 respectively.
50 billion and 100 billion. The Ministry of Information Technology and Communications Technology in the South has now been successfully established, with the consolidation of technology, management, city 2.2 new business deployments accelerated, overseas operations maintained rapid growth, new technologies, new product development accelerated, and new and dynamic industries.
There are always bottlenecks, so companies have been accelerating the layout of new and emerging businesses. On the one hand, companies are accelerating the development of the igbt module, the smart manufacturing system, the industrial Internet, robotics, high-power electronics around industrial control areas such as smart equipment, smart factories, and so on.
The tide is also consistent with the development and strategy of giants like abb, Siemens, and others. On the other hand, companies are accelerating the expansion of rapidly emerging market areas such as artificial intelligence, information security, portside electricity, smart water, and smart fire. We believe that the technologically matured igbt after 2020, and the new generation of quantum fluxes.
New technologies and products, such as mail, have direct, fast application markets and marketing channels in the electricity grid, electricity energy, and new and emerging businesses are expected to contribute to incremental performance, which will greatly open up the country's traditional grid performance.
It is becoming an internationally influential company for electrical equipment. In recent years, it has achieved excellent performance in more than 150 countries, with overseas operations contributing to the public last year, based on a competitive advantage in the value of core products and services such as high-pressure, soft-line, electrical electronics, and grid automation.
In the first half of the year, companies have made more positive progress in new areas of production and global markets. Nan Shwe has developed a structure for managing five major businesses and the Nan Shwe Institute, an innovative institutional framework that is well-developed for the company.
Harmonizing the usefulness of R & D platforms as basic R & D platforms, thereby significantly enhancing the ability of companies to develop forward-looking research and new technologies. The Central Report shows that companies have made major breakthroughs in a number of new technologies and products (new products and new areas) such as ultra-pressure straight currents, flexible transmissions, quantum communications, video surveillance devices, etc.
Great progress has been made on the path of transformational expansion (for the first time a transformer entered the European market and built a 440kv transformer station in Brazil) for the future positioning of Swe should not be merely a local power grid equipment leader, but an internationally known energy Internet and energy information technology leader with the capacity to provide a holistic solution.
The positive impact of accounts receivable on performance is expected to increase in 2018, but there is also a greater advantage from the point of view of pegs, given the relatively rapid period since then.
To be a leader in domestic power grid equipment, with high international competitiveness and current stock prices in history, event-oriented catalysts that may affect stock prices in the future: a change of country, a change of scenery, and a change of scenery in the second half of the year will be a major catalyst.
The Commission officially launched a full “two hundred” initiative for state companies among 200 central and 200 local enterprises, with three national electricity grids in the first place. The initiative was originally designed to be comprehensive, demand a policy reform for state companies, and further comprehensive reforms.
Motivation of staff is seen as a key to further development in Nanwe, and the selection of a blending pilot unit is one of the most promising ways and means of achieving equity incentives, with companies fully engaged in the fourth batch of blending pilots in the second half of the year, and the company’s valuation will be greatly enhanced once a decade of equity incentives has been successfully mentioned.
1) Investments in electricity grid automation, informatization, etc., fall short of expectations and will have a direct impact on corporate income and performance. 2) The current Central American trade war is continuing, and changes in existing international trade rules may affect the conduct of companies ' operations abroad.
3) The company is currently heavily deployed in strategic emerging industries, which are somewhat different from the company’s original business areas, and market expansion may not be as fast as expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment