Seven measures and a transformation, M6+ completed national channels, group procurements at the end of April, primarily addressing the issue of de-stocking, highlighting the lead brand long-term health development, a rational division of labour, cost-management systems based on efficiency principles, enhanced dynamic management of marketing behaviour based on regions
Developmentally differentiated layouts, among other things, are a series of major problems often encountered as business and marketing management processes that require continuous improvement and upgrading. (2) The restructuring of companies refers mainly to seven specific areas of work: one is development thinking on the integration of manufacturers; the other is “one-stop shop, multi-share labeling” and the other is “one-stop shop, multi-share labeling.”
Coherent Eco-building; Three multi-brand development strategies; Four strategies for regional development differentiation; Five strategies for improving the system of management of expenses for displays and dinners; Six guidelines on marketing measures for various groups and on the operation of channels for group purchase; and seven strategies for national marketing of the dream 6+.
There are seven areas of guidance, development thinking, and programmes. At present, the transformation of these seven areas is in the final stages of implementation, and the effects of policy adjustments at all levels are becoming apparent.
Confidence in prices and channels has been gradually restored, M6+ national market imports have been smooth, and end-market sales have now been restored to more than 50% of normal levels, and marginal improvements have been sustained.
In 2019, the company collected $23,126 million, while the blue classics of the ocean river accounted for more than 75%, counting the blues of the ocean river, 17,345 million dollars and 6,938 million dollars, respectively, of the classic, dream blues.
Intra-provincial m6+ is dominated by low (40.8 degrees), market feedback has been positive since listing, and sales trends are low/high at the end of the year: good, while outside m6+ is dominated by height (52 degrees) and companies are operating in Henan, Anhui, Shandong, Hebei.
With a well-established channel, the company’s cost-focused and dream-oriented upgrades are expected to lead to the gradual upgrading of the two-trenched brands, and the two-trenched sales company will become an important engine of growth. Building on the 2019 Bids Enterprise, the two-trenched branding organization was upgraded to a sales company in 2020, operating independently.
Trench brands, which gradually deepen the nationalization of the two-channel brands, create important growth attractions for the river’s shareholdings. We believe that the repositioning of the Sou brands, the Sougu brands, and the operation of the former "Longji" brands in the province, either to the market’s competitive patterns and the final thrust (the competition) or to the beginning, the Sou brands are to be revived.
• Short-term reform pains, the effects of which are becoming apparent. Companies insist that process appraisals take precedence over sales indicators, and that regional markets be flexible in terms of market performance, and that the rigid “red line” of product price chains, etc., lead to regional reform failures. 2020q1 converts the distributor guarantee (about $4.8 billion) to alcohol.
The bulk of this amount is to reduce liquidity pressure on distributors and to advance the payment of incentives and other costs. After inventory clearance since June 2019, the pipeline is now expected to be at a relatively benign level for approximately two months, with the provinces being smaller than the provinces and the North being smaller than the South.
• The company faces the problem with long-term development thinking, with the company being more than seven years old and 160,000 tons of annual production laying a solid foundation for “product quality.” We expect to return to the net profit from 2020-2022.
Unbreakable Entrepreneurship Starts the Next Decade 2020-02-09.
"The sea, the sky, the sky, the blues of dreams, the blues, the blues of dreams, the blues, the blues, the blues, the blues, the blues, the blues, the blues, the blues, the blues, the blues, and the blues.