Ocean River shares, two seasons of orderly recovery, reform measures in place, roll-out of the epidemic, second quarter of company stocking and price stabilization. Target 2020 is maintained.
Ping, many of the reforms are in the implementation stage. Companies build up diversified pay systems, and it is expected that stock buy-backs will be re-incentives in the near future.
With the impact of the epidemic, the consumption of the banquets is still regulated and the market is expected to warm back in the second half of the year. From the river, the seasons are light, the seasons are mixed and the seasons are affected by the epidemic, and we judge that companies adjust for longer periods.
It is expected that the company will continue to go to stock, stabilize prices, make sales, and lay the foundation for the second half of the season. According to the dealer feedback, the price of the province’s blue basket is 115 yuan, the price of the sky blue is 255-270 dollars, the dream m3 is 375 yuan, the dream is about 535 dollars, the price of the product is almost flat over the first quarter, and the price of the product is very flat over the first quarter.
As a result of the epidemic, the company’s stock levels are still high in the second quarter, and the channels continue to go to it. The target level for 2020 is flat, and many reforms are in the process of being implemented.
Performance statements and micro-drink news judgements show that the company, which addresses the remaining issues, is now in the off-site implementation stage by addressing several aspects: (1) the organizational structure, the company's segmented marketing team, the different brands, the different price bands, the different product classes, and we run by different teams.
To judge whether the oceanic team, or the dream blue team, may be distinguished within the company, depending on whether it is driven by a channel, or by a consortium. (2) With regard to channel operations, the company takes a trade-based, multi-conforming model for new items, avoiding the price-distribution of products that had previously been caused by unequal distribution of policies.
In terms of product batch performance, the effect of the policy has been initially demonstrated, and sea and daily batch prices have remained stable. (3) In terms of marketing, companies have changed their reliance on policy stimulus terminals and implemented marketing to consumers. (4) Dream 6+ as the company’s core monolith will go to the national city.
In the future, it will gradually replace the old dream 6. Dream 6+ the 600-7000 price band, which has not yet produced a large competitive brand and a strong rival.
On 31st of the month, the company used $550 million. The company actively boosted its internal incentives to provide an in-house impetus for long-term development. We believe that the river is a very good business in the industry, with good management knowledge and enforcement.
In view of the impact of the epidemic and the planning of public revenue targets, we maintain the original profit projections, which are expected to be 5.01 per cent in 20-22 years, and 5.01 per cent in 20-22 years, respectively.
Intra-company adjustments are not as expected. Sino-American International Securities Corporation, Inc.
Food beverages: Beverage manufacture, Deng Tianjiao
The soup is bright.