q3performance, structuralizationtopromotegcontuousreboudyoy
Opinion Focus investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) event: the company collected $5,764 million in the first three quarters of the year, +6.5 per cent, net profit for the mother
Lower-lying customers of the business communication boards keep growing steadily. Depending on factors such as stock-taking, global economic uncertainty increases concerns about the sustainability of market demand levels, it is expected that new orders will be added to the corporate communications boards in the short term.
Slide, but in the medium-to-long term, do not change the trend towards digital transformation of cloud computing, big data, etc., with the introduction of 400 gbps and higher speed data centre switches and the replacement of server products, associated routers, data storage, ai-accelerated computing server products
At the same time, there is a growing demand for high-frequency and auto-drive vehicle controls, and the development of electric cars has led to more sophisticated use of pcb, the next five.
During the year, motor board performance will be expected to be ahead of the overall pcb market. We believe that the demand for cable products and motor panels will continue to grow, the structure of the company’s products will continue to be optimized, and profitability is expected to increase.
In 2022, the company added the capacity of the Yellowstone plant and continued to speed up the transfer of the pcb products below 22 floors of the plant, as well as of the low- and medium-level vehicles of the plant, to the Yellowstone plant in order to respond to price competition; and to the greenstone plant and the profits of the plant.
Micropower-related bottlenecks and critical processes are upgraded and targeted to respond to product upgrading and emerging market demand. At the same time, a certain scale of production was achieved in the first half of the year to better exploit and respond to overseas markets.
q3 sales cost of 3.49%, compared to profit projections and investment proposals. We believe that the company has a strong edge on the pcb board, and that the server upgrades will take the lead in increasing the value of the pcb bicycles by adding car bins.
Yu Weiminyu Yang Tongxinyang