Why does 22q1 income guarantee steady growth?
From the end of the shipment, January-February's empty ice shuffling sales were higher than +00/+0.84/- Practice number: $1500520070002. From the average retail end price, the company responded to the cost pressure on raw materials.
A general increase in prices, according to Oviyunnet data, q1 dollars is equal to +555/+27/-89 for empty ice-washing lines and +688/+527/+324, respectively. The air-conditioning line is better marketed, and q2 overseas revenues are expected to grow steadily as well as internal sales.
On the one hand, q1 further adjusted its terminal retail prices to improve its Māori rate in response to cost-side pressures, and on the other hand, the company's overall push for digital reform has provided more for its profitability.
We believe that beauty, as a domestic electric tap, has a clear industrial advantage in terms of operation, manufacture, flow, etc., and that it creates a data center with manufacturing characteristics, a technology center for networking, etc., to provide companies with more elasticity in the current depressed market environment in the country.
How do we see beauty as a long-term development backbone? Like the business layout of companies, we believe that the future dynamics of the company are tob and tob and so on.
Toc’s two main lines, the tob business’s contribution to corporate growth, is becoming apparent. Domestic and many Western countries’ domestic appliances markets are gradually maturing, and America’s role as a global head of household power is still a source of steady growth in the home-owned sector, although globalization and high-end growth can still be achieved.
But in the long run, companies also need to look for new growth poles. The US has been active in industrial technology-related areas for the last two years, with more investment through the acquisition of the subject matter.
R & D facilitates the introduction of industrial technology reserves and products. As our traditional manufacturing enterprise, America, America’s Group Insight Report: Making a clear manufacturing, R & D, management, procurement advantage in the process of transitioning to b-side operations.
Using the technological, marketing and channel advantages accumulated by end-c businesses, it can accelerate the global diffusion of company-b-based business products, which are currently being laid out in a variety of areas, such as industrial robotics, new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, etc.
The Ministry of Industry and Technology plans to hit the hundreds of millions of revenue targets in five years and will become the company's future growth.,ltd
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing: Profit forecast and investment rating: we expect the company to earn \triangleright in 22-24.
Risk factors: Continued rise in raw material prices, recurrent epidemic-induced stagnation in sales production, under-exploitation of overseas markets, under-exploitation of tob operations, income analysis: performance against expectations, “one by one” strategy with significant results
In 2021, the company achieved business income of $341,233 million, compared to +20.06%, and 21q4 achieved business income growth of $79,891 million q1. From the end of the shipment, January-February’s empty ice-washing sales increased by the same amount. From the average retail end prices, the company made a general increase in the prices of its products in response to the pressure on raw materials, according to Oviyun.
The average price on the q1 empty ice-washing line is +555/+27/-89 and +688/+527/+324, respectively. The average price on the air-conditioning line has risen by 36.46%. We believe that q2 overseas revenues are expected to grow steadily, as well as internal sales, as maritime freight rates and exchange rates have improved.
Corporate operating income by business in 2021: In 2021, corporate income from heating air conditioning/consuming appliances/robots and automated systems was 1418.79/1318.7281 million yuan, respectively, compared to the same year, although the share of corporate income abroad declined slightly in comparison with the share of income, the company was established in 21 years for overseas markets.
At home, in 21 years, against the unfavourable backdrop of a 3% decline in Japan's retail domestic electricity, the Toshiba electricity retail revenue rebounded by 9%, and the six major product categories rose to 12.5%.
Two, a profit-making analysis: short-term pressure at the profit end, with the cost controlled properly The company achieved a net return profit of $28,574 million in 21 years, i.e. +4.96 per cent in comparison, and q4 a net return profit of $5,118 million.
As a result of the high cost of raw materials, the high cost of shipping, and the strong appreciation of the renminbi, the company ' s Māori ratio has been evident for 21 years, the price of raw materials, etc., has become more pronounced for electrical products, and the cost-side, the company has continued to push for organizational change to improve production, marketing, turnover and efficiency and achieve efficiency gains q4.
Corporate sales/management/research and development/financial cost rates of 5.31/3.52/4.07/-1.30 per cent, respectively, corresponding to -5.57/-0.88/ - The net interest rate on corporate sales was reduced by less than Māori through cost control. 21q4 achieved net interest rates on sales.
1. The potential for future income growth is good, and inventories are high. Corporate money + transactional financial assets have declined slightly in liquidity efficiency at the end of the 22q1 period.
1. Toc: Focus on the layout of the products, deepening the home service platform, dividing the smart home room, the smart home balcony, the smart home kitchen and the smart home guard baths, building a multi-use landscape based on the user lifestyle, combining the American home-owned products, and fully deepening the home through lot technology
In terms of branding: 21 years of high-end brand colmo as an important development strategy, sales out of $4 billion a year, +300%. Colmo now has four major brands: blanc, turning, volution, avant.
In terms of market access, Colmo has been working on high-end air-conditioning cabinets/air-conditioning hangers/clean water production of hundreds of millions, compared to 200%. The diversity branding strategy helps companies to reach more consumer groups, and combines corporate landscape strategies.
A more diverse and personalized home-based smart scene service for consumers. 2, tob business: technology drives everything, industry drives the future.
Automated, green energy, consumer appliances, the world ' s leading provider of solutions, and hundreds of billions of dollars of revenue over five years, in the area of consumer appliances, firm corporate investment in intellectual transformation to meet future workforce challenges, the successful completion of the acquisition of the Thai Calendar Asia Drivers project, the improvement of refrigerator compressor capacity and the further improvement of global supply capacity;
In terms of intelligent transport, three major product lines related to the company ' s new energy vehicle were put into production in 21 and, on April 27, 2022, U.S. industrial technology acquired the power of the sky in order to create two more rounds of travel.
Clients provide low-carbon, digital, customized one-stop energy solutions. Building Science and Technology Group: The United States, as the lead company in the central air-conditioning city in the country, uses equipment to access the building's traffic flow, information flow, experience flow, energy flow, etc.
Twenty-one years of building technology brought down more than a thousand centrifuges, with a total cold capacity of more than 1.2 million cold tons, signalling that the domestic centrifuges have broken through the foreign barriers. In January, Kaka received a Magna order from the Mercedesg class car provider, amounting to millions of euros.
Fort Motor Europe’s largest commercial manufacturer, Fordotosan, has received orders to provide more than 700 robots. Kuka, after pre-consolidation, China has now been recognized by a large number of electric vehicles, engineering machinery, new energy sources, consumer electronics enterprises, and we believe it is possible to accelerate the growth of orders in the future. On the overseas market, the new operating system iiqka.os has been released.
To a great extent, robotic manipulation has been simplified, software products such as kuka.sim4.0, the Industrialization Networking platform jiqot, etc., have been released to speed up the layout of the digital field. Fifthly, where is the future momentum for corporate development?
Like the company’s business layout, we believe that the company’s future dynamics are divided into two main lines of tob and toc. 1) Faced with retail end consumers: America’s creation of a home-wide smart solution c2m digital platform, which provides users with home-wide intelligence solutions, sold 180,000 copies in 2021 and traded more than $14 billion.
In a home-wide smart scene, the company constantly expands its new product categories to meet consumer segmentation needs. In 21 years, the company launched a dust-sniffing, moping, decomposing eureka and a W11 integrated home-cleaning robot, supplemented with intellectual and home-based room scenes, and worked with various brands, such as Hua, Hamancaton and others, to create intelligibility of the products under the flag and inter-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o.
Through landscapes, high-end, and intelligent product upgrading strategies, beauty is expected to raise the ceiling on corporate development by increasing the price of one-way customers. On overseas markets, beauty, with the foundation and capacity of globalization, will further strengthen global manufacturing and local transportation abroad.
Camp, deepen the synergy with Toshiba power, accelerate the development of autonomous brands, reaching over 50 per cent of the target by 2025. (2) Tob end: the domestic and many Western domestic appliances markets are gradually maturing, and the United States is serving as a global home.
In the long run, companies need to look for new growth poles. In the last two years, the United States has been active in areas related to industrial technology, facilitating the deployment of industrial technology reserves and products through the receipt of bids and increased investment in research and development.
With regard to R & D, the company invested 12 billion yuan in R & D in 2021, with a third-level technical commission and a fourth-level R & D system, technology strategies are linked to medium- and long-term product planning, leading to a two-round drive that provides a solid basis for companies to sustain their technological advantages over the long term.
In addition to core tob operations such as industrial technology, building technology and robotic automation, the company is also promoting the transformation and upgrading of digital innovation such as Andedi, Miyunji, Vandong Medical Care and Mignosed Photoelectrics to provide more self-empowerment and efficiency gains for the beauty: the company ' s drive for comprehensive digital change is now beginning to be productive.
By self-researching the smart flow-out algorithms, 75% of the schedule efficiency is planned and 8% of the plant resource efficiency is planned; storage and distribution links are implemented with a t+3 strategy; and after-sales services are fully promoted for the purchase of a package of hand-held services, which achieves a straight-on ratio of over 70%. In part of the area, the US-made data center is working on real-time data.
More than 20% of the costs have been reduced and more than 50% of the efficiency improvements have been achieved. The location of the center of the network technology has increased the efficiency of the building of the integrated technology platform by 10% and the cost of the server by 20%. We believe that America’s “brain-drive” strategy promotes the digitization of business and that the development of a data business system will continue to boost corporate efficiency in the future and is expected to boost corporate profitability.
It reflects the importance that companies attach to input output in the expansion of their business plans over the next few years. It reflects the firm ' s long-term green strategy: in 2021, the company ' s share of renewable energy use reached 10.1 per cent, a photovoltaic project with a total installed capacity of more than 160mw, and the cumulative recovery and dismantling of 322,000 used and end-of-life appliances. We believe that the United States is positive.
The implementation of a green strategy and the promotion of environmentally sound production will not only help to protect the environment and save energy, but will also contribute to the efficient use of the company's resources, thereby saving costs, promoting the recycling of domestic appliances at the social level, and stimulating the demand for the replacement of domestic electricity.
In July 2020, the CSRC joined the CSRC in its research component in the domestic electricity industry, which has not been relevant, has not been relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-resumed securities investment advisory business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.