idc, smart manufacturing double-wheel drive, the King returns 52 weeks of maximum/minimum price ($) is different from the general public's perception:
The market believes that idc has ended a period of high growth and faces competition from big players. We believe that the cloud business has just opened, and that the mega-data centres have increased their concentration to the full benefit of the treasure letters, which are mainly distributed.
The whole range of support provided by Bo-Sin, including energy indicators, sites, etc., was shaped by the fact that the market found it difficult for companies to get out of the iron and steel industry, and in fact the company took over 4.0 items of national industry.
It is clear that there is a connection between the information in manufacturing, and companies are actively extending to other industries through both outreach and endogenousity. The steel spill brings with it a large number of new businesses, and the steel industry’s climate has led to a high demand for information in the industry;
idc has been put into production four times and new contracts have been settled; the company's smart manufacturing capacity extends to other industries.
Performance measurement fits the growth requirements of equity incentives. On the one hand, at the business level, companies are at a double-dip in performance, and corporate idc is fast joining the country’s first echelons, with the support of major shareholders, and will enjoy high industry growth.
In addition to the dividends, which will create a new treasured letter; its deep-saturated, domestic leading iron and steel information and automatization operations, which will also benefit fully from the tide of intelligent manufacturing, the company will promote equity, No. 18 Ansan, Heung Fui City, Anhui Province, China
Incentives will significantly increase the motivation and motivation of the workforce, which will fundamentally change the company’s previous perception of the lack of dynamism of the company’s “buy-in” rating of the international financial center’s “state dollar” securities.
idc delivers less than expected, has less than expected, has less access to new energy indicators, has a significantly reduced steel industry, has reduced the eps and has raised the level of debt-transferable equity, which has been the company's real control since its inception.
After the conversion of assets to the market in 2011, Bo Steel became the company ' s first shareholder, holding 55.5 per cent of the shares, with absolute control over listed companies, and after more than 30 years of development, the company has evolved into a leading industrial software application in the country with solutions and service providers, with products and services spread across steel, transport, medicine, extraction, colour, chemicals, equipment.
Manufacturing, resources, finance, public services, water, outsourcing of services, etc. Industry as a whole has a low profile and reduced demand for information openness, directly delaying performance of “software development and engineering services” accounting for more than 70% of revenue collected, a 15-year decline of 15.49% over the same period for software development alone.
In the first to third stages of delivery, the company ' s Idc operation was gradually released, with cumulative benefits of $305 million, $21.41 million and $5.78 million in the first to third phases respectively. The ratio of outsourcing of software development and services in 2016 and Māori in terms of corporate revenue and Māori structure was reached, respectively.
Prolonged R&D costs can put corporate profits under pressure, and investment in new products in the long term will help companies open up new opportunities for growth. Corporate finance and sales costs have been largely stable in recent years, but management costs have been rising, largely because of the rapid increase in the amortization of fixed assets as a result of the gradual completion of the company’s treasured cloud cabinets.
Figure 6. Change in Māori ratio of operations, figure 7 R & D costs and three costs as a share of revenue 2.idc high-speed business development to the first echelon
2.1 The data centre industrial chain is illustrated in a graph. The data centre industrial chain is dominated by basic telecommunications operators, network-neutral data centre service providers (including wholesale data centre service providers and retail data centre service providers) laas service providers, IT outsourcing service providers/system integrators and top providers
Basic telecommunications operators, including telecommunications, mobile, and connectivity, provide data centre rooms and bandwidth resources primarily to retail data centre service providers and end-users. China’s three main basic telecommunications operators, network-neutral data centre providers, can provide multiple network connectivity services, and the network is not based on operators and provinces.
The service provider/system integrator provides the end-user with the overall solution. The end-user is an enterprise, an institutional unit, including enterprises, financial institutions, government agencies, etc. that has a demand for data centre services in various industries.
The special structure of the China Data Centre services industry 2.2 network determines industry characteristics Basic telecommunications operators are the main players: the operators account for a large share of the Chinese data centre service market, which accounts for about the entire city
Data centres account for 1 to 3 per cent of telecommunications operators ' revenues. Currently, domestic data centres are dominated by telecommunications in the south and connectivity in the north.
The U.S., through extensive peer-to-peer interconnection, has three core nodes of domestic backbone networks, including Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou, with significant advantages in the areas of domestic data interchange, international data interchange, and current connectivity between national networks in the South and North, where inter-provincial connectivity of the same network may be slow. Thus, on the first line of cities, data centre construction and basic telecommunications transport are being carried out.
Commercial cooperation is more advantageous, while in remote areas, direct contracting with end-users such as Ali is more advantageous. 2.3 Data centre service providers are classified according to the client type of service, and data centre service providers are predominantly retail and wholesale:
Wholesale data centres provide larger facilities, usually the entire data centre, or at least a super-large engine room, \triangleright for use by an enterprise organization.
Central network connections and operators are usually decided by clients, and in many cases wholesale data centres are customized to meet clients' needs, and clients have a stronger voice in their operations. \triangleright
Retail data centres are generally shared by many different customers. Each client may have its own hangar or machine room. Leases may be much shorter, even for a year, but retail data centres have a lot of options in terms of network connections and operators in order to meet the needs of different companies and operate in an absolute retail fashion.
The wholesale data centre is a new business model that has emerged in recent years, and the demand for the data centre is strong because of the fast-growing demand for the data centre from Internet head companies, although it is much smaller than the retail data centre.
2.4 The data centre service provider pattern, by region and wholesale retail type, divides the dc service provider into four categories and the business model into wholesale, retail, and regional attributes into remote and dc service providers and first-line city dc service providers.
dc in the region's upper-line cities is scarce for such reasons as energy consumption indicators and the availability of a communications backbone network, and good land areas are rent-free and more commercial property attributes, but overall costs are high and effective supplies are inadequate; dc in remote areas is mainly cost-driven, making it a major hub because of its cost advantage in electricity.
The main problem is the delay in the network and the shortage of support staff. As cloud computing increases to promote Internet concentration, we believe that the dc service provider will not be a major engineering service provider, and the Māori rate will continue to decline, but the first city will continue to fall because of its scarcity.
The impact is more limited and the competitive advantage of dc operators in first-line cities will continue to grow. 2.5 Data centre prices and cost analysis 2.5.1 data centre prices and cost analysis - construction cost analysis
The cost of building a data centre typically consists of four components: electromechanical power, decorating, electrical power, fire-fighting, etc., and a large data centre structure is based on a physical structure consisting mainly of mechanical power, decorating, electrical power, and fire-fighting panels. In addition, the idc building also requires resources such as network bandwidth, electricity, computer software and hardware.
They can obtain access either by directly paying for the services or by buying their own servers and renting the respective cabinets. According to the case of a large data centre in ibm, electrical equipment accounts for the construction costs of a large data centre.
The ratio is approximately 55.6 per cent of the total cost, followed by refrigeration systems such as civil decoration and air conditioning, which account for 21.2 per cent and 16.7 per cent, respectively, with network equipment and backbone broadband construction costs being the lowest, with 4.4 per cent and 2.2 per cent, respectively, and hardware equipment such as electrical air conditioning, which is highly related to the volume of centralized purchases, and civil construction and refurbishment costs associated with data centre locations.
2.5.2 Data centre prices and cost analysis - operating cost analysis Figure 16 Operational cost analysis of data centre 2.6 Future data centre industry trends: self-built vs outsourcing
We believe that in the first-line cities, due to resource constraints such as energy consumption indicators and location and the need for low-time delays, as well as effective supply constraints, dc is a resource-based operation in the first-line cities, while in the remote areas, dc follows market rules, the benefits of a division of labour between industries and the respective return on investment.
The third-party division of labour among third-party suppliers in the category of Fauscane is more in line with market demand, but due to the powerful bargaining power of the giants, the third-party gross interest rate will continue to decline and maintain a microfiche.
2.7 Future industry trends from a cost perspective Figure 18 Future industry trends from a cost perspective
2.8.1 The rise of new Internet applications and cloud computing drives a rapid increase in upstream demand and, in recent years, the rise of new technologies such as mobile Internet, high-resolution videos, live broadcasts and cloud computing has led to a rapid increase in the total flow of Internet ip, idc being the real carrier of big data, positively related to traffic and data demand, and upstream demand
Rapid growth will contribute to rapid growth in the data centre industry, which will continue to grow at a high rate in the future with rapid developments in the high-ip-flow industry, such as physical networking, vr/ar and car-networking. According to Cisco data, global ip flows reached 72521eb in 2015 and global ip flows are expected to reach 194374eb, cagr 21.8 per cent in 2020.
As the capacity of cloud computing services continues to grow, with more and more companies migrating non-core operations to the cloud, saving the cost of initial self-constructing data centres and using economies of scale to reduce costs, the rapid development of cloud computing has led to a rapid increase in demand for data centres, especially mega-data centres, and has gradually become a new engine for the development of data centres.
According to idc data, the size of our public cloud market reached $1,442 million in 2015 and is expected to reach $5.254 billion in 2020, or 29.5 per cent.
2.8.2 The global idc continues to grow at a relatively rapid pace, with the Chinese market growing at a much faster rate than the global market. According to the idc Circle, the global idc market as a whole continued to grow steadily in 2016, reaching $45.99 billion, a 17.5 per cent increase, and a 16.24 per cent increase in the global idc industry for 2010-2016.
Europe continues to account for more than 50% of the global volume of idc markets, with the Asia-Pacific region growing the fastest. China is one of the fastest growing global idc markets, and the idc markets continue to perform well.
In 2016, China ' s Idc market reached 71.45 billion yuan, an increase of 39.3%, and is expected to reach 186.25 billion yuan in 2019, and 37.63% in three years. In recent years, telecommunications operators have increased their investment in bandwidth, combined with rapid diffusion of new technologies such as three networks, live broadcasts, and cloud computing, and “Internet+” versus tradition.
The growth of industry information and the development of the idc sector have continued to improve, with the demand for idc rising rapidly in the developed regions of the Middle East, such as Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Shanghai, and the rapid growth of the market size. 2.8.3 China’s large data centres still have significant development space in comparison with mature markets such as the United States.
According to the latest data from the synergyresearchgroup, there are more than 390 super-data centres worldwide in 2017q4, of which the large data centres in the United States account for 44 per cent of the global total, the large data centres in China account for only 8 per cent of the total, and the statistics for the Asia-Pacific region and North America show a basic flow of pip in 2015.
At par, the Asia-Pacific region is expected to have 67,850 eb by 2020, one-and-a-half times higher than North America’s 59088eb. The US and China, respectively, are the major contributors to the Pacific and North America ip flow, and it appears that China’s future large data centres will still have a large share of 2.8.4 mega-data centres in the near half of the future, increasing at a much faster rate than the industry average.
According to the standards of the Ministry of Information and Communications, a mega data centre is a data centre larger than 10,000 standard racks (2.5kw per standard rack), a large data centre is a data centre greater than 3,000 standard racks less than 10000; a small and medium data centre is a data centre smaller than 3,000 standard racks.
More than 3k large data centres can effectively reduce procurement costs. As cloud computing market rapid development penetration rises, businesses are moving rapidly into cloud structures, and cloud computing manufacturers are deploying large amounts of mega cloud computing data globally, given the cost and the need to meet the growing demand of the market.
Heart, this will significantly increase the share of large data centres, which, according to the Cisco Global Cloud Index report, predict a 3.7-fold increase in cloud count traffic from 3.9 zb per year in 2015 to 14.1 zb per year by 2020, with clouds accounting for 92 per cent of total global data centre traffic in 2020.
The volume will increase from 259 in 2015 to 485 in 2020, and it is expected that by 2020, the megadata will account for 47 per cent of the total data centre servers, supporting 53 per cent of data centre traffic.
The Bo-Sin software recommends logic, which is based on the geographical superiority of the mother-in-law in the company's Bo-Sun's industrial complex.
The resource advantages of the Si Bo Steel Group, the land resources (covering 28,000 square kilometres of land), and the existing self-contained power plants, well-developed power supply and water supply resources can provide a large number of customized data centre housing services to large clients. 2.8w cabinets have been built and are under construction, with 3w potential supply cabinets, which are the most dense single-body cabinets in the East China region.
Big idc. Treasure clouds are designed, built and transported autonomously using international Tier3+ standards, through a series of professional certifications such as credible cloud, cloud information security, level 3 protection, national logos, etc., with major clients covering large global Internet businesses such as Ali Baba, Tseng, 360, etc.
3.2 From 13 years on, Treasure Clouds has been operating at a fast pace. Data Centre Services started operating in 2005 and began to expand significantly in 2013. Starting in October 2013, the company began operating in the mountain areas of Shanghai through a series of equity and self-financing initiatives.
The construction of the Treasure Cloud I/II/III/IV data centre was completed by the end of the 201H1 Treasure Cloud I was built and put into operation, 95 per cent were completed, 59 per cent were put into use, and the Treasure Cloud III was completed by 46 per cent, 72 per cent were put into use, and it is expected that the Treasure Cloud 1 to 3 will be the cornerstone by the end of 2017.
Four phases have now been contracted and are under construction, with partial construction expected to be completed and delivered in 2018. The data centre will be charged for the use of the cabinet, and the cloud’s performance will continue to grow rapidly as it continues to be built and delivered.
3.3 Treasure cloud competitive advantage analysis, with about 30,000 storage cabinets, will effectively support the continued growth of corporate idc operations over the next few years. Due to the large amount of electricity consumed by idc and the low output per unit of electricity gdp, most of the idc is restricted in first-line cities.
It is extremely difficult to get access to energy consumption indicators. Thus, the scarcity of data centres in the future first-line cities will remain long-term, with data centres at 40-50% of the current level, and the profitability of data centres will decline over the long term, but data centres in the first-line cities will be able to maintain their current high margins due to their scarcity.
Figure 29 is an analysis of the competitive advantage of the Treasure Clouds, which are mainly faced with Aliba.
Autonomously developed the BoSin Data Center, which is located in Shanghai, and has a large client base, such as Ba and Tseng, and
Plants, full power capacity (220kv camp management system edcom), forming a telecommunications bone in the city's mountains and Shanghai.
Most of them are under pre-contracted construction, and water resources are abundant (owned) suitable for the operation and management of data centres.
The three supercentres of the dry network, the pattern, the stability of large customers, the waterworks, meet high-level cloud planners.
. The system is in one of the points, in which the network transmits and belts the characteristics of a strong and high-strength ratio, one
On-line deployment in June 2015, with significant advantages in terms of breadth, followed by the need for a data centre to supply electricity and water supply.
The data centre operations management information will normally be signed for about 10 years (e.g., high-density cabinet 5kw-6kw).
The sea gathers a great deal of financial merit, and it can effectively guarantee that the treasure cloud inherits the workers of the plate factory.
The company has long-term profitability from the pre-project client base, the Data Centre Distance Division, to avoid
The energy consumption of the industry, the lower the price of electricity, the closer the industry gets to the customer, the less time it takes.
Rent. Bao-Yun rents the steel factory, camp capacity. Bao-Yun is only 0.75 m2 per day for one year of construction.
It's going to be delivered and run, and it's going to be fully displayed by comparing the data port with $1.7/m2/day, showing the firm's strong technical strength.
3.4 The cost advantages of the Treasure software are clear compared to their counterparts, and we have selected data ports, data from all over the country, such as the New Halo Network, which are compared with the company's main wholesale data centre, and the main data centres are located in developed areas such as Hangzhou and Shanghai.
National data is mainly based on retail data centres. Compared to other manufacturers, companies have significant cost advantages as a result of their status as state companies and the support of the parent company's Treasure Steel Group resources, with lower costs than industry-type companies and lower receipts for single containers, mainly because companies have long contracts (ten years and more) and companies are mainly wholesale.
The price of a single data centre is somewhat less than the industry average. The retail data centre, although it has a higher unit price, generally has a lower capacity than the wholesale data centre, and a single container selling price does not represent a combined profitability.
There may be significant differences from the actual situation, as data sales in all countries are converted to square metres, machine cabinets in all countries are converted to 5 square metres, machine cabinet power 4kw) 4. Smart manufacturing is gaining ground.
The company's information business is mainly related to the steel industry, while the automated business is in demand, not affected by the industry, where cold-rolling technology is at the forefront of the industry, new business such as robotics, humanization, etc.
As industry deepens at 4.0, the convergence of the two is getting closer, and companies, as industry poles, with strong information and self-motivation capabilities, will benefit fully from the surge in intelligence creation. Their good practices, such as artificialization, robotics, and so on, are expected to continue to function as new engines of business growth.
4.1 Treasure letter software - The leading intellectual manufacturing service provider in the country, an information-based subsidiary under the banner of Treasure Steel, has been working for more than 30 years to promote the convergence of information and industrialization with the development of Chinese manufacturing, and is the leading industrial software industry application solution and service provider in the country.
Corporate product coverage advice, mes, erp, automation, electromechanic integration, electronic equipment, etc., can provide users with a full range of information services and product solutions. Corporate deep-farming manufacturing information markets have been a small number of software companies in the country with cross-practice service capabilities for many years.
The current products and services of the Development Corporation are in the steel, non-ferrous metals, equipment manufacturing, pharmaceuticals, chemicals, extractives, intelligent transport, finance, water and water. In 2016, the Satid Bold-Industrial Software (2016), Bosin software ranks tenth among the local firms, ranking first in the area of erp/mes/automated equipment breakdown.
Figure 34, Introduction to Treasure Software, 4.2. Unique competitive advantage: long-term accumulation, huge R & D inputs accompanied by treasures, steel growing all the way.
The longest build-up of manufacturing information (40): In 1978, the automating sector began to take over the development and delivery of the \triangleright steel information system, which has helped to become the most informative steel company in the country.
The largest investment in manufacturing information (36.9 billion): from 02 to 16 years, the Treasure has accumulated $36.9 billion, of which \triangleright has more than half of the orders of the Treasure Steel Group, i.e. at least 18.5 billion, which is so huge.
Quantities of R & D inputs, whether in the steel industry or in other manufacturing industries, are ranked first, but also among the top in the whole of the int industry, one of the highest rates of penetration (60%): 60% in the steel industry.
\triangleright is also in the top position, after the military industry. And Boshin has more than 50% of the market in the iron and steel information industry. Covers most of the big and medium steel companies except saddle steel.
4.3 Analysis of the core drivers 4.31 Core driver 1: Deep-dry iron and steel information markets with significant competitive advantages
The domain represents the most advanced technology in the world, leading the entire industry, the steel information system and automated systems are mostly developed by the Treasure, and the company, thanks to its long-standing experience of iron and steel information, automated research and development, is gradually growing into the first brand of steel, with mes at its core.
Integrating holistic solutions with a comprehensive service capacity of “full-scale, process-wide, cycle-wide”, representing the top levels of global iron and steel information, smartness is an important direction for future steel enterprise development, and companies are closely involved in the implementation of the Treasure and Steel Strategy, the wealth of experience accumulated, and as the steel industry moves into an age of intelligence, it will become a company.
Companies are at the top of the steel information industry, with more than 50% of the city’s share, and are the absolute champions of steel and informatization. Products are widely used in iron and steel areas, steel production, hot rolls, medium-heavy boards, rods, steel-types, cold rolls, steel pipes and special steel.
The whole process of production, in the field of chilling operations, is the country’s strongest three-power supplier. We believe that boar steel is one of the country’s leading firms in technology, management, and products, and that companies are deeply involved in the development and implementation of boar information and automation systems, and have access to the most advanced management and production experiences of steel, which are difficult to obtain from other competitors in the country.
This has created strong barriers to competition for companies.
Iron and steel prices, previously affected by supply-and-demand relationships, have continued to decline since 2012, the entire steel industry has continued to fall, major steel profits have declined or even lost significantly, the country has increased its capacity to produce large commodities such as steel in 2016, steel prices have gradually recovered, iron and steel companies have become more profitable, and the steel industry has continued to recover.
The sustained recovery in the quarterly profitability of Treasure Steel began in 2016, and the overall profitability of the steel industry improved significantly, enabling it to upgrade its information systems and automated systems and to expect a sustained recovery in future iron and steel input.
The BMW Group was united by the former BMG and the Wuhan Steel Group, which were formally formed on 1 December 2016. The BMW Group became a subsidiary of the BMW Group as a result of the merger. The BMG competed significantly, its registered capital increased by $52.79 billion, its assets increased by $73.95 billion, and its combined revenues in 2016.
Third in the world. After the merger was completed, the Treasure Group became the country’s first and second largest steel company, followed only by Anselemi, and in 2016 the company’s major shareholder’s stockholdings announced that 100% of the steel shares were to be bought in exchange for shares, and that the total assets of the steel stock after the merger were to be increased by 35.99% over the same period, and that competitiveness was further enhanced, with the steel being domestic informationization and automation.
The most leading steel companies, the merger of the BMW, the consideration of unified management and upgrading of martial steel operations, future martial arts and steel systems will be gradually integrated with the BMW, the information and automated systems of the BMW will be built primarily by the company, and it is expected that the transformation of the BMW will also be dominated by BMW, which will generate a large amount of information needs for iron and steel, and will provide a boost to the company's performance.
4.34 Core driver 4: Take the steel information sheet and highlight the company's leading position in the market
In conjunction with the control system, optimized business process integration, standardized management of the basic code system, and the establishment of a high-scalable integrated production and marketing management system that supports multi-business organizations, multi-manufacturing bases and cross-geographical integration, with a total project value of more than 200 million.
The same system supplier, the company, took a large list of IMSS projects, while increasing its performance and demonstrating strong market competitiveness in the company ' s products, which in the future will either cut into the information market of more large steel companies. 4.35 Core driver, industry 4.0 in five layouts, is about to emerge.
In recent years, the company has been closely guided by national strategies such as “Internet+” and “China’s Manufacturing 2025”, and is committed to promoting the integration of new-generation information technology with manufacturing technology.
Manufacturing 2025 and the Smart Manufacturing Development Plan (2016-2020), which accelerated the development of smart manufacturing system solutions for suppliers, the Ministry of Trade and Communications released the first recommendation catalogue of smart manufacturing system solutions providers, the only industry in the Department of Iron and Steel Informatization to show the company ' s leading position in the field of smart manufacturing.
In close partnership with the steel company, the company has been deeply involved in the development and implementation of an intelligent manufacturing strategy for the steel stock, and has assisted the company in the construction of an intelligent manufacturing project, such as the Ministry of Technology's pilot on intelligent manufacturing applications - the construction of a 1580-heat-rolling smartshop, which has initially created the Treasure Steel smart manufacturing solutions and products. In addition, the company has explored industry at 4.0 in depth.
The promotion of the integration of informatization and humanization, the successful launch and implementation of the first fully automated warehouse for the steel industry in the country, while effectively improving the efficiency of the logistics storage of resource-based enterprises, such as steel, has resulted in significant savings in human resources and a significant reduction in the logistics costs of enterprises. The company’s unmanned logistics storage system is expected to gain from the steel industry and other resource-based logistics storage areas in the future.
4.35 Core Driver 6: Informatization is a top priority in the future strategy of Treasure Steel and a summary of the main steel business strategies of the industry
4.4 The manufacturing software market continues to be huge for the good industry. In 2016, our industrial software market grew by more than 120 billion yuan, a 16 per cent increase over the previous year, the industry continues to be better, and our industrial software industry is expected to be larger than 180 billion yuan in 2018.
The industrial transformation of the country has led to a further release of industrial software demand. 2) Domestic firms have been active in developing markets for their own local services in the field of industrial software and have achieved rapid growth in their business. The current erp, production control software, mes software is the company’s main industrial software product, which will be refined in the future as the division of labour between industries becomes more detailed and industrial production is automated.
The demand for erp and mes software is expected to increase continuously. Figure 48 2012-2018 Size and forecast of the Chinese industrial software market \triangleright
2.8 trillion: According to the China Smart Manufacturing Industry Research Project 2017-2022 and its annual average compound growth rate (cagr) of 12.7% per year, China ' s manufacturing value added is conservatively estimated to exceed 30 trillion by 2021. Reference is made to the level of development of manufacturing in the United States and Germany, such as our intellectual manufacturing output in 2020.
Contributions represent about 10% of manufacturing, and will reach 2.8 trillion in size. \triangleright 24 billion: In the case of sand and steel, the sand and steel plan to invest about $1.2 billion in smart workshop projects in 2016-2020
By 2020, the target of 1,000-1500 robotic replacements will be achieved to achieve industry target 4.0. If compared to 5% of sand and steel cities, steel and steel intelligence made at least 24 billion space in the 13th and 5th years. 40%: Mes software has a large future market space, with a global market of about 41.6 billion dollars in 2014.
\triangleright, 2014 China Mees Markets Study, The Centre for the Study of Securities in the Yuan, Chart 50, Size and Growth of Markets in China ' s Industries, 2013
5 equity incentives tied to core cadres, fast growth in corporate performance, unprecedented level of equity incentives, wide coverage, 8 December 2017, first period of a share since the company was released on the market \triangleright
Seven.8 million restricted a-equity shares, about 1% of the listed company’s equity stock. This time, corporate equity incentives have been unprecedented, with staff covering company directors, senior managers, middle-level managers, core technology, business, etc., core cadres, and so on, effectively stimulating the motivation and cohesion of the company’s staff.
A high performance indicator to protect corporate performance, the company developed a three-year net asset collection \triangleright from 2018 to 2020, which is no less than the performance test of the same industry for the 75-digit level of the firm.
The company’s management is confident, and the firm’s performance is even higher. 25 pairs of companies are China Software, Iwat, Gadu Technology, East Soft Group, russchen, East State News, Han Yuen Information, Yong Yuen Federation, 233-45, Shinzhou Taiyo, Liaison Interaction, Boyan Science, Yun and Software, China Kim Djin-jin,
Ideas control, Wanda information, Tung Tung technology, Tunghua software, Hwadong computer, Hwa Xianqian, Tsingxia Wisdom, Kiki Soft, Wave Software, Han Ding Woo, Shining Information. Valuation method 1: now 18 years Pe, New Halo Network nearly 27 x, Data Harbour 44 x, industry averages around 25 x
Upon 18 years of idc 25 times, information is 30 times more information, and companies are worth at least 17.25 billion dollars. On 1 December 2017, companies issued a tradable declaration, under which they could transfer the shares of formerly listed companies to a limited sale under the tradable rules, which could be transferred six months after issuance, with shares in the holding shareholder's Treasure Steel subscription amounting to 888 million yuan, or 10 million yuan.
With 55.5% of total debt-transferable issuances, given the uncertainty of convertibility, we have conducted a sensitive analysis of the swap ratio, which is based on the following structure. On the one hand, at the operational level, the company is at a double point in performance, and on the other hand, the company’s idc operations rely on large shareholders.
Support for rapid entry into the country's first echelons will reap the dividends of high growth in the industry, and will create a new treasure, deep-saturated, domestic-leading iron and steel information and automation operations, which will also benefit fully from the tide of smart manufacturing. On the other hand, corporate equity incentives will significantly increase the motivation and motivation of the workforce, which will fundamentally change the company's past state enterprises.
There is a lack of a sense of dynamism. Therefore, companies are given a “buy-in” rating.
Large drops in gas and so on, and debt-transferable swaps will dilute the eps and raise the pe level.