Computer/computer applications; Smart manufacturing and idc two-wheel drive; firm growth in corporate operations; and steady growth in domestic leading industrial software solutions providers.
The company is the leading provider of industrial software applications in the country. In keeping with the trends in the industry and technology, and with innovations in business models, the company provides a full range of products and services such as cloud computing, data centres (idc), big data, unmanned, industrial robotics, and material networking.
In the iron and steel sector, where the market is the highest, the intelligent manufacturing sector has a pre-emptive advantage.
Products and services, such as transport services, are the first in the iron and steel market. Companies have the advantage of pre-emptive software in advanced manufacturing and have the potential to develop cloud computing value-added services, big data platforms, and robotics.
The company has become the leader of a third-party data centre in the country, one, two, and three phases, totalling 17,500, and the customers Shanghai Telecom and Shanghai have moved and been contracted.
9000, with 3,000 hangars now contracted with China's Taibo, the firm's large idc construction and operation capabilities certified, the demand for basic operators/large Internet enterprises/financial clients is high, and the annual average operating cabinets for the Bo Cloud project are expected to be fast-tracked over the next three years.
On December 29, 2017, the company awarded $7.78 million in restricted a-share shares to the incentive audience, and the country's leading provider of industrial software solutions has grown steadily.
The company is the leading provider of industrial software applications and services in the country. After more than 30 years of development, the company has promoted the deep integration of information and industrialization, with products and services performing in a wide range of industries, such as steel, transport, medicine, extraction, colouring, chemicals, equipment manufacturing, finance, public services, water and water.
The “two-fold” capacity for deep integration, sustained technological innovation, strong integration capacity and improved business-building capacity has formed the firm’s core competitiveness. Since 2017, the company has been closely aligned with national strategies such as the “Internet+” and “China’s Manufacturing 2025” to continuously enhance the development of intelligent cities in areas related to intelligence.
There are also strong forces in the areas of transport, smart buildings, public services, and efforts to promote intelligent urban innovation. Companies are responding to the trend of industrial and technological developments in the IT industry and using business model innovations to provide a comprehensive range of products and services such as cloud computing, data centres (idc), big data, humanization, industrial robots, and access to goods.
The company's main operations are: mes operations, automation operations, information services operations, orbital transport operations, intellectual equipment operations, automated services operations, erp operations, big data operations, cloud applications, electronic equipment, technology operations, idc operations, intelligence operations, chemical industries operations, financial operations, water and water operations, exchange of wisdom.
Businesses, consulting services, etc.: Mes for manufacturing, focused steel, colored, pharmaceutical, etc., with metallurgical mes, medical mes, integrated production and marketing solutions and related products, leading information advisory for industry
(c) Information, product implementation and customization development capabilities to support smart manufacturing by enterprises; automated operations: Treasure has automated technology and products with autonomous intellectual property rights, systems integration in process computers, basic automation, electrical transmission and instrumentation, engineering, software development, suites, etc.
Major engineering packages, such as manufacturing, maintenance services, on-site commissioning, and implementation capacity, have the capacity to provide full-scale and life cycle services. Information services operations: Treasure letters are based on professionalization of services and are guided by the international concept of advanced services (itil), to
Employing to the “services productization, standardization, branding” strategy, which provides industry clients with end-to-end full-life services and stereo-level solutions, including cloud computing, idc leasing, traditional integration, operational dimensions, orbital traffic operations: Treasurey software with the aim of “smart control, safety and accessibility, green environment”, committed
Using a full-scale technology (automated + informative + cloud applications) to provide overall value services for urban orbital transport clients, from engineering to operational maintenance, a life-cycle solution. Smart equipment: Treasurey smart equipment is dedicated to providing high-end, advanced intelligence to Chinese manufacturing industries.
The development, application and full life-cycle services of products and technologies, such as equipment, mainly focused on material reactor transport unmanned, warehousing logistics transport unmanned, industrial machine applications in production processes, smart detection and determination of product surfaces and built-in quality, high-end thermal equipment, electromagnetic technology, etc., can help clients achieve “efficiency and quality improvement”
The objective is to reduce labour intensity and costs. The informationization of the Treasure and the composition of automated operations is strategic and ultimately help users to achieve “smart manufacturing.” Automated services operations: the automated operation of the Treasure Service is based on automated operation maintenance services, “vitation +”
The two-wheel drive of the Engineering Service provides automated transport-wire advice, design and integration, production preparation, professional maintenance, systems optimization, technical training services, and informationization services in the areas of energy, environmental protection, metrology, testing, electricity, and integrated solution services for automated systems.
erp operations: Focus on the steel, colour, pharmaceutical, etc. industries and clients, and support multi-organization multi-packages, both to provide a professional erp solution with deep industry characteristics for a single group of enterprises and to provide an overall erp solution and product for SMEs.
Storage and analysis platforms that can provide enterprise-level data warehouses and business decision support system solutions with a deep industry background for manufacturing, advanced industrial big data applications and analytical solutions, help clients fully tap into their own business data and external environmental data, provide business insight and create business prices
Cloud applications: Bosin Cloud applications are vehicles for companies in cloud computing applications, long-term efforts to inform business functional areas, industry supply chain information, modern services information, and traditional models and cloud plans
Technical operations for electronic equipment: reverse engineering at the core of the Treasure Electronics Technical Operation, with electronic control technology as a means of achieving functional replication and technology of the same type of operation through the maintenance and repair of card-grade, installation-level equipment and the implementation of systems integration sub-items, mechanical and telecommunications equipment transport support projects for the same type of operation
Idc Business: The Treasure is dedicated to providing users with a comprehensive solution for the construction of specialized Idc rooms and an idc machine room operation with the capacity to build and operate a larger, green and energy-efficient Idc office.
Competing, with a recent overall plan of 30,000 cabinets, approximately 20,000 cabinets operating and in the process of building the idc machine room as a whole. Smart business: Treasure application smart engineering technology, object networking technology, gis technology for intelligence
Urban construction; operations in the fields of smart architecture, smart parks, intelligent transport, etc. Chemical industry: Boshin, dedicated to research, innovation and services in the chemical industry, based on awareness of the development of modern industrial megachemistry, integration and intelligence, based on automated and information technology, focusing on chemical production processes.
Automated technologies, modern industrial production management techniques, deep integration of intelligent technologies, providing industry clients with full-scale, process-wide, life-cycle integrated solutions and one-stop packages implementation services.
Software development tests, machine room hosting services, cloud computing, big data analysis, etc. Water services: Bo-Sin actively participated in the information development of the country's “most stringent water resources management” and developed water resources management platforms that cover water management operations in relevant provinces and cities and meet the management needs of all levels of government and departments.
Information-based support for the improvement of water management systems, data-sharing systems, statistical accounting and assessment systems, information-sharing, data flow, operational synergies, intelligent applications, and the provision of industry solutions for the most stringent water resources management systems.
The upgrading of market competitiveness has led to the emergence of a leading market position in the industry, and advisory services: Treasure consulting services focus on specialized advisory services for different types of enterprises, such as information planning, management consulting, and advice on the convergence of two integrated management systems.
Figure 1: Corporate income from major business (millions of yuan) Figure 2: Share of income from company-owned business (%) recorded a significant increase in revenue and cost on a year-on-year basis. Operating income increased by 38.57% over the same period the previous year, with a ratio of operating costs
During the same period the previous year saw an increase of 57.50 per cent, with the main construction cabinets in Treasure Cloud II and III being handed over, and the income and cost of the idc increased on a par, with the increase in operating costs being higher than the increase in operating income due to the fact that the Māori rate for the idc project was lower than that for shipping operations.
2 The steel sector has the highest market share of products, and the intelligent manufacturing sector has the pre-emptive use of Treasure Letter software, a small number of integrated software enterprises in the country that can provide multi-industry applications, computer information systems (CSIS) and related information technology services to users.
Companies have the advantage of advanced manufacturing software, the potential to develop cloud computing value-added services, big data platforms, and robotics. The smart-manufacturing information market is vast, and the domestic industrial software market is hundreds of billions of dollars based on it.
gartner data, which currently stands at over $300 billion for enterprise-level software worldwide, and Sadie's data, which show that the domestic industrial software market has reached hundreds of billions in 2015, with an increase of around 15%. Mees cover product definition, production capacity, production movement control, and production performance management. Mes is the manufacturing implementation system, and this level belongs to the manufacturing implementation system.
Intelligent manufacturing is now more monopolized by foreign manufacturers, such as Siemens, where ge occupies a large part of the country.
In the context of the country’s strong promotion of information security, there are greater opportunities for the development of smart-manufacturing information software, as well as the potential for import substitution of domestic firms’ products. Because of the cost advantages of domestic firms and their adaptation to different levels of automation, more mes suppliers are emerging.
The company offers a holistic solution to the construction of a specialized idc machine room, with a total of 30,000 containers planned for the near future.
It has the capacity to build and operate a green and energy-efficient Idc machine house. It has the advantage of water and electricity infrastructure at the Bo-Itoro industrial base. It has created a core competitive capacity in the Shanghai regional market to develop the Idc industry on a scale that has recently been planned for 30,000 cabinets, which have been delivered for operation and are being built on an overall scale of about 20,000 cabinets.
Mixed clouds are becoming a trend that poses new challenges for the management of its carriers. Gartner predicts that 90% of the organizations will adopt hybrid cloud management infrastructure by 2020. For large enterprises, especially in traditional industries such as manufacturing, medicine, etc., the hybrid cloud model can satisfy security for sensitive data and the stability of key operations.
Qualitative demand, while enjoying the advantage of public cloud flexibility, has greatly reduced deployment costs. But mixed clouds have also created new difficulties for its maintenance management.
In this cloudy and mixed cloud environment, it is a major challenge to achieve public and private cloud access, to achieve integrated management, and not to reduce the efficiency of its operation.” Compared to the average Internet cloud service provider, the Treasure Cloud, with its multi-year accumulation in the field of government and corporations, can be a major challenge.
Government and business users provide a full range of offline services that are better suited to traditional industries to cope with their core business challenges. Treasure clouds provide a one-stop solution for the entire life cycle of mixed cloud structures, depending on the user’s different business needs, private cloud, public cloud, cloud hosting, etc., and through one-stop housekeepers.
Services to plan, design, deploy, and manage the inter-coated IT infrastructure for users, freeing enterprise users of the energy they spend on bottom-level structures, significantly improving the efficiency of their operations and reducing the costs of business error. The Treasure Cloud ensures cloud safety, provides a big data platform for large-scale data storage at the pb level.
One of the main obstacles to corporate safety is cloud safety. The treasure cloud has a professional information security service, a team that can provide a wide range of services such as network firewall management, load balance management, sslvpn management, and special information security checks, level protection compliance, security penetration tests, etc., to help users build a strong security environment.
Full protection, safety detection, and safe transport capability. For many business users, the upper cloud is only the first step, for example, how to make the data on the cloud computing platform valuable. To this end, the Treasure Cloud also provides a large number. According to the platform, large data storage at the pb level and tens of thousands of data per second are collected in real time to solve the big data for users.
Collection, storage, and management challenges to meet business people’s data analysis needs. The Treasure Cloud Idc project, launched by Treasure News, is progressing well, downstream demand is high, and the number of business cabinets is rising rapidly.
During the year, the company’s business market demand continued to expand, with the scheduled delivery of the company’s stock. The company became the leader of a third-party data centre in Washington and around the country, with a total of one, two, and three planned cabinet masters.
The four planning cabinets are 9,000. For example, 3,000 aircraft contracts have been signed with Taipa, China, and the company ' s large idc building and operating capacity has been certified, basic operators/large Internet enterprises/financial customers have high demand, and the next three years will be the Year of the Treasure Cloud Project.
The hangars are expected to be fast-tracked.4 The roll-out of the first equity incentive, which highlights the company ' s future development confidence, and the second first stock incentive scheme, which includes, inter alia, company directors, senior managers, middle managers, core technology
The strength of the business cadre stood at 333, highlighting confidence in future development.5 Profit forecasting and valuation