With a steady upturn in performance, it is expected that the start of sub-hydropower construction will benefit. China will be able to achieve a steady upswing in performance (601868.sh) on schedule. Investment operations and surveying of design revenues will increase rapidly.
The operating income was $212,091 million, an increase of 9.18 per cent. Of this amount, construction income was $18,1996 million, or 16.46 per cent, compared with the increase in 16.46 per cent. The company achieved net profit of $2,802 million, or 0.72 per cent.
The new energy and survey design contracts are growing rapidly, and Araya is expected to benefit. 2025h1, the company signed a new contract of $7,75357 million, an increase of 4.98 per cent.
71,744 million yuan, representing an increase of 9.2 per cent over the same period, for construction, a new contract of $33,172 million for new and integrated energy sources, representing an increase of 12.57 per cent over the same period; a new contract of $12,963 million for urban construction; and a new contract of $17,405 million for design and consultancy operations, representing an increase of 52.1 per cent over the same period for equipment manufacturing operations.
China has been able to complete more than 90% of the country's electrical and electrical engineering operations and has undertaken more than 70% of the country's electricity and electricity construction, with a market share of over 30% in the water and electricity sector (larger).
The company is responsible for the major works in the construction of the three gorges, and is expected to continue to benefit from the construction of large-scale hydroelectric works, both domestically and internationally. Multiply, it maintains a “recommended” rating.
This report is presented independently and objectively, with a clear and accurate view of my research. Any part of my pay was not in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.