Four generations into the Grand Bay area, \triangleright, October 28, 2022.
2,594 million yuan, reflecting an increase of 26.96 per cent (repeated); 2,602 million yuan, representing an increase of 28.19 per cent (repeated), attributable to shareholders in listed companies; and 52,703 million \triangleright, operating income achieved in the previous three quarters.
Of this amount, nuclear power generation increased by 4.0% from the same year to 4.0% from the same year, and, under the pressure of insurance, nuclear power increased at the same rate compared to the q2 by a drop, which is what was expected.
One billion kilowatt hours, 34.3 per cent more than the same year, and 5,673 million kilowatt hours, 51.5 per cent more than the same year. Cost increases affect the pace of performance: gains from electricity, increase in electricity prices, increase in the q3 company income, \triangleright
Research assistant Zhao Guin Li, but similar to q2, q3 management costs increased by $70 million on the same date. Moreover, one-quarter financial costs increased by $293 million on the same year, while interest costs increased by only $12 million over the same period, or mainly as a result of currency exchange losses.
Nuclear power approvals were speeded up, and the “913” country regularly approved units 3 and 4 of the company’s controlled nuclear power unit, which had been approved by the “420” country regularly, and the company had been authorized 4 units for a total of 4,926,000 kW in the course of the year. With regard to new energy sources, as of the end of September, the company’s new energy sources were new.
1. China ' s nuclear power (601985.sh) semi-annual report, 2022
2. China ' s nuclear power (601985.sh) incident rating: the outbreak has caused a decline in the power of nuclear power and a sustained increase in wind light - 2022/0 - is expected to continue.
Four generations of high-temperature cooling piles advanced into the Great Bay region: on the night of 27 October, the company announced that the board of directors had considered the adoption of \triangleright 3. China Nuclear Power (601985.sh).
The Bill on the Establishment of the China-North China-China-China-China Green Energy Company Ltd., which the company intends to co-finance with East China-based energy resources, to accelerate the re-emergence of new energy sources by 2022/05/12, China-China-China-China-China-China-East China-based Green Energy Company Ltd., with 51% shareholding. The project will implement a national cold on high-temperature gas.
Quarterly evaluation in the year 022: The rate is up, the new crew has surprises and strategic deployments, and the implementation of the company ' s strategic layout in the Bay of Australasia region of Port-au-Prince is beneficial. -202/04/28.
Investment proposals: company q3 nuclear power increases from downside, but the cost increases affect the speed of performance; new nuclear power units \trianglerights approve faster and the wind is still rising; combined Tunghua energy drops four generations of nuclear power in the Great Bay region.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.