China's Nuclear Power (601985) Utilities approved to accelerate long-term development and sustain steady investment in South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
A net profit of $8.03 billion (+20.3 per cent) to the mother; $18.1 billion (+10.8 per cent) to the second quarter of 2022q3, resulting in an increase in the volume of electricity generated as a result of the increase in revenue and a steady increase in the performance of the market-based increase in electricity prices. $52.7 billion (+13.5 per cent) to the public sector during the first three quarters of 2022, mainly in the generation of nuclear power and wind power from the company.
This increase, as well as an increase in the volume of market-based electricity and market-based electricity prices, was recorded in the first three quarters of the year. A net profit of $8.03 billion (+20.3 per cent) was realized in the first three quarters of the year, of which $2.59 billion (+27 per cent) was earned in the first three quarters, with an increase of 1.6 per cent in the ring ratio, mainly due to a steady increase in corporate performance as a result of the increase in the volume of electricity on the Internet and market-based electricity prices.
• Nuclear power operations were further strengthened by the approval of Phase II project in Fujian State. On 14 September 2022, the State Council, at its Standing Meeting, approved Phase II of Unit 3 and 4 in Fujian State. As of the end of September, the company was carrying 25 nuclear power units with a capacity of 23.8gw; the control unit was building eight units with a capacity of 8.9gw;
Approval of three units with a installed capacity of 3.7gw. During the first three quarters of the year, the company generated 136 billion kWh of nuclear power, with a steady increase in the capacity of the wind installed and the development of clean energy operations supported by the integration of energy transfer resources in Central and Central. As of the end of September, the company ' s new energy sources had reached 10.25gw, of which the wind power/photovolts were 3.15/7.10gw, respectively, at the end of September.
The amount of wind/photovoltaic power generated in the previous three quarters was 4.43.356.7 billion kWh, providing an important guarantee of rapid growth in wind and light operations with hundreds of millions of yuan in cash.
Equity, integration of new energy industry resources, and further implementation of the company’s clean energy development strategy. For the next three years, net return profits will remain at a compound growth rate of 16.2%. Taking into account the company’s new energy sources, 1. China’s nuclear power (601985): the price of nuclear power is rising, wind is rising.
Business elasticity is high, and the share of marketized electricity is expected to continue to rise, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Windlight operations have not crossed (2022-04-18) and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.