The machinery team has improved the quality of its operations, the profits have continued to be released, the overseas revenues have continued to expand, and the profits have been released. Companies have continued to deepen their globalization strategies.
In 24 years, companies have earned $41,687 million overseas, compared to +12.00 per cent, or 45.48 per cent, or 20.19 per cent, of their overseas operations, which have led to the release of corporate profits. Companies have built marketing service models based on regional operations in North America, and manufacturing models based on regional operations in South America.
2. In-depth study by Xu Engineering and Mechanics: A New Beginnings of Change, A Time for Miners, which replicates and expands in 14 regions abroad, looking at the continued expansion of the company ' s earnings abroad, the recovery of the domestic dredgers is over-expected and the company fully benefits from the up-to-date cycle of domestic demand.
3. Xu Engineering Mechanics Review: A significant increase in the Māori rate of 24q3 and an acceleration in performance
Industry Association data, 25q1 domestic excavators sold for 19517, corresponding to +28.5 per cent, have been growing steadily for months; demand for upgrading and demand for small digs is expected to continue to support the expansion of sales inside the excavators, and we look forward to the coming up cycle of domestic excavators, public.
The Division, as the head of the domestic excavator industry, is expected to benefit fully from the recovery in demand for domestic excavators. Cash flows are good, stock turnover is accelerating, and the quality of operations is improving.
As a leader in the business, the company is in the lead in many areas. Among the company’s products, 16 main types of aircraft, such as car cranes, vehicle cranes, rollers, etc., are ranked first in the domestic industry;
Corporate cranes, mobile cranes, horizontal-directional drills continue to be the world's number-first, manoeuvring machines, concrete machines at the top of the world's first camp, mines at the top of the world's fourth, excavators at the sixth, second, and loaders at the bottom of the globe.
The ball is the second, the country's first, and the new energy loader is the world's number one. The company is in the head and has a strong leader in a variety of engineering machinery and machinery products.
Downstream property, less than expected capital demand, increased competition in overseas markets, risk of rising prices of raw materials, risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market