The Mechanical Unit proposes to buy back shares of $1.8-36 billion, highlighting the performance of the company, which issued a repurchase announcement on April 8, 2025, to be awarded a centralized bid party.
Repurchase of shares, repurchase of shares to implement equity incentives or employee holding schemes.
Repurchase funds up to $3.6 billion, no less than $1.8 billion. Repurchase prices do not exceed 2. Quantified Xu Engineering and Mechanics: A significant increase in Māori rate of 2403, acceleration of performance $13/equity, repurchase of shares for use in the implementation of equity incentives or employee holding schemes, enhancement.
Investor confidence, stock buy-back, highlights the company’s confidence in long-term growth in performance. 3. Xu Engineering and Mechanics Stocktaking: Quality of Assets uplifted, Performance Fit for Expectations, Domestic Digger Recovery over-expected, and the company fully benefits from the up-to-date cycle of domestic demand.
Domestic excavator sales have continued to increase, and the industry is moving up. According to the Chinese Association of Engineering and Mechanics, 2501 domestic excavators were sold in 19517, the same year + 28.5%.
During the cycle, the company, as the head of the domestic dredging industry, is expected to benefit fully from the domestic dredging machine, which is leading the industry in many areas. Among the company’s products, 16 types of main aircraft, such as car cranes, vehicle cranes, rollers, etc., are ranked first in the domestic industry;
Corporate cranes, mobile cranes and horizontal-directional drills continue to be the world's first-largest in number, and pillar machinery, concrete machinery, road machinery, vehicle cranes, tower cranes, high-altitude platforms remain the world's third-largest in size, open-air mining facilities.
In the fourth place, the excavator is the sixth and second largest in the world, and the loader is the second and first in the world, and the new energy loader is the first in the world. The company is in the head and the leader of the multi-processed machinery product.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Downstream real estate, less than expected capital demand, increased competition in overseas markets, risk of price increases for raw materials, risk of exchange rate fluctuations.