The performance of 25q1 has increased, and the quality of the operation has continued to improve.
Deep Farming + Optimizing the Industrial System, with the company as a whole developing robustly. In 2024, the company was operating robustly, operating fairly stable, net profits growing, and in 2024, the company's Māori ratio, Wang Achi, grew.
The company’s emphasis on traditional industries such as the soil in order to strengthen its competitive advantage is complemented by the company’s emphasis on the efficiency of traditional industries such as the soil side, and the emergence of new industries such as the power-push mining machine, which in 2024 was the company’s weight-up/ground/concrete machinery/story machinery/pumping machine.
High-altitude machine/mine machine/road machine operating income increased by 1.75 percentage points, respectively, with both the Māori rate for excavator products and the net interest rate for sales; in addition, emerging operations, such as mining machinery and agricultural machinery, continued to develop, with miner revenues and gross revenues
In the last year, the interest rate of equities compared to the depth of 300 was double-growth, with farm revenue rising by 170% over the same year. Cash flows improved, asset liabilities declined, and companies continued to improve their business quality.
Quality, risk control, world class, steady growth” business development approach, increasing the rate of return of new operations, and a significant increase in cash flows, with net cash flows from corporate operations at $5,720 million in 2024, +60.18 per cent in comparison with +60.18 per cent in comparison, and net cash flows from corporate operations at 2025q1 in the first quarter of the quarter of the year, amounting to $826 million
In addition, the company continues to deflate the level of its assets and liabilities, with 2024 years of capital Recovering in the engineering and machinery market and a steady increase in exports, and the company is expected to benefit fully from a leading market in the multi-goods category. On the domestic market, one sales end, according to the Association of Engineering and Mechanical Industries, 25q1 excavators.
In view of the index of financial excavators, an average of 44.67% of engineering machinery has been opened in 25q1, compared to +1.62% in the case of q3 profitability. We believe that the domestic engineering and machinery industry is on a steady upward trend, with policy support and support.
The equipment renewal cycle provides the basis for a year-round rollback.
Xu's continued shift toward high-end, intelligent, green, service-based, globalisation - 28/08/2024, with a well-structured global market and multi-product class leading the world, with diggers ranked.
The world’s sixth and second largest domestic cranes, the fourth in the world, with strong competitive power, are expected to benefit from stable domestic demand and sustained expansion of overseas markets. Market demand falls short of expected risks, overseas market expansion falls short of expected risks, and exchange rate fluctuations.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to advise on portfolio investment, produces the report independently and objectively and ensures that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeks to reflect the author’s research views clearly and accurately, and does not constitute any third-party conclusion.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.