In the first quarter of 2025, Xu was able to earn 26,815 million yuan, or +10.92 per cent of the year's revenue; the industrial clusters were rising steadily, and the intellectual endowments accelerated growth.
The company focuses on the “5+1” industry and insists on a strong core engineering and mechanical industry. Plural development, during the reporting period, 1) corporate traditional industries have improved efficiency.
A new breakthrough has been achieved in terms of countervailing sales rates, export earnings and ratios; towers have reached over 600 tons; company prices have moved in comparison to the depth of 300; mega towers have made new breakthroughs; road machinery revenues, net profits, Māori rates, cash flows are full-blown.
Growth: 2) Emerging industries have grown. Among them, Xu's high-powered fire-fighting machine and the leading position of the two major industries in the domestic market have been further strengthened; mine revenue has increased and the Māori rate has risen; the Forklift Department has increased both in size and in size; Xu's new energy product has grown by more than 30%; and farm revenue has increased by more than 170%.) Zero.
The component industry speeds up the chain of reinforcements, and the departments have the capacity to support the mainframe. Of these, the hydraulics department has a net profit, a Maori rate, an increase in revenue from the external market, an increase in the Māori rate, new transmissions and revenue from the external market.
In terms of digitization, the corporate organizational system was optimized around change, new organizational structures such as the Global Digital Centre, the Global Revolving Operations Centre, and new digitalization systems in several regions of overseas and domestic marketing were established; the industry's first three-dimensional pilot factory model was established and the pilot project was promoted in an orderly manner
The pace of globalization has accelerated, with major regional gains in efficiency and internationalization being one of the major trends in the engineering and machinery industry and one of the major corporate development strategies, with companies earning $41,687 million in foreign markets in 2024, or 45.48 per cent, an increase of 12 per cent over the reporting period.
Within, the company upgrades the internationalized operating system of 1+14+n, completes the restructuring of the international business headquarters, and improves the regional organizational system to support the physical operation. For large clients, the company has established Mine Machinery International.
In the field of overseas distribution, companies organize a number of overseas production and capacity projects, plus double growth, 2024-10-06.
2. Internationalization + Uplifting and Profiting We look forward to the long-term growth of the company with a higher profit margin than we expected in q1 in 2024 and 2025 1) domestic industry demand is not as high as we expected; 2) offshore markets are not expanding as expected; 3) Receivables are being recovered
Use legally compliant information, produce the present report independently and objectively, use the data and information used in this report from the market, do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, or make any changes in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be receiving any form directly or indirectly as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.