Xu's 2024 newspaper (000425) and its 2025 quarterly reviews: Xu's 2024 report and the 2025 quarterly report; the traditional industry has improved its quality and the earth's machinery has performed well. In 2024, it received 240.11.
The company's profit-making capacity and the share of cities, both within and outside the country, have increased; the Ministry of Transport has improved the quality of its operations, its contribution, its net profits, its cash flow, and its net interest rate has increased considerably.
The export revenue ratio exceeded +60.00 per cent; the towers collaborated on major projects in the areas of bridges, fire power, nuclear power, etc., and there was a breakthrough in the city; there was a sustained improvement in the quality of vehicle operations, with a significant increase in revenue, net profits, and cash flows.
The total revenue was $5,023 million, or +45.21 per cent. The concrete and mechanical revenues were $9,408 million, or 9.76 per cent. Xu was active in promoting global market synergies, technological alliances, and productive synergies with Schwiing, Germany. The integrated development of road machinery continued to provide a professional and set-up advantage.
The increase in the size and quality of the camps was evident, with revenues of $4.063 billion, or +642 per cent, and the development of the new industries was successful, with higher yields in agriculture. In 2024, the domestic market position of Xu's high-fire engines and fire-fighting industries was further strengthened, with revenues of $8.678 billion in high-machine operations, compared to the same--
2.1%. Miner business collects $6362 million, i.e. +8.55% of the year. Companies continue to improve their capacity to provide services throughout their life cycle, achieve income growth, and raise the Māori rate. The forklift industry combines significantly, increasing profits on a double scale. New energy products grow by more than 30.00% and new energy loaders.
In agriculture, companies accelerate the expansion and industrialization of high-end product spectrometry, such as large horse tractors and large combined harvesters, with revenue growth of over 170.00%. If demand for domestic enterprise products in overseas markets is reduced, it will result in firm performance pressure; and (3) if they are in the original state,
A “market index” for this rating system,a a stock reference of 300 indexes; and a new three-board reference of three indexes. Investors are only suitable for risk levels not higher than “middle- and low-risk” studies, and “stable” investors are only suitable for risk levels not higher than “medium-risks.”
“Positive” investors are only suited to the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.