The non-ferrous metals are rare metals, the external layout of resources, the extension of the inner industrial chain, high growth times, the reserves of lithium resources are abundant, breaking the top of the resource. The lithium mineral resources are the lives of lithium-processing companies.
Lines, companies actively explore upstream resource markets, with multiple arrows. (1) They own 43.1% of the Australian Rim stock and will continue to buy 13.8% of their stock, and the company will hold 56.9% of its stock when the acquisition is completed.
The production of the mtmarion mine project continues to accelerate. The annual production is expected to reach 400,000 tons of lithium quartz concentrate. (2) A 100 per cent stake in the Jiangxi lithium industry and a 1 million share share in the Jiangxi lithium industry.
The mineral reserves of 122b+333 ores, 57571 million tons, and the total market value/flow (millions of dollars) of the annual production line of 10,000 tons of lithium concentrate, have been restored to production.
Top/minimum ($) 12-month replenishment of $30 million with 55 per cent equity in the Irish avalonia lithium quartz mine, company plus fast-track exploration and exploitation of the Mariana halo water mine and the Irish avalonia lithium quarries mine
The Lithium Industry - The Prices of Lithium Carbonate have soared and soared that it continues to meet the demands of rapidly growing companies for lithium raw materials. (4) The Affordation Division has increased its performance in the first quarter of the year - 2016/04/27
The company is the only company in the country with both “halogenated lithium” and “ore lithium” industrial technologies, with the largest halogenated lithium and ore deposits in the country.
Lithium processing production line. The existing capacity of 7,000 tons of lithium halohydrate, 15,000 tons of lithium ore carbonate, 30,000 tons of lithium hydroxide and Ning are expected to reach 17,500 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate in the second half of 2018. Battery-grade lithium hydroxide has entered the international first-line power cell supply chain.
It is also the world’s largest producer of lithium metal products, with a market share of more than 30% of the world’s lithium metal, and is the country’s only large-scale production base for buti-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-thi-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-thi-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-this.
The new fully automated lithium cell production line project, which invests in the new 600 million watt-hour high-volume lithium ion power cell project, is fully integrated into the new energy sector. At the same time, the company ' s three-dollar pre-drivers project adds 622 and 811 capacity to the 532 base.
Investment proposals: New energy vehicles will continue to grow at a high rate and demand for lithium resources will go hand in hand.
External deployment of resources, extension of the industrial chain, high-growth period.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report