The Sini Mountain Billion of Sense (300502.sz) is waiting for 400g/800g to boost the company's performance.
At the end of performance, corporate revenue and the decline in Māori were mainly the highest point-to-point module revenues. The 23h1 company point-to-point module revenue was 1,261 million yuan, a decrease of 13.03 per cent in the same year; for offshore sales, the 23h1 point-to-point module sales were 2.91 million, compared to 4.61 million during the same period last year, according to the same period.
Basic data: 30 June 2023, companies revealed that changes in production and sales were mainly due to changes in the structure of the company ' s products. At the profit end, the company ' s 23h1 Māori ratio was 29.41%, down by 4.33 pct from the same period, with point-to-point Māori ratio for the light module down from the same period last year.
The company has continued to invest in high-speed light module development to improve a variety of technology layouts. \triangleright has successfully launched a single wave 200g light module product of 800g, with 800g and 400g light module product groups
Together, 800g, 400g light module products based on silicon light solutions and 400gzr/zr+ dry light module products, and 800g light module based on the lpo programme.
Signed with the main seller of alpine's shareholdings an addendumagreement (“supplementary agreement”) to change the trade agreement with respect to technology product 2, updated technology product 2 in connection with the full-light Internet forum (opticinternetworkingforum) and msa
The relevant specifications, the technology change, will enhance the company’s ability to develop silicon chips. With the data centre’s demand for increased light-mode block rate, the company is expected to benefit from a combination of 400g/800g light module product release and silicon light technology.
41.4/31.2/25.3 times; as one of the global champions of light, the company is one of the few suppliers capable of producing 800 g light modules and is well advanced in leading technologies that are expected to benefit in the long term from the growth of light module technology and demand, and that is expected to rise in follow-up with the performance of large overseas clients ' orders.
Risks of technological upgrading: The continuous development and extension of the field of applications of light communication technology, with higher requirements for the performance of light communication equipment; light modules as an important component of light communication equipment, and their manufacture; technology will evolve towards miniaturization, low cost, high speed, long distance, heat-pluging, and so on.
The introduction of functions, new programmes, and extension of applications place higher demands on the technical level and quality of the light module products. If the company’s core technology is not upgraded in a timely manner, or the R & D is misdirected, there is a risk that the R & D will not be marketable. At the same time, there is a risk that the company’s products will be replaced.
With microoptic devices and integrated photons technologies moving from laboratory research to practical application, the light module has the risk of being replaced by more integrated optical devices.
Networkers, companies need to ensure the speed of supply, so for some raw materials with long procurement cycles and market constraints, companies are prepared ahead of schedule based on market forecasts, usually with higher unit prices for such raw materials and higher acquisition costs.
There will be a risk of a backlog that will affect the liquidity of the company and the cash flow of its operations, as well as the risk of competition in the market: with the rapid advance in the construction of the ai and the rapid development of the data centre market, there will be good development opportunities for the industry, while at the same time increasing competition with industry light module manufacturers, if
Inappropriate responses, companies may face the risk of falling market shares or falling product- and technology-competitiveness.
Services domestic and international clients in data centres, data communications, 5g wireless networks, telecommunications transmissions, fixed network access, smart power grids, security surveillance, etc. From a development history, the company was established in 2008 and listed in 2016, and in 2018 it acquired part of the shares of the United States company alpine and completed its full acquisition of alpine in 2022, further upgrading the development of silicon light modules, dry light modules and silicon photo chip technology.
Specifically, the company now has 100g, 200g, 400g, 800g light modules covering cloud data centres, 5g forward, middle and echo light modules in telecommunications, as well as light modules for urban area networks, backbone networks and core network transmission, and the introduction of 800g, 400g light module products based on silicon photoresis and 400gzr/zr+ trunklight module products, and 800g light model products based on the lpo programme
At present, in addition to alpine, the company’s main subsidiaries include Sichuan, Hong Kong and the United States, where Sichuan is the company’s main production base and is responsible for high-speed light module development, production and marketing, and Hong Kong and the United States of America.
The company is primarily responsible for opening the market for the company; in addition, the company has several subsidiaries in Thailand and Singapore. 2. The fall in harvests and technology overlaps are expected to bring a breakthrough for the company.
Companies have been active in developing overseas customers, and have now established good partnerships with mainstream Internet manufacturers and telecommunications providers around the world. Companies have achieved a full deployment of the 800g high-speed light module and cpo, lpo, etc., and while the growth of the country’s traditional digital and telecommunications markets as a whole has slowed down owing to multiple factors, companies are expected to benefit from the high-calculation demand generated by the ai, with a variety of technologies and overseas technology.
(b) The light module, as an important component of light communication equipment, will develop in the direction of miniaturization, low-cost, high-speed, long-range, heat-pluging, etc., new functions, new programmes, and extension of applications to the technical level and process quality of light module products.
At the same time, as microoptic devices and integrated photon technologies move from laboratory research to practical application, photo-mode blocks risk being replaced by more integrated photon devices.
Risks of inventory quality: Companies usually use the order production model, but for communications equipment manufacturers and Internet manufacturers, companies are required to ensure the speed of supply, so that for some raw materials with long procurement cycles and market constraints, companies prepare their goods in advance based on market forecasts, usually with higher unit prices and higher procurement costs. In the future, raw materials will exist if there is a missed share of the bid or if customers predict high orders.
The risk of market competition: as a result of the rapid build-up of the ai and the rapid development of the data centre market, good opportunities for industry development are created, and competition with industry light module manufacturers is increased, and companies may face a decline in market share or products, if not properly addressed.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.