There's a better connection between the two industries, and the company's dominant product power electronics are semiconducted.
Net profit from maternity is 904 million yuan, an increase of 42.93 per cent in the same year; net profit from non-repatriation is 621 million sequestered single crystals-silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon combined global strength is third, foreign dollars is 98.38 per cent more than in the same year; Māori sales are 19.49 per cent, an increase of 2.14 percentage points and operationality
Market ownership exceeded 18 per cent, and domestic market ownership exceeded 80 per cent; photovoltaic monocrystal R & D was the world ' s leading, single-crystal billion yuan, representing 6.92 per cent of operating income.
The combined power of the chip, the overall scale of production and sales are among the world’s leading players, with the most efficient N-silicon market in the world. The semiconductor industry continues to break out, and the national production replacement space is huge.
Highlights for the next three to six months: billions of square inches, 20.8 per cent more than the same year, sales of corporate products to the top 10 semiconductor clients worldwide, more than twice the sales revenue, and at the same time the scale of sales of cis, bcd, pmic chips, etc.
Significant breakthrough: Great progress has been made in logical chips and storage chips. The company has 12 inches of silicon full of copfree products for 45 nm, and plans to start production in 2020, our semiconductor, heavy dependence on silicon imports, and the central ring is already a national silicone tap, 8 inches and below.
It's already mature, and 12 inches of silicon in 2020 is expected to be released. According to the company's planning for the Episode project, postnatal companies will have 8.775 million pieces per month, 12.6 million pieces per month, and will become one of the globally competitive semiconductor material firms.
In 2019, the company completed the rise in production capacity, the Japan Association announced that it would invest 18 billion dollars in the construction of 60gw210 components, and the pioneer enterprises of East Day rise, Tian-Ying, Photo-energy, and Aixu Technology proposed a 210-plus scheme, with large silicon energy.
Large silicon is dominated, and the release of productive capacity in 2020-2021 will further consolidate the company’s flagship position. 20.45 and 17.22 times. Keep in mind that the company’s semiconductor plus photovoltaic is driven by two wheels, maintaining a “strongly recommended” source of financial prosperity in the East.
B.A., North Korean University of Electricity, Master of Arts, Shanghai University of Transport, Baa, Manchester University (financial direction), joined East Hing Securities in May 2019 as guest speaker for the Swedish Green Transport Congress 2018.
B.A., Nuclear Science and Engineering, Qinghua University, formerly employed at the Nuclear and Radiation Safety Center of the Department of Environmental Protection as a research assistant for the Nuclear Safety Review.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.