The new tide, the new chapter, the photovoltaic and semiconductor industries, there's a strong synergy between the two industries.
Since the series, in December 2019, the company's five-phase project has produced the first m12 silicon rods, multiple submersible silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
The market is more than 18%, the domestic market is more than 18%, and the technology and the East is rising by 210 high-efficiency batteries and components, 210 silicon silicons are spreading rapidly. 80% of East Timor is a global leader in photovoltaic monocrystal development, single crystals.
After changing the name to 210 silicons, single-line capacity can be increased by 30%, electricity costs reduced by 6%, the combined strength of the silicons, the overall scale of the product sales are ranked by 9.6%, and the future space is huge. The central ring is a pioneer for 210 silicons.
The top line, the most efficient N-silicon market, is the world’s number one. There are obvious technological advantages, with all of the five staged projects under construction at 210 mm silicon production capacity, reaching the post-partum stage, and major issues for the next three to six months:
The total capacity is expected to outpace 55gw. The volume of m12 silicon tablets is expected to reach 16gw in 2020.
An increase in silicon silicon from high-efficiency batteries such as ibc would significantly increase the power generation efficiency of the battery assembly while reducing the cost of production. In the case of tit cells, silicon accounts for nearly 50% of battery costs, using large silicone tablets that can effectively raise the number of single-cell tiles per watt.
The company, as the leading company in the N-silicon market, as well as the leader of the large silicon technology, will be the biggest contributor to the silicon industry. The mix is officially launched and marketed.
The merger, if successfully introduced into private capital, will lead to further marketization, capital efficiency, capital operation and industrial development, and will give new life to the company.
To raise the level of innovation development and make companies more flexible, thereby further increasing profitability and competition in the market.
1.1210 is a silicon silicon silicon that is rapidly advancing, with the Chinese ring taking the lead.
The crystalline smart slices project, which produces g12 large-sized silicon tablets (the original m12 silicon), or 210 mm silicon inches, after delivery, will facilitate the production of 210 mm large silicon silicon, which will help to increase the power of the components and spread bos costs, thereby reducing the cost of photovoltaic power generation and promoting the further development of affordable Internet access.
Since the launch of the 12-inch super-silicon silicon m12 series in August 2019, 210 mm silicon tablets and their downstream battery components have been pushed by components that can significantly reduce the installation costs, with the East Day rise to 210 silicons increasing by 30 per cent, with a 6 per cent reduction in the volume of electricity and a 9.6 per cent reduction in the cost of the bos, which is an almost intergenerational gap that is significant in terms of achieving affordable access to the Internet and a moderate electricity cost for all products at present.
At a minimum, the future photovoltaic sector is expected to further explore the value of 210 silicon silicon tablets, under the pressure of affordable Internet access. As a pioneer in the 210 silicon silicon sector, the technological advantage is clear, and the future will be driven by a new wave of innovation in the photovoltaic sector as large silicons are widely used, and will quickly take advantage of the market’s pre-eminence to gain high-speed market share growth.
Hu and Holt's monocrystal capacity has passed 30gw, the next five projects will be built after they have reached the post-natal stage, with capacity reaching 55gw, and all five ongoing projects will be built with 210 dimensions of silicon, which will significantly enhance the company's performance and consolidate its leadership.
In the context of the broad industrial trend of reducing efficiency, battery technology has been constantly innovating, with the transition from the mainstream perc batteries to high-efficiency batteries such as hit, ibc. Currently, ibc batteries are the most efficient, complex and structurally difficult cells in commercial crystalline silicon cells, marking the highest level of crystalline silicone research and development; and the het cell process is relatively simple and efficient and easier to convert.
In the middle, 210 large silicon silicon silicon cells will be rapidly expanded, which will boost the efficiency of the cell assembly while reducing production costs. In the case of hit cells, silicon is close to 50% of the cost of the battery, allowing single cell tiles to be raised by large silicons. With the promotion of high-silicon cells such as hit, ibc, the middle ring shares are used as a share in the cost of the cell.
The leading company in the city of N-silicon, and the leader of the big silicone technology, will be the biggest profiter in the silicon industry.
On January 20, China Ring issued an announcement stating that China-China Group shareholders would publicly transfer 100% of China-Cluster equity and Tianjin's intellectual capital, and that the mix would be officially launched, and the mix would be substantial. Private capital would be more flexible and efficient than State-owned capital, and if the mix were successfully introduced, the central ring would move further towards marketization and be more oriented towards the profitability of the enterprise, thereby increasing the capital.
The efficiency of capital use, the strengthening of capital operations, and the simultaneous development of capital and industrial operations. The introduction of new private capital will also bring new dynamism to the group, raise the level of innovation, and make it more flexible in terms of production management, decision-making process mechanisms, etc., so as to keep pace with market changes.
This mix is expected to lead to high-quality sustainable development for the group as a whole, further improving profitability and market competitiveness, and strong corporate leadership, which will flourish in the era of photovoltaic parity Internet access. g12 large silicon production capacity will not be released as expected; downstream demand will fluctuate; and mixing will not be as effective as expected.
B.S.A., Shanghai Transport University, ba (financial direction), Manchester University, May 2019.
Guest speaker at the Swedish Green Transport Congress 2018 Bachelor of Science, Nuclear Science and Engineering, Qinghua University, and formerly at the Nuclear and Radiation Safety Centre of the Ministry of Environmental Protection for Nuclear Safety Review, Research Assistant Profile
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.