On August 24, 2022, China released its 2022 mid-year report and realized a profit of 85,340 yuan from mother-to-man's operations.
+4.3 per cent; net return to the mother is $60,273 million, or 3.9 per cent of the year, and basically $4.88 per share of operating income, with a steady increase in operating profits, with each share showing strong operational resilience.
The group was attributed to the parent company ' s shareholder ' s operating profit of 85,340 million yuan, i.e. +4.3 per cent of the year, the net return profit of the mother, the lower actual rate of payment and the improvement in the rate of continuation, which made the business experience superior to the assumptions made.
This has led to a positive increase in operating margins (+70.2% over the same period), which has led to a positive increase in the profits of parent operations. In the medium term, the share share share is between +4.5% and 0.92 dollars, highlighting business resilience and the importance attached to shareholder returns.
Long-term guaranteed product consumption has slowed, and below-line activities have been limited, compounding the effects of the high base caused by the collapse of the risk of severe disease in the first quarter of last year. The proxy ring has been reduced by a narrow margin, with a marked increase in the quality of the team.
\triangleright built a “three-high” team, agent income grew steadily, the quality of the workforce improved markedly, and the value of new business per life insurance agent increased by 26.9% from year to year, and the policy continued at the same rate as +4.1 pct for 13 months.
Average monthly income per capita of $7957, compared to the same figure of 35.1 per cent, was only 3.5 per cent to 519,000 persons, and the decline in the number of agents slowed down in comparison with the quarterly ratio of the 2q22 workforce. Income from the insurance premium was growing steadily, and the quality of operations remained healthy.
The combined cost rate (cor) of 97.3 per cent in the first half of the year, compared to +1.4 pct, was mainly affected by the epidemic, which ensured that there was an increase in payments for insurance operations, resulting in short-term fluctuations in the overall combined cost rate. Vehicle insurance and non-car insurance revenue increased by 15.8 per cent and 7.3 per cent, respectively, and vehicle insurance operations combined cost rates.
The Healthy Health Circle continued to fall, and the “insurance plus services” contributed to the improvement of performance. By the end of June 2022, the Safe Medical Health Circle had achieved 100% of the country's 100% of the country's hospitals and tri-a-hospitals.
The number of co-operative pharmacies is 208,000; there are 187 cities with more than 55,000 medical facilities with more than 1.42 million doctors.
Over 64 per cent of clients used the services provided by the Healthy Ecoosphere.cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. Investment proposal: In the first half of 2022, companies were determined to push in the face of complex and volatile internal and external challenges
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing, in the reform of the Channel Plus Products, is constantly promoting the development of high-quality and more balanced channels, while at the same time promoting the development of a more balanced channel.
(a) To meet the changing needs of clients for savings, old-age pension and security through the introduction of a series of “product-plus services” that build differentiated advantages. Taking into account: 1) the manpower side, adheres to the reform of the agent channel, adheres to the “three-high” workforce, strengthens the diamond and newcomers workforce, and the agent reform is beginning to bear fruit;
2) At the end of the product: the continuous innovation and upgrading of the product system around the diversified insurance needs of clients, and the enrichment of the guaranteed and savings-based product system.
Through the three core services of “Insurance + Health Management”, “Insurance + High-end Pension”, “Insurance + Home-based Pension”
We expect further consolidation of the process, a downward trend in the size of the team, a decrease in the high base pressure in the second half of 2022, and a marginal improvement in the liabilities. The credit risk of investment home firms has been weakened, and future attention should be focused on the recovery of capital markets.
Current valuations reflect pessimistic expectations and recommend attention. Risk factors: promotive growth and quality upgrades below expectations; life insurance reforms below expectations; \triangleright
Figure 3: The number and speed of insurance agents, General Manager, General Manager of the Guanghai Rental Operations Department, was employed in China-China and China-China securities. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Agency in November 2019, responsible for non-banking financial research.
Zhang Kaichen, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, four-year experience in the actuarials industry, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 to carry out research in the non-banking financial sector. Part of this is irrelevant, not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.