On July 24th, 2022, the Swords pointed to the formation of a three-high team, with the first signs of transformation.
On July 23th, Peaceful Life held the 2022th meeting of the Quality + Talent Recruitment Program.
The secretary, the chairman of the board, Yang Ji, the director of team development, Zhou Weidong, and representatives of the team of excellence, extended a sincere invitation to the best. One billion pounds of investment was invested, and the sword was designed to build a three-high team.
At the income end, you can build an industry’s leading income system and benefits, with a training subsidy of up to 18 months, up to 60,000 yuan per month and a training allowance of up to 12 months and up to 20,000 yuan per month.
Monthly escort allowance, a one-time reward of up to $200,000 for high-performance recruits.
In personal development, companies offer personal sales and teams to develop two career paths. Marketing routes focus on personal growth and customer service. In 2021, the Life Sales elite provided clients with over 400 billion yuan in security, per person per month.
The team line is designed to create a professional insurance team manager, who currently manages more than 100 people and earns more than a million dollars a year, and a promotion development award of up to $1.6 million has been set up to encourage the rapid and healthy advancement of newcomers.
After more than three years of life insurance transition, high-quality transitions are beginning to bear fruit. As of July 2022, the public sector had achieved 100 per cent or more of the post-secondary level and per capita income had risen significantly from 2021. percentage points.
A percentage point. The “Four Five Stars” evaluation system relies on a digital tool that focuses on the three dimensions of “good performance, good quality, good behaviour” and is based on the logic of “good behavior supports good quality, good quality drives good performance”, leading the team to “maintenance of quality improvement, better income, better income”.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Sword is a three-high team, and the transition is beginning to be effective. Age is similar, age is different: life insurance valuations touch bottom, asset-end beta contribution overhangs, opening door red Catalysing liability end alpha. We maintain the previous report, China Peace Perspectives Deep Update: Dawn
"Safe China" (601318): "Safe China at the dawn of peace, the beginning of change, the profit forecast for the year 2022-2024 is expected to be a deep update of the perspective: the dawn of light, the beginning of change."
Figure 2: The "Boo-plus" system for building industry-led income systems and benefits
Fig. 4: The "Yo+ Plan" builds a differentiated product and service system.