The company's assessment report  The insurance industry has increased the productivity of its agents, and the success of the life insurance reform has been shown to be safe in China (601318.sh).
Wuping Ping, operating profits are growing robustly. Cash shares raise the operating income of 202H1 by $61.12.102 billion, a 3.7 per cent decline in the same year, and net returns to mothers by $60.273 billion, a year-on-year ratio.
Growth of 3.91%. Higher profits from beneficial life and health insurance operations, higher operating profits from banking operations and a robust growth in operating profits from companies.
A significant increase of 70.2 per cent in operational deviations was affected by the growth in operating profits, the effectiveness of the company's cash-led life-risk reform, the productivity of the proxy workforce, the decline in manpower, the effects of recurrent epidemics, restructuring of products, fall in the number of agents, and the company's new operating prices.
The value rate is down and nbv is down. 2022h1, the first annual premium of Nbv 2022h1 for the company ' s life and health insurance operations is 76.13 billion yuan, which is less than the same amount.
The decline in product share has led to a decline in value ratios. 2022h1 companies achieved a new business value of 25.7 per cent, a 5.5 percentage point decline over the same period; among these, long-contribution guaranteed savings-mixed products have led to a sustained and high-quality transformation of the proxies, with higher capacity and steady growth.
The agent's per capita monthly income was $7957, an increase of 35.1 per cent over the previous year, the per capita net profit on new business, the decline in yield risk, the optimization of the combined cost rate of vehicle insurance, the impact of the combined cost rate and the decline in investment, and the firm's production risk performance.
The impact of the annual epidemic has been repeated, the risk rate for vehicle risks has declined, and the combined cost rate has improved significantly.