(a) The approval of the asset restructuring, which is expected to increase the size of the company's assets and its performance;
Circular by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board for approval to register the collection of ancillary funds and associated transactions, the issuing of shares and the payment of cash for the purchase of assets and the collection of funds
On May 16, the company received a copy from the China Censorship Commission of the agreement to issue shares in the purchase of China Electric International Electric Co. Ltd.
The main elements of the CSRC ' s approval document include (i) consent to the company ' s issuance of 679 million shares to China Electric Group Ltd. for the purchase of related assets, and (ii) consent to the company ' s issuance of shares.
The company is one of the largest publicly listed electricity producers in the country, operating in a variety of types of units in 12 provinces and cities.
With the completion of the restructuring, the company will achieve zero breakthroughs in the Jiangsu, Shanghai, Guangxi regions, and will increase the size and market share of Jiangsu, Shanghai, Guangdong, Guangxi regions, which are expected to be more significant.
5981.86 million kilowatts (kW) of the reorganised company, which together owns 16.6 million kW) of the Fire Power Plant. After restructuring, the company will have a holding capacity of 75,878.86 kW. This reorganization will help to raise the size of the company’s assets and its business performance.
Analysis data from the report on the sale of shares and the payment of cash for the purchase of assets and the collection of accompanying funds and associated transactions assume that the restructuring will help to raise the size and performance of the company ' s assets, assuming 31 December 2024 as the base date.
Investment proposals: maintain a “buy-in” rating for companies. The company is one of the largest listed power companies in the country, and this restructuring will help to raise the size of the company's assets and performance, followed by a nine-fold, nine-fold and eight-fold rating of the company's “buy-in” rating.
Research reports, “positive” investors are only suitable to use a study with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors are suitable to use all categories of our Division who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, and are known independently and objectively.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.