Non-financial companies: Performance is largely in line with expectations of second-quarter coal elasticity Investment rating: buy-in (maintain)
\triangleright net profit from mother 1.93 billion yuan, an increase of 3.66 per cent in the same year; net profit from deductions from mother ' s share of $1.896 billion, an increase of 17.01 per cent in the same year, Liu Xiaoning
Performance growth has benefited from a fall in coal prices, with a one-time gain on the disposal of assets in the last year. The fall in the company’s revenue in the first quarter was mainly due to a fall in electricity prices, which, according to the announcement, fell by 48 billion kilowatts in the first quarter of 2025.
+10%, +9%, and the decline in coal power is mainly due to the decline in the number of hours of coal power use at the industry level and the fact that companies do not have any new installed machines. It is worth noting that the average monthly Internet access cost of companies is RMB 505.71/MWh, a decline of 0.71%, about RMB 3.6/MWh, or the performance of major chain-level electricity capacity increases and the market power of fire power in the spot.
The company's profit growth during the quarter was more costly than income, and according to the announcement, the company was operating during the quarter with a 16% drop in total cost compared to the year, mainly lower coal prices, according to Wind, one quarter below spot coal on the island of Qin (5,500 kilocalories).
The net cash flow of the company in the first quarter of 2025 was historically high. The net return on investment was $1,183 million in the first quarter, an increase of $35 million over the same period last year, taking into account the fact that the company ' s share gain was mainly coal mine and new energy sources.
The increase in investment earnings is mainly due to the growth in new energy performance. Corporate financial costs have continued to fall, at $705 million per quarter, a 143 million drop in the same year. It is worth noting that the net operating cash flow of companies in the first quarter of the year was $9,065 million, an increase of $4.7 billion over the same period in the previous year, an increase of 107% from the same period, which has been the highest since the market.
In view of the fall in coal prices in March and April and the low operational impact of the banks, it is expected that the company’s second quarter coal-entry price ratio will be down and the price difference in the ignition is expected to be wide. During the rapid fall in coal prices, attention will be paid to the stability of electricity prices, taking into account the location of the company’s fleet, with a focus on the Shandong and Lake North competition.
The value of investment in coal power depends more on the difference in time and space between the two markets for coal and electricity in the context of increasing electricity marketization, with a concentration on a year-to-year signing by the Association of Consumer Prices, with coal prices on the market to a greater extent; prices are more affected by regional patterns, while coal prices are affected by national supply and demand.
The higher share of land, the higher exposure to new energy sources and external power shocks, makes the number of hours spent and the stability of electricity prices more sensitive to the local demand for electricity, and recommends that close attention be paid to the demand for electricity in the two provinces.
My personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers are not present, do not relate to, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to, specific investment opinions or opinions in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, and in an independent and objective manner.