On April 25, 2025, the company experienced a fall in electricity prices and a decrease in the coal trade.
In 2024, the company spent about 70.567 billion yuan on coal power in the port of Qin, a decrease of about 6.49 per cent in the same year. Overall, it benefited from factors such as a decline in the price of coal in the same year, a decrease in the company’s fuel cost, and a net return on the company’s home in 2024.
The company plans to purchase 80% of the shares of Jiangsu, a controlling shareholder in China, by issuing a share and paying cash.
Swe holds 51% of Shanghai Fu, 100% of Shanghai China Bank, 55% of Guangzhou University City, 55% of Fu Xin Guangzhou, 70% of Fuku Xin Jiangmen, 100% of Fu Xin Qing, and 100% of Qi Hong Kong Company, China China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
It's going to inject conventional energy assets, which will increase the size of the company's stock-loading machines, which will be beneficial in increasing the company's market competitiveness in the electricity sector. The company's fire engine is working well. More than 90% of the company's fire-power generator unit is 300 megawatts.
The number of high-capacity, efficient, environmentally friendly units, of which 600 megawatts (MW) or more are installed is about 51%, well above the national average. The company's 102 coal-fired units have all met their very low emission requirements. All 300 MW or less have been modified for heating.
Good capability. The company’s fire engine is a good team, with low unit energy consumption, sustained high competitiveness in energy-efficient power-generation schedules, and consistently maintained a leading position in the industry.
Research reports, “positive” investors are only suitable to use a study with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors are suitable to use all categories of our Division who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, and are known independently and objectively.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.