3-Hu-Yun (000999.sz) Medical Group short-term pressure on performance and continued expansion of product pipelines
In a single quarter, the 2q25 company achieved income of $7.96 billion, i.e. +17 per cent; net profit for the mother.
The downside of the same ratio is likely to be similar to 2. “Hao Yun San: Business plates are growing steadily, expecting mergers and acquisitions The first half of the year was marked by a similar decline in the incidence of respiratory diseases, such as influenza, and a gradual adjustment of retail channels
3. China-Yun-Thirty-Nin Company Review: Increasing Branding, Mergers and Acquisitions
The market opportunities offered by 2024.10.27 have steadily increased the market share of company formulations of granules and beverages, the expansion of innovative maps and the continued enrichment of product pipelines.
In-country clinical trials for two adaptive treatments of urinary diseases are well under way, with a view to deepening the layout of the corporate metabolic system.
The commercial system has been upgraded to facilitate the integration of Quan Pharmacy and Tianxili. The company's “39 trades” system has been upgraded to version 2.0, extending from distributors to more retail terminals.
In the first half of the year, the group’s depth channels changed, and the effects of the second half of the year are increasingly visible, with the promise of a better ring than in the second half of the year. As a result, the “100-day integration” effort, with prescription drugs as its core business, is gradually becoming clear, and corporate innovation is being strengthened.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating, taking into account the short-term pressure of the company ' s in-house business, and the fact that Quan Pharmacy and Tianxil are still in the integration cycle, competition in the market increases risks; M & As are less integrated than expected; and medically guaranteed medicines are price-bound risks;
Risk of change in the value of cards; risk of price fluctuations in raw materials; risk of impairment of goodwill.