The inner roots, the external extension of a high-quality engine of development, facing a high 2024q1 base, performance pressure, continued progress, compounding the effects of macro-factors, such as increased global political and economic instability, drugs in the end market.
In addition to the overall slowdown in the retail market, the company’s profits have been pressured by the high performance of the 2024q1 influenza pandemic.
In the company ' s chc health consumer business, the approval and official release of the first Chinese drug, class 3.2, of the first Chinese drug, 999 gas-free lung particles, marked the ecologicalization of the entire picture of the Chinese-Yun-39 respiratory group, and the construction of product pipelines with competitive barriers.
In prescription medicine, companies maintain firmness, strengthen medical leadership, continuously improve the academic value of their products and their competitiveness, and maintain a steady and dynamic quality and resilience. In the pharmaceutical industry, companies work together.
Through proactive change, accommodation, sound development, and the creation of a strong future for sustained market expansion, sustained integration of industry resources, enabling the acquisition of staircases, companies are actively promoting the integration of high-quality resources in the industry around strategic areas and the rapid improvement of their operations.
Highest/lowest price layout within 52 weeks to foster new business growth points and expand long-term sustainable development space. Quan Pharmacy Group has pursued silver hair opportunities and continued to deepen its integration with companies and foster transformation.
In the field of kinetic energy; in the field of refined medicines in the country, there is a strategic monolithic product around the brand development strategy of “Kun-China Pharmacy 1381”, which focuses on the strategic monolithic products such as chemistine, spleen, sulphate, etc., through the `global media matrix plus
The two-engine-driven model of precision-situation marketing, which strengthens the branding of “good country drug leaders”; the area of slow-disease management, which continues to focus on the tri-seven whole-sector chain, further enhances retail access by enriching the content and product layout of the “777” brand.
2025q1 completes the acquisition of 28% of Tianxian power, and Tianxiang becomes a holding subsidiary of Hua Yuu Yu. The company will work with Tianxiang to empower each other in areas such as innovation research and development, smart manufacturing, marketing of channels, and to enhance the core competitiveness of the entire industry chain.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.