The smooth and smooth delivery of hardware and equipment, the 5g switch to boost step growth Events: the company issued a fast report on its performance and expected to achieve business income of $26,632 million in 2019.
External environmental disturbance does not change the growth trend. In 2019, the company managed to achieve a common increase in operating income and performance when the overall volume of downstream smartphones slipped. This was the result of positive corporate optimization in many areas, such as product applications, product types, and channel resources.
In addition, due to a combination of factors such as asset management and business efficiency, the company shut down the shop and transferred equipment and inventory to Qin and Qin.
The $211 million in asset impairment due to the closure of the Crown Island plant area, while having an impact on the company ' s performance in 2019, takes into account the fact that macros are far from the total equity/flow (million shares) of the e-industry cluster.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
A client will roll out iphonee2 at a very high value price in 2020q1. The market is optimistic about its sales.
Improvements in the household readiness strategy have helped to smooth the transition of suppliers up and down the second half of the year, which, in the case of Penang, will be effective in raising the overall crop rate in the first half of the first half of the season, thereby reducing the average cost throughout the year.
The difference between gross and net interest rates (a difference of 5-10 pct.) and the new customer’s reserve strategy has been very helpful in balancing and boosting the company’s overall profitability. Many investors are more concerned about the impact of the epidemic in the past quarter, and we believe that it is not necessary to interpret it in a transitional way.
For Andre's supply chain, a customer's supply chain is more flexible and flexible. Pure endogenous growth expands the product category, with fpc and slp in a 5g mobile phone. The company is a small part of the global consumer electronics chain that expands the product category through pure endogenous growth.
Firms, fpc and slp both stabilize the supply of downstream customers and, with the arrival of 5g, the use and density of fpc and slp inside smartphones will increase further. The fpc single machine use and value will continue as new additional features are imported and the high frequency connection specifications are upgraded.
Slp, for its part, is expected to penetrate domestic core brands like hovm, which will continue to lead the industry in many ways, such as process levels, good production lines, and customer reserves. The new energy car is expected to become the next blue sea market for fpc.
In the case of litres, the number of functional modules, the number of chips and electronic components in cars, and the increasing complexity of connections between different functional modules within vehicles, excessive use of wire beams to connect can make it more difficult to avoid problems of entanglement between different beams.
Due to the necessary insecurity, the need for a well-structured and tightly structured car fpc is expected to surface in large numbers. At present, the dove has reached its supply to t clients through the vehicle module plant, and it is believed that the vehicle fpc will be a brand-new blue sea market where companies demonstrate their strength and enhance their elastic performance.
In the current trend, fpc and slp continue to grow in single machine value and use on mobile phones, while the demonstration effect of important international customers will double the company’s ability to develop front-line brand manufacturers in the country.
Progress towards slower domestic brands, driven by increased demand for intra-cellular integration, has also begun to introduce slp, the company's card position is expected to lead to further performance, and (2) imports of slp by front-line domestic branders are expected to be less advanced than expected: (3) the company's ipo project
Profit projections and financial indicators: smooth delivery smooth and smooth variations, 5g switch to boost-level growth
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.