The start of the new machine readiness cycle, with a quarter-long increase in the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) incident: the company combined operating income of $2.48 billion in December 2019, a 17.4 per cent increase in the same year and a decline in the ring.
17.4% growth in December on a year-on-year basis, and 6.2% negative growth in q4 as a result of the new machine release cycle, apple orders peaked in October. iPhone 11 is more than expected due to low price sales. There was still an increase in the same volume of orders, November-December. Company lines are stable and reliable, and the share of material numbers is rising steadily.
Apple terminals are often innovative and consumer electronics are growing faster. Apple phones enter stock replacement cycles and can wear equipment into the outbreak phase. Airpods are growing strongly, and tws headphone penetration has much room for improvement.
A steady increase in the value of earpieces; good growth of the applewatch, the lcp antenna and the slp master board, which contributed to an uplifting of the rest of the company’s income, continued to increase its headphone watch, and a marked improvement in the Māori structure. .Se2 was released, and the new aircraft stocking is expected to improve the off-season situation. Applese2 mobile phone is expected to be launched in March.
According to the industry chain experience, q1 will be a good season for new aircraft, and past q1 will be a light season, taking into account the strong growth of new machines and earphones, and q1 is expected to grow faster than before in 2020. We are optimistic about sales of seg2.
The use of larger slp boards will drive a continuous upswing in singlesasp. The 5g mobile phone innovation is expected to speed up the process of machine renewal, and companies are expected to rise at full cost at the end of the cellular phone.
The ipo fund-raising project, in addition to continuing construction, will invest RMB 833 million in two campuses in Shenzhen and the island of Qin and will invest in the construction of flexible production lines, which are expected to expand by 15,000 m2/month; and RMB 958 million in the construction of ultra thin line production lines in Huai An Park, which are expected to add extra thin line capacity.
About 20 million square metres per month, mainly for mini-led backboards. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
Risks due to lack of seasons (2019-12-09); risk of new technologies not advancing as expected; risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
4. Pentium Holdings (002938); Apple Additional Orders, 4/4 Quarterly Fear of Discharge (2019-10-08) 6. Bond Holdings (002938): Overperformance, Management
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.