Newtime newtimesecritities show slightly higher performance than expected, keeping a good eye on long-term corporate development.
— Shortest market expectations for the performance of the Annual Stock Exchange Review Report, keeping in view the long-term growth of the company and maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating of one year's lowest/highest (in yuan):
The company released its 2019 fast-track performance report: 26,632 million yuan (+3.01%) in operating income for the entire year of 2019, with a net return of 2,920 million yuan (+5.36%) and slightly over-expected performance. We believe that the company, as a global pcb leader, will benefit from an increase in the price of the 5g switch in the short term, in the long run.
The company’s slp, lcp antenna and car pcb board layouts are consistent with industry trends and are expected to continue to grow robustly with excellent management and technological strength. Given the increase in productivity in the first half of the year, the impact of self-motivation on the increase in the Māori rate, and the advent of the 5g switch, we are pushing the company forward.
• Optimization of product structure, increased automation and promotion of Māori performance in a single quarter at an all-time high The company achieved operating income of $9.295 billion (+8.25 per cent) in a single quarter, q4 1 month asset impairment readiness (in order to optimize resource allocation, the company shut down the shop), real net q4
The profits, estimated at 1.4 billion, were historically high in the first quarter, largely as a result of optimizing the product structure of the company, further improving its Māori ratio and improving its efficiency through technological innovation, automation, etc. Looking ahead to 2020, taking into account production in the first half of the year (the first half of the year was more productive than in previous years).
With better performance, improved product structure, and continuous changes to automation in companies, it is expected that the Māori rate will be further improved by 2020, leading to higher corporate profitability.
The 5g mobile phone switch is about to come, and 5g has higher demands on pcb accuracy, density, and reliability. Reducing volume and improving performance are the necessary directions for industry development.
(a) A significant card position for the few global manufacturers that can produce fpc, hdi and slp simultaneously;
The technology upgrade dividend 2019-08-15 rises. We believe that the firm’s clients, technology, product cards have a clear advantage in icp antennas, slp, etc., adding to the larger trend of car intelligence, and that there is much scope for companies to develop in the long term.