The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) incident: the company combined operating income of $1.51 billion in January 2020, a decline of 9 per cent compared to the previous year, and a decline of 38.9 per cent relative to the ring.
In January, the harvest fell by 9.0% over the same period, and the spring season did not change the trend earlier. It was influenced by the advance of the agricultural spring season until January.
Apple leads the way to innovation, and consumer electronics is growing faster. Apple phones go into stock replacement cycles, so they can wear equipment into the outbreak. Airpods are still growing strongly, and tws headphone penetration is still high.
Uplifting space, with a steady increase in the value of earpieces; applewatch is expected to become the next elastic charge, the lcp antenna and slp mainboard boost the value of the watchpcb single machine, the company ' s median headphone watch is higher than the constant increase, and the Maori structure is improving significantly.
The release of Que2 is expected to improve the off-season situation. The Applese2 mobile phone is expected to be launched in March.
The second half of the year, the release of 5g mobile phones, the application of the lcp transmission line, and the larger use of the slp homeboard will drive up single-lineasp. The 5g mobile phone innovation is expected to accelerate the process of machine renewal, and the company is expected to rise at full cost at the end of the cell phone.
The company recently announced its highest capital expenditure in 2020. In addition to continuing construction of the ipo fund-raising project, the RMB 833 million will be invested in two campuses in Shenzhen, Qin and Qin Island to build a multi-storey soft-board production line, which is expected to expand by 15,000 square metres per month: investment
RMB 958 million to build ultra thin line line production lines in the Huai An Park area, with some 20 million m2 per month expected to add ultra thin line board capacity, mainly for Mini-led backboards.

4. Pond Holdings (002938): performance against expectations, IV.5. Pond Holdings (002938); Apple Additional Orders, IV.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.