In the evening of 27 February, the company released its 2019 fast-track performance report. The company achieved business income in 2019. The main business grew robustly and key performance indicators met expectations.
The corresponding q4 yield was $9.295 billion, an 8.25 per cent increase; the company announced in December that it would set aside $211 million for the full-time corporate plan to reduce the margin and realize a net return of $2.920 billion throughout the year after the impairment, an increase of 5.36 per cent over the previous year, with key performance indicators in line with our expectations.
The closing-door plant, with associated impairments, has had some impact on profit performance in 2019, but in the long term it is expected to have a limited impact in the medium to long term in favour of improving the efficiency and operational efficiency of the corporate asset management as a whole.
Automation has been very effective and profitable. Companies have been moving towards self-motivation since 2018, reducing the number of front-line employees to improve productivity. During the reporting period, companies have increased their product Māori rates by moving forward to optimize product structures, maintain technological innovation and improve automation levels.
The company’s net interest rate on sales was 10.96% in 2019, an increase of 0.24pt over the previous year. If the subsidiary’s impairment loss is not taken into account, the net interest rate on sales is about 11.76% for the year, compared to Apple’s lead mobile phone upgrade, and the company’s performance in 2020 is sustainable. The market is expected to be apples in 2020.
In the course of the year, the release of a large number of 5g new items is expected to lead to a new wave of smartphones, radio frequency antennas/optic upgrades, the need to upgrade the mobile phone fpc, and the continued use of the wearable equipment such as airpods and applewatch, fpc is expected to usher in a new high-speed growth cycle.
Productive capacity remains a leader in the industry, with a significant share of a client, and the future share is expected to continue to rise in the event that other fpc manufacturers do not have a significant expansion. Therefore, we believe that the company will benefit fully from the opportunity offered by the release of new products from large clients in 2020 and is expected to have a higher performance.
Profit forecasting and investment advice. The company is the lead in the global print circuit board industry, which will benefit fully from the increased volume and product numbers of new products from large-scale households, and the reduced efficiency gains from the continuous build-up of automated production lines.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.