The new crown epidemic has led to short-term pressure on performance and has not changed the long-term growth logic — the year 2019 performance of the Dotted Stock Exchange Review is in line with expectations, and the new crown epidemic has not changed the long-term growth logic.
The company released its 2019 financial statement: 26.615 billion yuan (+2.94%) in operating income for the entire year of 2019, which is equivalent to a net profit of 2.925 billion yuan (+5.54%) for the mother, which is what we expect. We believe that the company, as the first major supplier of a customer pcb, is in the short term or affected more by the epidemic, but in the long run, the company is in the process of becoming a major contributor to the epidemic.
The slp, lcp antenna, and car pcbboard layout are consistent with long-term industrial trends and are expected to grow robustly on the basis of good managerial and technological power. Given the impact of the new crown epidemic (the cost of the epidemic and the pressure on the price of the products due to falling demand), we adjust our performance projections and anticipate the company.
• Financial data continue to be optimized, with a certain decline in the q1 battalion harvest affected by the epidemic and expected to improve gradually at a later stage. Hundreds of millions of yuan, a decrease of 2.54 per cent from the previous year, have benefited from the promotion of airpods and wearable products, and 6,704 million yuan from the consumption of electrical and computer panels, an increase of 23.59 per cent from the previous year.
Airborne shipments have had some negative effects, but Šipad and laptops are expected to grow at a better rate, so 38 days (4 days) are at the best level in a calendar year. Throughout the year, we think that despite a certain drop in the company q1 harvest affected by the epidemic, with the production of S2 and the arrival of new machines in the second half of 2020.
The new coronary disease does not change the long-term growth logic, keeping in view the vast scope of the company’s development. The new coronary epidemic will have some impact on mobile phone delivery in the short term, but it will not change the 5g switch.
Series, 5g mobile phones have higher requirements for pcb accuracy, density, and reliability, and reducing volume and improving performance is the inevitable direction for industry development. Corporate technology research and development is very strong, and there is a clear niche for customers, product cards, and it is expected that the unit price and share of the slp product of the company’s large client will continue to rise, slp.
In Andreend, the company will also continue to penetrate, and the company will benefit from depth; in the case of the lcp antenna, the company is expected to supply a product of lcp for large clients this year, and the lcp antenna will meet the 5g high-frequency high-speed transmission requirements and is expected to become the mainstream technology path for mobile antennas in the future. We believe that in the case of the company, the lcp antenna, slp
There is a clear technological advantage, adding to the larger trend of car intelligence, and there is wide scope for long-term development in the future. As a result, overall sales of mobile phones have fallen short of expectations.
"O3 short-term performance pressure, looking forward to the year 2020 " , 2019-10-31. " Global pcb taps, tied to large customer sharing.
Technology Upgrading Dividends 2019-08-15