The impact on the medium- and long-term of the impairment is limited, and the year-round performance prospects are good 19 years of profit is affected by the impairment of the assets of the subsidiary, but the impact on the medium- and long-term performance of the company is limited.
Wei Hongmei's announcement of 28th of the 28th of the 28th of the month stated that he/she would conduct a impairment test on the assets of the fully-owned subsidiary, the Grand Masters (Bank Mills), to prepare $211 million for the impairment and transfer of equipment and inventory to Huaan and the Royal Qin Island Factory.
Use. Because of the fact that the elite is far away from the e-industry cluster, it does not have access to efficient and low-cost industrial packages, makes it difficult to provide high-quality products and services to its clients, shuts down the subsidiary ' s production and economic activities, and in the long run helps the company to further optimize its resource allocation and improve its overall capital.
Thus, the impairment of assets is expected to have an impact on the company’s profits for 19 years (which was about $200 million less) but has a limited negative impact on its medium- and long-term performance. The company’s business began to grow in 2020, when a large number of new clients were sold.
The expected impact is a strong build-up of airpods, watch, etc., and the company’s operating income has remained robust since the beginning of the year. The market is expected to be a year of innovation for North Americana clients in 2020, with cheap iphones for the first half of the year, which will help to balance low-season capacity with the release of the 5g version of iphone for the second half of the year.
With high-end market demand driven, services such as airpods, watch, etc. will continue to grow at a high rate, and the business of the public sector is expected to rise to the opportunity to develop at a very high price. Class-loading rates & profitability will remain a leader in the business, benefiting Japanese producers will withdraw.
By comparison, the Slp main board, which carries the same number of electronic components, has reduced the thickness by about 30% and the area by about 50%, and is able to free more space for smartphones, increasing the number of hardware or battery capacity, well-suited to the trend towards thinning and multifunctionality. From a technical point of view, the Slp production process is more refined for production.
Capacity requirements are high, there are high technical barriers, companies are leading in the cost structure, investment efficiency, and productive capacity retention industries, and their share in a client is rising rapidly. The beneficial solar-supp is expected to continue to increase in the company’s share of a customer’s share.
Automation has had a significant effect, with a significant reduction in profits. The company has been moving gradually since 2018, reducing the number of front-line employees to improve profitability and achieve better results. The number of company employees has fallen from 37.7 million in 2017 to about 35.5 million in 2018, with direct labour as a percentage of operating income.
The long-term impact is limited. The company, as the global pcb leader, will fully benefit from the release and production of new products from large clients.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.