El ophthalmology (300015): short-term slowdown in performance, good overall development short-term slowdown in pharmaceutical biology performance, overall compliance with expectations. Company camp achieved in the first three quarters of 2021
Mother-to-child net profit is 888 million yuan, an increase of 2.05 per cent over the previous year. The epidemic has affected the current trend of rising seasons, affecting the growth rate of q3 seasons; and, in the third quarter, there have been repeated outbreaks in some parts of the country, with some negative effects on the number of hospital visits.
Overall, the company is operating well, maintaining good growth, and the Māori rate continues to rise. During the reporting period, the company ' s Māori ratio reached 52.31%, up 4.66 pp from 47.65% in the same period last year.
Self-pricing, Māori rates are relatively high, and two operations are expected to maintain a rapid growth trend that will boost the company’s overall Māori rate. In terms of cost, sales during the reporting period have continued at a pace of expansion. In October this year, the company issued an announcement to complete the acquisition of the saddle mountain.
A total of 55% of El, 51% of the last state, 51% of the Xiaoyang Yil, 73% of the gallery, and 80% of the island. The pace of company expansion is continuing, and the power of chain expansion in the ophthalmology field is gradually emerging.
In addition, companies continue to promote production and research, increasing the number of people in the field of ophthalmology, in order to nurture and channel them in order to provide a solid basis for the future development of their industries. The domestic market is well maintained, and the overseas regions, such as the European market, are growing rapidly.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for the customers of Chinese securities. The company will not receive this report but will not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the information. We have tried to make it objective and fair, but it does.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.