On October 25, 2021, the company issued a three-monthly report. In the first three quarters, the company realized business income.
A total of 15,596 million yuan, an increase of 35.38 per cent in the same year; a net profit of 2,003 million yuan in the same year; a mature development model for companies with “stratification chains, tactical upgrading, talent development, branding”, in 1. Quality development phase, further development of profitability
The company continues to increase the breadth, depth, and density of the national health network, moving forward with the construction of regional ophthalmological centres at the world and national levels, and continuing to improve vertically hierarchical companies within the provinces.
A system of lock-in networks, accompanied by accelerated construction of a horizontal peer-to-city network of clinics (clinics) and eye-to-eye clinics in the capital city of the province, resulting in “horizontal and vertical formations” in several provinces.
The structure of the network is expected to increase the efficiency of resource allocation and sharing in the region. Heart-Elmephthalm Review, 2021.4.9 Business structures continue to be optimized and profitability gradually improves.
4. Launch of the Quantified Growth Plan, which created seven regional ophthalmology 4%, and a 58% Māori q3 ratio, mainly as a result of corporate retrenchment, improved visualization, and optimized business structure. Sales costs for the first three quarters were 9.6%, an increase of 0.95% over the same period, mainly due to last year ' s epidemic.
It is expected to become a new growth point, with the gradual expansion of the margins of operations, with old-fashioned cataract clinics and dry eye clinics. The Department is taking advantage of corporate disciplines, technology, experts, and cross-country linkages, creating old-fashioned cataracts clinics, promoting precision treatment, and the demand for them themselves, and is expected to become a new growth point in the future;
The Department has set up new specialist eye clinics, which are new demands from changing social patterns, more companies, hospitals, which are already running dry eye clinics, keeping pace with changes in the industry and meeting the full range of patients' needs. Given the continuous improvement of the company's hierarchical chain system, the proportion of draught and high-visibility Māori projects has increased.
Increasing corporate profitability, which we maintain with the previous profit forecast, is expected to be a net benefit to the mother in 2021-2023, the risk of medical accidents; the recurrent impact of the epidemic on operations; and the inability of new hospitals to integrate as much as expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment