Research assistant Yang Wai-Bing, 23rd of 2022.
October: On the 30th anniversary of the second round, the Great Wall’s Cars are facing a century of change. A multi-brand strategy based on Hover, based on product innovation, was launched.
(a) The dimensions of organizational change: the 3.0 version of the organizational structure of the strong backstage, the medium stage, the small front desk, the introduction of equity incentives and a shift in the mindset of employees from “workers” to “officers”.
Cable-defined dimensions: Continue to exploit the advantages of the innovation of the class, clear positioning of the cannons (China Pika First), the tank (all over the world First), the Ora (the world's favorite woman) and the Sharon, repositioning Wei, zero anxiety + intelligence, and continuous expansion of the product class; the Huff focus suv market continues to be optimized.
3) Technology R & D dimensions: Modularized production + total power + lemon dht/ battery + smart driving soft algorithms are moving forward in four major technological areas. Lemon mix dht is the current core, beehive energy (cell technology breakthrough & yield landing) + millapple intellectuals (taking full advantage of data size, height)
Capacity enhancement is imminent. 4) Supply chain dimensions: remain autonomous, maintain control cores, perfect all the cores of vehicle production for the seven major subsidiaries; and develop third-party partners as an important complement. 5) Marketing channel dimensions: innovative ip empowerment in automobiles
Marketing patterns, direct links to users under c2b, are inevitable, and channel changes are firmly implemented. 6 brand new cars are launched, product cycles are still strong: on the basis of Haf/Pika, Oira/Tank is building on initial success, Wei/Sharon is breaking through, and the Wall is 2022–2023.
The annual product cycle is still strong. 1) Hafer constantly optimizes the product matrix upwards. 2) Tank is positioning the cross-country market for 300/500, fast-tracking 700, price breaks up, year-round lightning cat/barrel/ punk cat rolls out, brands are moving up and strengthened. 4) Wei focuses on zero.
The Great Wall Cars (601633): March Wholesale Disciplinary Smart Cars, which continue to produce multiple energy forms/types of vehicles, multi-dimensional upswings compared to +42.57%, Eura & overseas performances.
(v) Sharon's positioning of a pure electric armor technology brand, which is expected to be on the market in 2022, with a different and innovative approach to a luxury electric market of 400,000 dollars or more, will continue to enrich the product matrix and try to gain a seat in the luxury electric market.
The Great Wall Cars (601633): 2021 Report: Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Determined Self-Repairing, Keeping the Wall's Car brand Up!
We believe that the Great Wall should enjoy a higher valuation and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
1. I quote: Rainbows will be seen after the storm. Centuries of car transformations are not just the subversion of products and technology, but the birth of a new way of managing the organization, but also the creation of new ones.
The successful car surge is not a smooth one, but it is often a test of an organization’s resilience to the storm. The market’s perception of the Great Wall has changed from 2020 to the present. We are also gradually deepening our understanding of the value of the Wall’s investment, based on our self-introspection of the whole business analysis framework. Unlike the depth reports of the past five Great Wall cars (March 2020).
Since then, our core purpose in this in-depth report has been: to validate the in-house refining capabilities of the Great Wall ' s vehicles from the five dimensions of organizational change+product definition+technology development+supply chain management+channel marketing. The detailed analysis of specific models is less detailed (specific reference to historical depth reports).
Unlike the market view, we believe that the 100-year-old changes in the pattern of cars are more difficult to predict than any individual's perception. Responses are far more important than predictions.
We think that we can have more patience and confidence. The new international environment has brought new challenges to the global car industry chain, and the Great Wall will have to rise to the point where it's hard to learn what's inside, brands will be the only way out, and rainbows will be seen after the storm.
Recycle 2020-2021: Started in a new car cycle, trapped in chip constraints June 2020 - October 2021: On the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the two rounds, the Great Wall was facing 100 years of change: a multi-brand strategy based on a product-based innovation breakout. Global chip shortages continued in 2021.
+ Prices of raw materials continue to rise, creating a new challenge to the strategy. Rates + ownership of autonomous branding have risen rapidly, and the Wall’s own new car cycle continues.
In the face of new supply chain challenges, the Great Wall ' s multi-brand innovation breakthrough strategy, centred on product-based innovation, faces new challenges. Sub-branding to retrace the Wall ' s monthly sales over the last two years: first, steady: 1) Hover: 3rd generation of H6 successful, good sales, h6-state tidal version controversial. 2) Pika brand: stable market position.
Solid, complementarities between the windmill + cannon series and steady monthly sales. 3) Tank brand: Tank 300 is a star car, tank 500 is competitive, but market delivery is clearly constrained by chips. 4) Ora brand: Global women's favorite brand is well positioned and cat series are highly competitive, but continued chip scarcity also affects the delivery of new cars.
Category II, to be validated: 5) Wei brands: Moca-Machido-Nattar series turnover is average, overall variations in new products are limited in competitiveness and are influenced by chip constraints. 6) Sharon brands: A machine armor series is clearly located and new vehicle delivery is yet to be validated. In summary, robust brand sales are influenced by supply chain issues, while certification brand breakthroughs prove themselves.
Figure 3: Summary of brand sales of the Great Wall cars from 2020 to 2022: A strong push for “a little progress every day”, long-term competitiveness remains strong 3.1. The dimensions of organizational change: adherence to self-revolution
The organizational change dimension: The 3.0 version of the organizational structure of the strong backstage - the big medium - the small front desk is still firmly in motion, with a shift from “working” to “officer”.
Since its inception, three major organizational changes have taken place, with a determined self-revolution to create a resilient life structure. Phase I: An era of personal heroism. The Great Wall has been dominated by its Chairman, General Wei. The Great Wall has been running its suv (Seffer) to cars (wings, elves, pride and miraculous), with multi-priced vehicle coverage, while the Wall’s pickups have been able to sell the country’s pickup market.
The army, where sales ranged from 0 to 150,000. Second phase: the era of elite leadership. Teams formed an elite leadership team with Wei Jianjun at its core, divided the different branding lines under the Great Wall, using militarized management and focusing on suv products.
A further refinement of the product matrix of the suv. Phase III: The Captain's Culture Age. The Great Wall was restructured in 2020 to create an organizational structure for technology enterprises: a 3.0 version of the structure of a strong back-office, a big medium, a small front-office with the idea of a “one-car, one-size-fits-all company”, with precise user needs, and precise-facile links to users.
In the long-term direction of the development of the Great Wall leaders' cultural core structure, which seeks to move from auto-manufacturing to “globalized technology travel services” and to organize the structure from the pyramids of the past to the Internet architecture. The core is reflected in the formation of four major sectors: the creation of a product industry.
The Great Wall has created a global 3.0 version of its organizational structure, creating a diverse, strong and complementary top management team, breaking the hierarchy of grades, qualifications and opening up a large number of post-90 youth cadres.
3.1.2. Landing measures: Publicly listed companies & subsidiaries have an interest incentive that enhances the attractiveness of their talent Full implementation of equity incentives and executive and executive policies. Implementation of the "one size fits all" concept, launch of the "Mankind Plan" and the "Global Living Waters Plan" to bring in more than 10,000 people of all kinds worldwide.
Increased intra-staff mobility, increased numbers of highly qualified staff fighting, overseas, priority operations, total activation of staff, thousands of people, careful implementation of the shift from “working” to “partnerships” to “doing work” to “officer” and a commitment to bring together a group of time champions and career leaders with shared values.
Incentives, together with the 2020 equity incentive scheme, cover 50% of the core workforce. At the corporate level, mini-intellectuals/sleeves/sleeves/nobo cars, among others, make changes in incentives at their respective levels.
3.2. Product definition dimensions: Adherence to product innovation Product definition dimensions: Continuing to leverage the advantages of product innovation, clear positioning of gun-tank-Oula-Shallow user breakdowns, repositioning Wei, emphasising the "0 Anxiety-Intelligent" brand label, and continued deep-deeping "Hover Suv"
Positioning, product optimization. Disaggregated by different brands, Huff brands: China’s suv global leader; Pika brands: China’s first sales in 24 consecutive years: Wei’s zero anxiety smart motor vehicle: Tanks: Global cross-country first brand: Eura’s global favorite woman’s brand: Sharon’s brand: the first warm and warmst in the world.
A cool machine armor technology brand. 3.2.1. Hafer: China’s suv global leader Hafer brands sell eight car types: h6, f7, m8, h9, red rabbit, first love, big dog, god.
Positioning of the 50,000-200,000 yuan price range, with a compact home-based suv at its core, with a shift towards rejuvenation/studies of technology in the area of goods, and gradual diversification of mixed markets in the energy sector to ensure that the share of the autonomous brand suv continues to lead.
Picards are sold in four different types: Picards (including Multiply/Commercial/Rover), Vulture 5, Vulture 7, Gear Guns, etc., and are now formed at the core of wind/guns, maintaining a leading role in the market for pickups of less than $100,000 and between $100,000 and $200,000, and following the trend in the use of pickups.
Wei will further expand to mpv, etc., and in fuel type, Wei will mix/plug in fuel.
On the basis of or on the ground, it's moving towards a more electro-dynamic approach. The brand is on a 300,000-dollar scale, accelerating the high-end process of its own branding by using smart blending labels. 0 Anxiety smart electric power. Coffee smart: 1) 3-brain mix, creating a user-centred mobile smart space,
Know-data-hmi-experiment. 2) Core configuration: Full Solid Laser Radar, the first global launch of 8155 chips, leading the production class 5g+v2x vehicle-mounted wireless terminal, the first global round of 9dc-rate transformer/electromagnetic active hangars. Full new mix: lemon mix dht+48v light mix. Automation of the latest e20n2.0t engine, application of Miller loops.
The first one is a 9dc-wet dual-ion-transformation tank. Wei stands for a motorcar: a long-duration, low fuel consumption + high-intellectual.
Intelligent lead: smart pilot on line Noh high-speed pilot pilot: smart cabin large-size control instrument. Figure 13: Comparison of Wei mocha model 3.2.4. Tanks: first brand of global cross-country
Tanks are selling vehicle type 2: tanks 300, tanks 500, mostly high-valued, smart cross-country markets 200,000 to 250,000, and 300,000 to 400,000, respectively, with hot orders. With the target number one cross-country brand, tanks will be further expanded to their own product matrix, with 700/800 positioning more than $400,000 in the market, and it is expected that the brand will be further enhanced.
Global favorite women's brand: positioning the world's favorite women's brand, taking into account the need for vehicles for women's groups from multiple dimensions, such as appearance and interior style and spatial size, cabin details, differential positioning, and the fact that Eura sells cars with only Orah's good cats (black)
Cats/White Cats are suspended from taking orders. In 2022, Ora brands may also launch $200,000 to $250,000 lightningcats, punk cats and 150,000 to 200,000 inter-area ballet cats to further enrich the product matrix, while branding is elevated upwards. Figure 15: Eura brand product matrix (average sales per 10,000 units in 2020H2 to 20202)
SHARON: The world's first warm and cool machine armor technology brand.
In 2022-2025, new cars were launched every year, continuously launched, and branding was enhanced.) User images: homes, dreams, and light in the eyes.
These include the technologists, the Investment Finance Circle, and the Cultural Pioneers, which are the main players in one- or two-line cities, where men account for more than 70% of the total. Broad socialization and pan-circle expansion are carried out by keeping users in the core circle.
Technology R & D dimensions: Lemon mixed dht is at the heart of the moment, and the capacity of the beehive energy + millet intellectuals is being enhanced by eyelashes. The Wall strongly emphasizes the autonomous control of technology in the core areas. 3.3.1. The entire modularized production platform: lemon + tank two platforms
Lemon + tank platforms support rapid new vehicle-type R & D production. Lemon platform is positioned as a high-intelligent modular technology platform, with products that are lighter, high-performance, high-security, and representative of third-generation Haffah 6, Huff Dog, Orah Cat, etc.) super-extenssion and diversity dynamics are high.
Ability: Axes of 2.65-3m and development of a0,a,b,c,d-grade sedans/suv/mpv. 2) A total of high-efficiency fuel power: 41% conventional engine heat efficiency and 42% hybrid engine heat efficiency in 2022. A world-wide 10-better 7dct, with 96% transmission efficiency.
96.2%. 3) The first global wave of mixing dht. The tank platform is positioned as a global intelligent professional cross-country platform, representing branded tank products, headed by tanks 300 and 500. The tank platform product has two hangars + three power types + fuel/hev/phev +
The first paragraph in the country covers 9at transformers + high-extension modular design + three lock super-traverse capability +380kw power plus 750nm super-power cross-country capability.
Beehives are easy to create: deep-farming power, fuel + electricity. The Beehive Innovative Technologies Ltd. was established in June 2018 to cover power systems, new energy transmission systems, intelligent transition systems, and research and development centres in China (Shanghai/Painting/East India)/Austria/India.
Figure 20: Bees' nests are easy to create, autonomously controlled industrial capacity is guaranteed, production + R & D bases are fully configured. 1) Production dimensions, nest power is in place, Shanghai has R & D centres with a set-up, Xu Shui, Tianjin, Yang Cung, Taizhou, Chongqing, Uo, Taiqing, Taiqing, etc.
Production bases, in addition to the global multi-terrestrial distribution, “entering” Thailand, “lost son” Russia, have become an internationalized production bureau with an annual capacity of 2.3 million units. By 2025, engine capacity will have exceeded 1.95 million units and transformer capacity by 2 million units, electric power-driven capacity by 550,000 units and power cell capacity by 100gw.)
People, the country’s top technical staff, 189, and foreign experts, 58. With power systems, power systems, power-driven, power-driven systems, and transition systems, from parts to total, from conceptual design to the successful development experience of sop, and the use of platforms to develop ideas, there are excellent cost advantages to the product.
Complete a test site with a total land area of 2000m2. Electric power is always a box product with a variety of power-driven products. There are currently six types of company power-driven products; 135kw, a three-part integrated power bridge; 110kw, a combined power component; 45kw, a single power component; and the same axis.
With electric car bridges, planetary wheeled hoax power bridges, hybrid special transformer dht. In the pure electric field, cellular power drives have developed four products of 35kw~150kw, while 200kw products are being developed. These products can be used for a full series of cars in level a00~d.
The power drive is currently in its third generation: three-generation, high power density, high torque density. Planning for the future is moving towards the fourth generation of depth integration X-phase: third generation semiconductor sic, gan technology applications: mcu, obc, dcdc, electrical integration: power, decelerate, high-level integration, etc.
Figure 21: Development planning for e-inventive products by bees' nests. Intelligent shifts to areas where the nests are easily adapted to different levels of assistive driving needs, constantly optimizing their own products towards low-cost, high-redundant l3+/l4.
The traditional fuel power has been slated, and the hives have also been able to upgrade their own products over time. 1) Engines: The heat rate has been increasing. From the extraction of Mitsubishi technology to the self-researching three stages of self-research. Motivating fuel consumption, heat efficiency has been improving. 2) transformers: Integration/diversification. From 6mt/6at, progress has been made.
Progress to 7dct/8at, published in 2021 as 9dct/9at. Figure 23: Planning of cellular mobile engine products. Figure 24: Planning of cellular mobile transformer products
3.3.3. Energy type: Lemon dht technology leads in the hybrid area, and in the pure electric field the nest energy is expanding. (i) Lemon dht energy mix leads in the hybrid field. High-integral binocular coupling. Full-scale coverage is achieved. "Lemon mix dht" system's "Seven-in-one" dual-volting program with high-integration content, capable of
Enough to cover a wide range of working patterns, such as pure electricity, collusiveness, association, kinetic energy recovery, and to balance the economy and dynamics of fuel on a global scale. Multiple driving models respond to different working conditions. 1)ev mode, pure power drive experience; 2) serial link mode, suitable for urban scenes; 3) combined model, two-stage transformer boxes increase the direct speed range of the engine, in conjunction with the tm motor.
Motion; 4) Energy recovery mode, with brake/depressive scenes applied. Volcano boxes expand the engine to drive directly, and combined mode close to the i-mmd high-speed reaccelerated shortboard. The "Lemon dht" system adds a fixed axle two-switch box based on the i-mmd structure of Honda, making the engine drive more extensive in scope than i-mmd. And the hybrid drive mode starts.
Lemon dht first pushes the hev binocular program, which is economically and dynamically superior. Lemon dht mixes the system as the first-ever binocular hev program to be launched as an autonomous brand, with precise coverage of the target client, excellent performance, all-new.
The economic/dynamic performance test results of the two-power capping structure are better than those of the mainstream market mix. Two architectures + three power mixes meet the needs of diverse users. The hev technology programme carries smaller batteries around 1.7 kwh, while the phev technology programme carries larger batteries like 19.94/34/39.67kwh, which are available for different products.
110~200+km of super-long continuation, applicable to the user groups of different scenarios. The system is composed of three power sets of 140/240/320kw, which meet the configuration requirements of different levels of vehicle type. Figure 25: Lemon dht compared with market mainstream mix technology programmes
(ii) Pure electricity: with the beehive energy at its core, financing + technology + capacity + customer development. The Beehive Energy Technology Ltd., formerly the Great Wall Automotive Batteries Department, started in 2012 with a pre-research of cores, the Battery Department was set up in December 2016, and independent beehive energy in February 2018.
In 2024-2025, the beehive energy will be based in China, expanding the world, and the customers and producers will be able to open up to the world.
Technologies such as cellular energy cores/modules/cell packs and battery management are at the forefront of the industry. Three dollars & lithium phosphate, among others, are synchronized along mainstream technical routes. The beehive is dominated by three dollars, with a rapid breakthrough in lithium phosphate, with a 20% jump in February 2022. The power cell industry is still in place.
Integration: several major trends, such as high multipliers, long lifespans, high safety. 1) Humming Cobalt-free cell-adaptation technology Trends in low-cobaltization routes: 2) Jell-O cell/cell cell upgrades from different fields, such as electrochemical systems/cell heat management Safety coefficients: 3) Short-knife cells address energy density issues and increase battery capacity from the area of structural system upgrading.
Figure 27: Numerical technology programme for beehive energy-powered batteries Jell-O cells gel cells based on cobalt-free positive materials and electrolytic liquid materials.
Compared to 811 low cobalt cell products, the energy density of the beehive uncobalt cell with high conductivity, self-healing, flame retardation, etc., can be almost non-decomposition to 240wh/kg, the same as, or even slightly higher than, 811 batteries; safety versus safety
The thermal temperature is raised to 150°c, which corresponds to the lithium phosphate battery. The lower resistance value of the material, the higher power of the material, has a "self-healing" feature, and the laboratory samples are tested with a needle puncture.
Subconductivity, improvement of multiplier performance, reduction of intra-chip resistance, and increase in charge can achieve “no fire, no smoke, self-healing.” Power, longer battery life, increased battery safety.
The first car was carrying the Great Wall's Ora Cherry Cat, and Nedc continued on 470/600km short knife batteries.
The main design idea is to plug in and get the heat lost • to limit the length to take into account, on the one hand, the performance of the stacking process batteries and, on the other hand, the ability of the battery to use it.
A controlled gas stream can be diverted out of a battery bag according to design corridor safety, and this technology can address heat loss, scale manufacturing, and on the other hand, the "slash" is very strong.
Compatibility, supporting the switch to the 590 standard module to achieve new energy products at the top of the 2022 Great Wall Car flag.
Flexibility, highly standardized and flexible features. The cologne cologne will be the first of its kind on the big thong battery technology production/research and development global layout, target 600gwh in 2025.
+10 R & D Centers have been set up in different directions, including tin-free, Changzhou, Shanghai, Shenzhen, and overseas Korea, India. By the end of 2021, $5 billion has been invested, and 25 billion will be invested in the future. By the end of 2021, the Beehive Energy Research and Development Team had 2700 people, of whom basic research reached 1,800.
Monthly statistics, close to 300gwh; expected to be more than 50gwh in 2022. Target 600gwh, with an effective output of about 450gwh in 2025, consumes 340gwh by car, depending on about five large global clients. In addition, 37/40/37gwh in 2025, according to planned storage capacity/non-high-speed/business plates.
Since April 2020, as the Great Wall’s new energy sales and logistics mini-car orders, such as the United States Regiment, have been followed up by a rapid increase in the volume of cellular energy-powered batteries, with a cumulative delivery of 0.17gwhh in February the previous year, with a market share of 2% in January-February 2022, the country’s fifth largest.
After the Ningde era + Biadi + China + China + Lithium. In terms of orders, the company has received 25 sales points, including the Great Wall/Gili/East Wind and the New Power Zeros/Whats, and has entered into a 16-billion dollar global cooperation project with Stillantis (psa). The order is now close to 400gwh.
Intelligentity: At the core of “millite intellectuals”, intelligent technologies/functions are constantly evolving and accumulated over the years, based on bottom chip plus operating systems and front-end sensors, the Great Wall vehicle has a strong autonomous driving development capability, particularly in algorithms + chassis control + application layers (functional + human interaction).
MMI is the core of the Wall ' s auto algorithms. Since independence in 2019, it has been active in three major business sectors: autopilots, autopilots, and smart hardware: from lower to higher levels, from logistics, and from commercial to higher.
The six cars, machito/Nattar/Haver/tank 500 and so forth, move from one-two to one-three, with Mocha taking the lead, and the rest, with 122-plus-grade assistive driving.
Windmill strategy, with data intelligence at its core, is implemented in three major business blocks: a vehicle vehicle, end-of-end autopilot, and smart hardware: (i) a vehicle area that includes six products that have already been carried by the Great Wall vehicle: Mocha/tank 300/Machito/Nati/Hover/tank 500. A box of magic that travels within a mileage of 1 million kilometres. 2021q4 delivers noh intelligence.
In the next three years, there will be more than 1 million cars on board. 2022q2 will be released, using a new domain controller, with a single-plate capacity of 360t, or a combination of more than 1,000t. It is expected that by the end of 2022, the system will have landed in the Great Wall with 34 vehicles, 80% of the number of vehicles to be marketed, and will cover urban roads.
(ii) Smart hardware: equipped with a customized vehicle... i.e. capable of last-end logistics, mobile new retailing, intellectual security, etc.
In different contexts, alternative transport is provided to the service side, including the American Corps, which has no one to send a car, the Arida Moor, the small donkey, and the automatic follow-up to robots. (iii) End-of-end autopilot: partnerships with millet and beauty points, the product being called the Little Demon.
Little Disc, Multi-source Sensors, Self-Researching High-Arithmetic Calculators and Level 1-4 Unmanned Altitude algorithms, achieves figure 33: Mini-Technology and Windbus Strategy, Tic-Technology Data System - Snow Lake Mana Data Smart System: Focus on Quantities + Data Smart. Autopilot.
The ultimate competition is based on a "quantity plus data intelligence" car brain contest, and the Chinese auto-drive that wants to compete with Tesla first has to face a million-grade production threshold, the core of which is "lower costs, faster replacement speed." In December 2021, a mana data intelligence system was released at the end of the millet and a plan was announced to build a super-counting centre.)base includes data.
Acquisition, transmission, storage, calculation, and new data analysis and data services; 2) tars are some of the core algorithm prototypes of calculation used for perception, cognitive, car-end mapping and validation; 3) lucas are practices of algorithms in application scenarios, including high performance computing, diagnosis, validation, transformation, etc. core capabilities: 4)venus is dataable
The ability to visualize systems, including the implementation of software and algorithms, the restoration of scenes, and data insights.
With camera & radar as its main feature, static space three-dimensional data processing is integrated into the time series, followed by massive data overlays on coornercase. 2) Cognition: safe, comfortable and efficient, based on external scenes, driving habits, different classification functions, enhanced algorithms for automatic in-depth learning, and all external internalizations are mapped as drivers' behavior. 3)
As of April 2022, the mana system has been upgraded several times, with a doubling of cognitive capacity, cost and rate of evolution, with model training costs reduced by 60% and accelerated by more than 96%. In addition, the rate of automation of the tagai has reached 80%, significantly reducing the cost of labelling.
Loading of motorcades on the market, supporting level-I2+ capabilities such as hwa, full automatic follow-up and remote-controlled parking, and subsequent replacement of noh highway pilot-led driving functions to support high-speed segment de-legitimation; followed in March 2022, when Hpilot 2.0 was on the market with 500 tanks, increased mobility integration features, support
Wisdom cruises, auto-transformations, etc.. On April 19, 2022, MMI announced that MAD's own assistive drive, with users driving 7 million miles, and that China's first large-scale municipal assistive driver product, MMA, noh, or Hpilot 3.0, was released and will be officially listed in the near future, with full coverage of the city's different roads.
The hardware configuration of the & 360t arithmetic chip plus 2 laser radars + 12 cameras + 5 millimetre wave radars achieves a pass rate of more than 70 per cent by car, a success rate of more than 90 per cent by road, and a traffic flow processing capability of up to level 4. hpilot 3.5/4.0 are expected to be marketed in 2022h2/2023, further supporting the global pilot, hsd, etc.
Figure 35: Time point of landing and future planning of MDI autopilot products hpilot 4.0: roll-out of hsd in 2023
(haomoself-driving) to l3 + higher 2022h1 on the market, to support the city
Noh, online city road leads hpilot 2.0:202h2 further, Sumi.
The current high-speed/urban road panorama, with 500 tanks on board for the first time in March 2022, is more robust and
Joining the "Moor-Bob", with Huff/Weipe/Tan Hpilot 1.0: at the beginning of May 2021
For intelligent cruises, auto-transforms, gram/Ora brands to get in and pick up mocha and land.
Intelligent bends, smart hides, continues with machito, lattes, automatic emergency brakes of five bright spots.
Hafer beasts, tanks, 300 city editions, etc.; October, Mokatta has been upgraded to high-speed Noh.
3.4. Supply chain dimensions: development of autonomous control supply chain dimensions: maintenance of autonomous control cores, and development of third-party partners are important additions.
Core areas such as driving, as well as power systems, lighting systems, cabin systems, and whole-car chassis design, the Wall has perfected layouts and developed hydrogen energy. Core subsidiary cellular energy and millet intellectuals have introduced external battles, with direct control over R & D inputs. In addition, the Wall has entered the horizon for advanced auxiliary driving (adas),
High-level autopilots and smart cabins are focused on exploring car intelligence, developing market-led smarts, automobile products, smart core technologies such as fast deployment autopilots, smart web connections, and accelerating the development and production of smart cars. At the end of 2021, the Wall's headships were invested in the same shares of light, focusing on the third generation of new broadbanded semiconductor carbonated silicon.
In the case of the new energy automobile industry, the industrialization of carbonated silicon semiconductor materials and chips is promoted. Figure 36: Core layout of the seven Great Wall Cars subsidiaries (as of the end of 2021)
In the first category: four core subsidiaries, such as Norbo + Precision + Beehive + Mande Electronic, have built vertical integration capacity in the area of the Wall ' s traditional automobiles, and in particular the profitability of the Suv era has been effectively guaranteed.
The second major group: smart electric cars replace fuel cars in an unstoppable fashion. For the Great Wall ' s auto supply chain system to be self-controllable, the ability of the three main subsidiaries of MIG+SWE+SWE is critical.
The development of external partners is an important complement to the supply chain system. The Great Wall, on the one hand, has remained autonomous since the reform of the supply chain in 2018, while external partners are being developed. Battery and intelligence are now predominantly dependent on foreign suppliers, but they are also actively developing autonomous control capabilities.
It is also accelerating the addition of new external partners. 3.5. Channel marketing dimensions: direct link users, marketing channel dimensions: direct link users under the c2b model are inevitable and channel changes are firmly implemented.
Automotive marketing history: performance marketing - hard advertising marketing - scenario/ip marketing. 1) 2014 and before: Great Wall car marketing is accurate. Car consumption is dominated by post-60/70 groups, consumers buy cars through: acquaintance business, direct offline purchase, and marketing is perfect.) 2015-2019: Great Wall car marketing.
Car consumption is dominated by the purchase of vehicles by the post-80 group, and the consumer buys cars: vertical platforms on-line are increasingly important to consumers, and car surveyors and others have a greater impact on consumers’ mentalities, with direct experiences and lifts below the line.) Since 2020: the Wall has taken the lead in establishing digitalization operations centres to benefit from Internet dividends.
Consumption is dominated by post-85/90 group car purchases, and consumers buy cars: as short videos and various individual traffic platforms rise (fast hand/shattering/small red books, etc.), consumers need to be involved in vehicle co-creation, and the importance of private area flow construction is highlighted. Specifically, the Great Wall Cars, through various kinds of collaboration, create private area traffic belonging to the Wall and provide full life to users.
Life cycle management. For example, Eurola shows innovations in new ways of marketing the Great Wall ' s cars. 1) Prior-stage positioning through full user research; 2) Cat series name-names are impressive and well-positioned; 3) medium-term user-connectivity co-creates potential users; 4) later-line + below-line diversification, with an emphasis on app operations.
Figure 42: Changes in the Great Wall ' s car marketing strategy 2019 and beyond: Situations/ip enabling marketing.
X-ray transmission, giving the flag a model to get out of the car 2017-2019: hard advertising camp cards used for things like this or for ip,
Open up to stars, portals, portals, web portals.
Until 2017: Performance/Place Camp, Cars, Consumers Advertisement. Wall cars are more focused on apps than the same type of car. We're counting Wall Ora, Tan.
The three major brands of Côte d’Ivoire have continued to grow since 2021, with 2021h2 positives exceeding other month’s activity, including that of new power companies, and remaining in the lead. Wei’s branding app is also in a lead position, maintaining a high level of activity with new power cars, pelican cars, etc., and high-quality user activity.
Figure 43: Great Wall Car Ora, Tank, Wei brand app monthly activity lead/manufacturing dimensions: The Great Wall distribution network has expanded rapidly and the direct feeder mode has been developed simultaneously. 1) The distribution network has expanded rapidly. Beyond independent shops such as Haver/Wei/Pika, the Eura, tanks, etc. have accelerated in recent years.
New brand doors are being built to widen the country’s marketing horizons and speed up the opening of brand influence. 2) The Ora/tank/Wei brands are starting a business model. The electric/high-end brands of Ora, tanks, Wei, etc. are developing a business model in parallel. The Euro-Lat brand experience centre was opened in Beijing in June 2021; the first tank experience centre was opened in Guangzhou in December 2021, with a completely new model.
On the basis of Haf/Pika, Eura/tanks continue to build on their initial success, Wei/Sharon is breaking through, and the Great Wall Cars 2022-2023 product cycle is still strong. 1) Hafer branders use a compact suv market, through which they use a compact suv market.
The big dog/gobler is moving up the brand and opening up the hybrid area to a family transformation. 2) Tank branding, cross-country market, ahead of 300,500 tanks, quick follow-up, tank 700 and other products, price break-ups, break joint ventures Monopoly: simultaneously taking the country, opening the global market. 3) Ora branding the female user consumer consumption market, black and white cat/
On the basis of a good cat, in 2022, the Flashcat/Barre cat/Punk Cat launched a branding upgrade and enhanced. 4) Wei focuses on an anxiety smart car with the important task of high-end branding + intelligence in the Great Wall Fuel Cars area, car/mpv/suv in the form of multi-oil mix/plug-in/suv production in 2022-2023 or will continue to be introduced.
Four) Sharon's high-end technology brand, which is expected to be marketed in 2022, with industry leading the smart soft hardware + the leading power configuration as a core competitiveness, with differentiated innovation through "mechanical technology" thinking upwards to the luxury electric market of 400,000 dollars or more, will continue to be launched in 2023 with one to two models and enhanced brand positioning.
The central assumption is to forecast the profits of the Great Wall ' s cars for 2022-2024. 1) Revenues share the same rate of increase, several major brands are to be released together, and we believe that the Wall should enjoy a higher valuation and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
If the global epidemic is under-controlled, it will have an impact on the global economy, thus affecting the recovery in demand for vehicles. The recovery in demand for vehicles is lower than expected.
New-energy automobile development is lower than expected. If new-energy car technology development and market demand are lower than expected, it will affect the industry’s overall electrodynamic development process and have a significant impact on the Great Wall’s sales volume and its own profits.
Three major financial forecasts for the Wall's cars.