National non-ferrous metal mining giants, copper and cobalt projects for growth
• Non-ferrous metal mining giants, with high-quality projects contributing to growth, covering for the first time a “buy-in” rating for a company with high-quality mineral resources and a global metal trading network, with tungsten, cobalt, zirconium and molybdenum producing the world's leading and globally important copper producers and leading metal traders
One. The successful release of tfm and kfm copper cobalt mining projects under the company’s flag will provide dynamic energy for the growth of company performance. We see the smooth release of the tfm 3 and kfm 2 projects, the consolidation of the copper, cobalt and tfm copper cobalt mining projects, and the centrality of the copper, cobalt supply and demand structure.
With the continued production of the kfm and tfm expansion projects, in 2023 the company produced 4,195 tons of copper and 5.55 million tons of cobalt, of which copper production will be the second highest in the country after the purple gold mining industry, with cobalt being the highest in the world. Moreover, short-term additions are due to insufficient capital spending by major global copper mining companies.
Undercapacity and the development of the new energy industry have driven the growth of copper demand, with a tight supply and demand structure that will continue, with the interest-added cycle gradually ending, and copper prices expected to be sustained. The new energy sector is also expected to generate a rapid increase in the demand for cobalt gold, with a stable short- and medium-term supply and demand relationship.
Adding product prices is supported, and we see that corporate copper and cobalt plate performance will continue to grow in the short and medium term. • The diversification of resource layouts contributes to a stable income, the new energy metal layout is expected to provide incremental growth.
(a) Plates: the company owns three molybdenum resources in China, including three masonry mines, and is the leading producer of molybdenum and tungsten metals in the country; and (b) phosphorus plates: relying on high-quality neptunite resources in Brazil, the company grows into an important global supplier of pelican metals, and the entire chain of phosphorus chemicals is the leading Brazilian industry
phosphorus suppliers; (3) mineral trading plates: after the acquisition of ixm, companies introduce strong distribution networks and warehousing logistics systems that create synergies with their original mineral operations and effectively hedge the risk of price volatility of their products; (4) new energy metals such as nickel, lithium: companies are actively involved in investing in nickel-cobalt development projects across China and are strengthened and new
Energy giant Ninder’s partnership has accelerated the company’s deployment in the field of new energy metals. We see that, with diversified resources, future corporate revenue and profitability will continue to grow steadily, with some elasticity.
1. Global mining giants continue to expand, with the “mines plus trade” model opening up a space for growth, active deployment of offshore and offshore mineral resources, and local state-owned enterprises gradually growing into global mining giants. In 1969, with the approval of the former Ministry of National Metallurgical Affairs, the Luoyang-Yang-Yian-Kian Sasai Group, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as the “Lo-Yang Moor Industry”) or
In 2004, for the first time, the company undertook a mixed ownership reform, with the Hong Kong Business Group gaining 49% of the public sector's shareholding, leading to a cross-cutting development of “state holdings, private participation”.
The Hong Kong joint exchange was listed with a stock code of 3993.hk. In 2012, the company was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, launching an expansion journey. In 2014, the company again undertook a mixed ownership reform, with the private capital group gaining control of the company. In 2015-2023, the company continued to purchase and purchase high-quality mineral resources abroad, including cil phosphorous from Brazil.
Mines and nml, tfm and kfm copper and cobalt mines, etc., while companies are actively developing new business models that extend to the type of metal trading business by acquiring the third largest metal trader in the world.
Figure 1: The company ' s continued deployment of offshore high-quality mineral resources since 2013 Figure 2: The company ' s active deployment of all types of mineral resources at low global prices for metal materials has resulted in diversified mining processes and mineral trade in basic metals, rare metals
In December 2023, after the company had completed the closing of the Australian copper gold plate, the company's mining and processing operations consisted mainly of three major business plates, namely, copper, cobalt, platinum and phosphorus, distributed in China, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Brazil, and it was active in working with the new energy pioneer Ninder to open up the energy metals industry in Indonesia, Bolivia and elsewhere.
The company's mineral trade operations are mainly carried out by subsidiaries based in Switzerland, covering more than 80 countries worldwide, and are among the world's leading traders in basic metals. Currently, the company's products of molybdenum, tungsten, phosphorus are mainly based on the business model of “plant-distributors-consumption users” and sold through third-party traders.
For local consumers: while copper, cobalt, thorium, etc. products are mainly based on a business model of “mine-ixm-end processing and smelters” that enhances product profits and achieves business synergy through a logistics and marketing network of ixm. Companies are oriented towards global layout assets, with a clear advantage in mineral resources. In copper and cobalt plates, companies hold tfm
The copper cobalt mine is one of the largest and highest-grade mines in the world, combined with the Kfm mine project, which was launched in 2023, which is expected to produce more than 520,000 tons of copper and 60,000 tons of cobalt in 2024, while copper production is one of the top 10 in the world, and cobalt production is among the highest in the world. In the phosphorus plate, the company has Brazil under its flag.
Nml and fil phosphorus are currently the world’s leading producers of americium and Brazil’s leading producers of phosphorus products. At the plate, companies are one of the world’s leading producers of molybdenum, tungsten, metals, and their Middle Eastern Gobimite is currently in a slow construction phase, and with improved technology and infrastructure it is expected that further energy will be released in the future.
1.1 The introduction of a shareholder-era development strategy, the introduction of an employee-share-holding scheme, the firm's clear equity structure and the dominance of private business groups. After two mixed ownership reforms in 2004, 2014 the company gradually moved from state-owned to private-owned and State-owned equity.
In 2014, the company’s stockholders’ group increased its share of the company to 36.01% through the secondary market, becoming the company’s first major shareholder, and Mr. Soo became the actual controlling agent of the company. The introduction of the Ningde era is expected to create synergies for the company’s future development.
When the Replenishment was completed, the Ningde era indirectly held 19.55% of the company’s total equity and became the second largest shareholder.
Before becoming the company’s second-largest shareholder, the Ningde Group had worked on several occasions with the company’s controlling shareholder group. In 2015, the Hong Kong Group joined the Silver International Capital to participate in the targeted increase in the Ningde era, and as of June 2018, the Hong Kong Group held 3.21% of the shares through its fully-owned subsidiary, Tibet Hung, and was the first in the Ningde era.
Seven major shareholders. Since then, the Hong Kong Business Group and Ningde have worked together several times on the Golden Krypton and the Small Hong Kong Life Project.
The annual composite rate of return on net assets is no less than 12%.
In 2023, the company contributed $16,078 million in mineral trading operations, up from the same time in 2022, to equity settlement and copper and cobalt sales, up 187.24 per cent to 28,001 million, and argon phosphorus.
In 2023, the company ' s mineral trading operations/cobalt blocks/sales sales increased significantly, with gross profits increasing by 171.72 per cent on a year-on-year basis, but also due to a sharp decline in cobalt prices and a concussion in copper prices.
The overall Māori rate declined by 2.53 pct over the same year, and the Brazilian phosphorus operation fell by 44.95% over the same year due to the price of phosphorus products, and Māori fell by 13.64 pct over the same year. The overall Māori rate continued to improve and the cost rate was relatively stable.
The overall Māori ratio has moved downwards since the mineral trading plate, but the company ' s overall Māori ratio was on the top tfm and kfm copper cobalt mining project in 2019-2023, with a significant increase in copper and cobalt operations 2.1, acquisition of high-quality Congolese mineral resources, capacity and potential for growth
During the year, the company gained control of the tfm and kfm copper cobalt mines respectively, helping the company to have the world’s leading copper, cobalt and gold reserves and capacity. In 2022, the sales of copper and cobalt operations fell by more than 30 per cent on a year-on-year basis and by 26.53 per cent on a year-on-year basis, but benefited from the high prices of copper and cobalt on the international market, which still made it possible to make a difference.
(1) tfm copper cobalt ore: tfm copper cobalt ore covers an area of over 1,500 square kilometres and is one of the largest and highest-grade copper or cobalt ore in the world. The company indirectly holds 80% of the shares in the tfm copper or cobalt ore, and the business model covers the mining, refining and processing of copper, cobalt ore, with the main products being cathode copper and intermediate cobalt hydroxide.
(2) kfm copper cobalt ore: In 2020, the company acquired kfm copper through Nreit, a wholly owned subsidiary of the company, and on 31 December of that year, the kfm copper or cobalt ore had a capacity of 1.952 million tons and a grade of 0.99 per cent for cobalt ore, which is a globally scarce high cobalt ore and is 33 kilometres away from the company ' s existing tfm copper or cobalt ore, thus facilitating synergies.
As of 31 December 2023, the company held 80% of the tfm copper cobalt mine, while the Democratic Republic of the Congo government state-owned company, gecamines, held the remaining 20%. From the fourth quarter of 2021, the company raised the amount of the tfm cobalt mine and the resulting equity.
The problem was communicated to the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and to the gecamines. As a result of the lack of an agreement between the two sides, in late 2022, the company produced 39.4 million tons of copper and 5.55 million tons of cobalt, of which 198.89 to 38.98 million tons were sold on the same basis and 136.73 to 2.97 million tons were sold on the same basis.
In 2021-2022, a total of $4.36 billion was invested in the development of tfm and kfm copper cobalt mines, and the project was gradually completed. Of this amount, tfm has an additional copper capacity of 200,000 tons, cobalt capacity of 17 million tons, kfm additional copper capacity of 90,000 tons, cobalt capacity of 30,000 tons, and corporate copper production is expected to exceed 520,000 tons and cobalt production of more than 60,000 tons in 2024.
The company will launch an additional storage scheme in the Democratic Republic of the Congo project to facilitate the landing of projects tfm3 and kfm2, 2.2, copper industry: supply and demand structures are tight, copper prices are expected to remain high, structural inconsistencies between supply and demand are expected to continue, and copper prices are expected to remain high in the medium to long term.
The capital expenditure of the big copper company has been warming since 2017, but considering the five- to seven-year cycle between the construction of the copper mine and the build-up of existing copper deposits and the low level of global copper stocks, limited growth is expected at the end of the short term. On the demand side: China is now the leading consumer of refined copper, with domestic demand warming.
Overlaying relatively stable overseas demand, copper consumption is expected to maintain a small upward trend. Thus, copper prices are expected to remain high on the basis of supply-and-demand-restricted structures.
Increased copper prices in 2010 effectively stimulated copper companies to increase capital spending in order to accelerate investment and construction in the mines, while the incentives for copper companies to increase capital investment continued to decline as copper prices continued to fall before and after 2015. From output to output, higher copper prices helped copper companies to increase capital spending after 2020, but given that copper mines moved from construction to final production.
Figure 18: Global copper corporate capital spending is more relevant to copper prices, domestic copper consumption needs are expected to rise, and overseas demand is gradually warming. Domestic copper consumption needs to be concentrated in traditional areas such as electricity investment, real estate, domestic electricity, domestic electricity, electricity exports, electricity grid investment and higher profits from copper.
Demand for consumption in traditional areas is also expected to generate additional demand for electric vehicles, photovoltaics, etc. in new energy sources. In overseas markets, recovery in manufacturing industries and demand for investment in electricity grids are expected to boost demand for copper abroad. 2.3. Cobalt sector: Indonesia's nickel and cobalt resources are expected to provide an increase and are expected to sell in the future.
The market supply has grown steadily, and the Indonesian nickel cobalt mine is expected to provide an increase. In 2023, global cobalt production increased from 0.96 million tons in 2022 to 17 million tons in 2023, benefiting from the Hpal process, the efficient recycling of the rich low-grade nickel cobalt mine in Indonesia, which is expected to boost Indonesia.
Growth in demand in the new energy sector led to a steady increase in demand for cobalt. In 2023, total global demand for cobalt increased by the same year.
Core elements of up-to-date demand. Stable contribution of diversified operations and active integration into the new energy industry chain 3.1. Blocks: Stable contribution of operations, promising release of molten mines in Xinjiang
The company is the world’s leading producer of molybdenum, tungsten metals. It is one of the world’s seven largest producers of molybdenum and one of the largest producers of tungsten concentrate, with resources from the tri-tungsten mines in Henan, the tungsten mine in Upper Trench and the molten mine in Xinjiang, mainly in the selection, smelting and processing of molten, tungsten metals, and its main products include molten and tungsten.
Ammonium acid (apt), tungsten concentrate, etc., while recovering minerals such as iron, copper, fluorescent, etc. In 2023, corporate molten gold benefited from a high market profile, and company slab operations grew steadily. In 2023, company slabs achieved operating revenues of $8,611 million, an increase of 23.63 per cent, and gross profits of $3,751 million, an increase of the same amount.
Xinjiang's high-quality molten ore development is imminent, and is expected to increase. Xinjiang Hami city's eastern mammal ore is the first ultra-large rocky ore in the Xinjiang region, with the advantages of large size (142 million tons of ore deposits), high grade, shallow burial, and easy-to-exploitation.
In 2016, the company acquired American and British resources in Bar.
In the western part of the country, the phosphorus business plate operates the nml and cil mines through cmocbrasil, and is the second largest supplier of thorium metal and the second largest supplier of phosphorus in Brazil. The thorium business is mainly the mining and processing of thorium ore, the main product is iron, and the phosphorous mining operation covers the entire industrial chain of phosphorus chemical workers, and the main product is a variety of products.
Phosphate and animal feed supplementation. In 2023, the operational plate of phosphorus was operating at the same level of income due to weak phosphorus prices, and the production capacity-building programme, with a limited nominal increase in production of phosphorus plate in the short and medium term. 3.3.ixm: layout of the “mine plus trade” business model, creating revenue and profit growth points
Large merchandise traders arbitrage mainly through the commodity chain. As raw materials are transformed into end-consumptions, time and space are often misallocated, and bulk commodity traders can effectively reconcile their contradictions and generate benefits.
Consumers often differ, and traders can optimize supply and demand structures and gain geographical arbitrage opportunities through warehousing and logistics systems. In time, because of the existence of futures and spot markets, traders can build market forecasting capabilities based on storage and marketing systems and earn current price differentials through futures instruments.
In 2019, the company completed the acquisition of ixm and successfully developed a business model for “mine + trade”. The ixm is based in Geneva, Switzerland, with metal trading networks operating in more than 80 countries around the world, with major fields of operation including China, Europe, Latin America and North America.
The business model is the third-largest basic metal trader in the world. The business model for ixm consists mainly of the trade in refined minerals and the trade in refined metals. Māori for the trade in refined minerals comes mainly from processing fees and refining fees, while Māori for the trade in refined metals comes mainly from the change in premium water and current arbitrage.
In 2023, the company collected $123,799 million in refined metals, accounting for 66.46 per cent of the total, and 44,279 million in refined minerals, accounting for 23.77 per cent of the total. In terms of profitability, the gross profit level of the mineral trade continued to change.
3.4. New energy metals: In partnership with the new domestic energy poles, it is hoped to build up new amounts to invest in the development of nickel and cobalt from China to Indonesia, and to deploy high-quality nickel and cobalt resources from Indonesia. In 2019, the company indirectly held 30% of the nickel and cobalt equity through equity acquisitions and replenishments. Through this investment, the company became involved in Indonesia.
The morowali industrial park has been built on a project for the hydro-metallurgical processing of nickel from the red earth (60 000 tons of nickel metal mixed with cobalt hydroxide). Since the hpal process can recover elements of cobalt from the low-grade red earth nickel mine in Indonesia, with the advantages of low-energy consumption and low-cost, etc., the hpal process is expected to become an important increase in the supply of cobalt.
In 2021, the company’s wholly-owned company, Lomong Holdings, entered into a Strategic Co-operative Agreement with Bump, an indirectly-owned subsidiary of the Ninder era.
In 2023, the company, together with the Ninder era, acquired the right to develop the coastal lakes of Nieuuni and oruro, and will build two lithium salt plants, which will add 50,000 to the site of the project.
Tons of lithium carbonate production capacity. Cooperation with the Ningde era is expected to take advantage of both sides and create synergies.4 According to an analysis of the company ' s planning of ongoing projects and the prevailing business climate, our projections for the company ' s profitability are as follows:
(1) Mineral trade operations: the business of the company ' s trade platform is expected to be stable in size, with refined metal trading operations receiving $12,631,288,134.4 million in size and refined mineral products trading operations in size (2) copper and cobalt plates: as the Democratic Republic of the Congo ' s tfm and kfm projects have been phased in, it is assumed that
(3) Blocks: taking into account the relative stability in the scale of mining of the company's existing mines but the presence of ores (5) Other operations: In China, the nickel project is expected to provide an increase, assuming a small collection of other business plates relative to valuation methods. We have selected purple gold mining, western mining, which contains copper in the main battalion operations.
A comparison of gold integrity, based on the 24 May 2024 stock price, with comparable corporate values of 2024-2026 at a relatively undervalued level. Given that the company's copper production is at the forefront of the industry, with the global copper supply and demand superimposed on the copper price hub, it is expected that the profitability of the Congolese copper-cobalt block operation will continue to grow, compared with the profit margin.
(a) Partner companies have a high growth space, covering for the first time the rating given to them as “buy-in”. (1) The risk of price volatility of raw materials: the company's main product is minerals or primary processed products, the price of products is more relevant to the price of raw materials, which will affect the company's profitability if the price of raw materials increases significantly in the future;
(2) The project is not as advanced as expected: subsequent new projects are mainly tkm3 and kfm3 and will affect corporate profitability if not anticipated; (3) the risk of policy change: resources under the corporate umbrella are distributed in several countries, including Asia, South America, Africa, etc.
Due to political risks or changes in local industrial policy that have a greater impact on the company ' s business, it will affect the company ' s profitability.