Luoyang industry chinamolybdenum (603993ch) thick hair, copper and cobalt production breakthroughs and high performance growth
Opinion focus investmentfocus (pleaseeeappendix1forenglichsummary) tons, 6 per cent more than year-on-year, 0.95 million tons more than year-on-year, 3 per cent more than year-on-year; output gold
1.88 million ounces, a 16% increase over the same year. Corporate copper production is close to the top ten, making it the world's largest cobalt producer.
tfm equity money and Africa’s logistics cycle, the company’s production and sales are affected. As a result of the company’s efforts, it gradually emerged in the second half of the year, with the company entering production in two tfm and kfm world-class mines in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The construction of the tfm mixed mine centre and eastern zone was successfully completed and three additional production lines were added; the cost of kfm remained stable and highly productive and efficient, contributing significant capacity, and the company achieved a significant increase in total product production in 2023 with the full power of the major mining areas.
On 5th, as the production and net profits of the Australian copper gold mine “npm copper gold mine” were gradually reduced in the group ratio, the company decided to hold 100 per cent of its cmocmining shares, 100 per cent of the cmocmetas held by its wholly-owned subsidiary, cmocmited.
The transfer of a dollar to an unrelated third party, valued at $755,999,999, respectively, resulted in a net gain of $252 million from this asset transaction, which reduced the corporate asset-liability ratio and increased capital-distribution efficiency.
Continued development of the tfm, kfm and future growth of the company’s production potential. According to company announcements, the tfm mine will gradually reach production in 2024 and the kfm mine potential will be further exploited; the survey work will be intensified in the same year for the tfm III and kfm II phases
Preparation for development; according to company production guidelines, copper and cobalt production is expected to increase further in 2024, with copper production reaching over 520,000 tons and cobalt production reaching a profit forecast and investment rating of 60,000. We expect the company to return a net profit in 2024-2026.
Compared to the company's valuation, given the increase in production on the kfm/tfm project, we gave the company a “better than the big market” rating.
Wang Mangiwang