The double pressure on cost demand has been reduced, and the new capacity project in Texas + Jianzhou has accelerated. Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) on the night of 29 March 2023, WalluHingl published its annual report 2022, which became operational in 2022.
Prices of pure benzene, coal-type upstream raw materials in 2022 due to the effects of the Russian war on inflation, company prices have increased significantly compared to the trend of Qin’s depth of 300, with average prices of pure benzene/power coal (q:5500) in 2021, according to the data from Begawa.
In general, the low level of acetic acid and derivatives and new energy sources in the company’s main business was damaged in profit. Acetic acid prices averaged $6925.95 per ton in 2021, while acetic acid prices continued to drop in 2022 and fell to $4195.59 per ton, directly affecting the acetic plate industry
In 2021, the average price of adipic acid/dmc/isocnool fell. Fertilizer plates were affected by the Russian conflict and the increase in national fertilizer reserves, the overall demand for fertilizers and the price of urea products rose. In addition, the company 2022q4 was sued by the court.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In the current spring season, the demand for fertilizers has improved marginally, contributing to the rise in the demand for urea. According to the data, as of 2023.03.32, urea/dmf/ too-cost, as of 2023.3.30, the price of power coal (q:5500) in the island of Qin is $1090.
/tonne, price down by 9.39% from 2023.1.1, and cost-side pressures continue to subside. After the epidemic peaks, the economy recovers slowly, and production capacity is released, the company will perform in the future with 1.q3 low demand performance pressure, new material items
• Completion of the integrated industry multi-line layout, Texas, Qingzhou base projects, sustained growth of 2.q2 battalion, robust growth, new materials projects
The Texas base is based on the strategy of maintaining high-end layouts, building high-end products such as high-end electronic solvents, nylon materials, helping companies to increase profitability, and nylon new materials projects (300 000 tonnes/year) of 200,000 nylons.
In January 2023, the company installed 300,000 tons/year dmc devices, and the 300,000 tons of emc devices are in the installation commissioning phase. Xiangzhou base was opened in November 2020 in the Hubei River Economic Development Area.
Construction, with a total planned investment of 46 billion yuan, with an investment of 12.3 billion yuan in the first phase of the project, mainly in the construction year, with the production of 1 million tons of acetic acid, 300,000 tons of organochlorine and 1 million tons of urea per year, which is expected to be phased in by June 2023.
5.054 billion yuan to build projects for the integration of biodegradable materials with 200,000 tonnes bdo, 160,000 tonnes nmp and 30,000 tonnes pbat per year, 100,000 tonnes/year acetic anhydride, melamine resin monoliths, methazine materials and product optimization projects.
An important project of capital spending, the start-up of new projects, will open up new opportunities for companies to grow. Waru Hisung-chung is one of the leading companies in the chemical industry in the country, based on gasification platforms, building an integrated operating model, with a strong cost-control advantage, and is now at the bottom.
(i) Risks arising from price fluctuations in raw materials and major products; (ii) safe production risks: (iii) environmental protection risks;
(4) The project is not as fast as expected; the cost of three fees has been steadily reduced due to the short-term decline in the profitability of semi-avian coupons huaanrearch 1.
In 2022, as a result of downside economic pressure and recurrent epidemics, the company’s main business was under short-term pressure for profit. In 2022, the company achieved a business income of $30,245 million, an increase of 13.09 per cent compared to the previous year; it was affected by low demand for downstream products, high coal prices, falling prices for corporate products and a sharp reduction in price differentials.
q4 plus $218 million in out-of-service expenditures due to court proceedings.
For the last five years, the Māori rate and net interest rate of the company, sales and financial costs have been declining, and administrative costs have been increasing year by year. As the company continues to implement its production business philosophy of reducing efficiency gains, business processes are being optimized, company-time cost rates are declining, and its costs are being controlled.
Corporate sales and financial costs in 2022 were $51.69.9 million and $5.8829 million, respectively, mainly due to increased interest income from companies and a significant reduction in interest expenditure. Management costs grew between 2017 and 2021, mainly due to higher salary and equipment depreciation costs for managers, which decreased slightly in 2022.
The annual weighted net assets return of the company was 25.58 per cent, compared to 2021, mainly high coal prices. Figure 6 Three fees as a share of operating income in almost five years. 2. Fragmentation of plates, acetic acid and derivative pressure.
Products such as methamamine, of which dmf is a company-led product, are used mainly in the pulp, electronics, pharmaceuticals, intermediates, etc., with 330,000 tons of current capacity, and the construction of 150,000 tons of planned production at the Xingzhou base, which is expected to be ready for production in mid-2023. In 2022, the organic product was generated by a business income of 5,995 million yuan, an increase of 1.31 per cent over the same period.
On the Māori side, the Māori sector achieved Māori Māori Māori Māori Māori Māori, which increased 7.17 billion yuan in 2022, a 7.75 per cent increase over the same period, and Mnex Gross Oxyamine. Chart 8 shows the operating income and growth rate of the Oxyamine Plate for nearly five years.
Figure 10 close to five years of organic ammonium block sales, and in 2022 the dmf market was affected by recurrent outbreaks, international geo-conflicts, and downstream demand contractions, with dmf prices showing a downward trend overall throughout the year. At the beginning of 2022, the dmf prices were high, and before spring holidays, they were in environmental policy.
In a context of shrinking supply and rising demand, prices have risen, domestic epidemics have spread, multiple controls have been stepped up, and the dmf market has gradually moved down the road as logistics transport and end consumption have been curbed. In the second quarter, the plant has reduced its start-up load, supply-side pressure has been reduced, the market has turned on a backlash, but market demand has not yet been met.
Three quarters of the dmf market is starting a new wave of production and supply-side pressures are rising. As the vaccination policy is moving into a new phase at the end of the year, the confidence of market operators has increased, and pre-positioning has led to a short release of demand, which supports a certain rebound in the price of dmf. According to Kiwakawa Yuzu, as of 24 March 2023, dmf
The price was $5,500 per ton, with a price difference of $1741 per ton; the price was 12.16 per cent in the historical fraction, with a price difference of 8.27 per cent and a projected price of more than 8.27 per cent of the new production capacity released in dmf in the year, with the projected price at the bottom. On the cost side, in 2022, the unit cost of the product was $5766.71, the largest of which was still the direct material, 85.44 per cent, direct labour and production.
Construction costs were 5.55 per cent and 9.01 per cent, respectively, a slight increase from the share of direct materials in 2021.
In 2022, as a result of the conflict in the Russian Federation and the increase in the country’s fertilizer reserves, the fertilizer landscape was very high, and the company’s fertilizer plates increased significantly. Fertilizer was an important agricultural production resource, an important guarantee of agricultural production development and national food security. The Russian-Ukrainian conflict reinforced the importance of food security and the fertilizer climate.
See, the company’s fertilizer business is based on urea, with an existing capacity of 1.8 million tons, and a 1 million-year-old base in Chenzhou, where the fertilizer landscape is expected to continue, and where the subsequent profitability of the fertilizer will be appreciated. In 2022, as a result of the conflict in the Russian Federation and the increase in the country’s fertilizer reserves, the overall demand for the fertilizer increased, and the first half of the year’s urine.
In 2022, the Russian-Turkish conflict affected the global food supply, and the high prices of agricultural products, such as wheat and maize, increased farmers’ incentives to grow their produce and led to a significant increase in fertilizer demand. On the demand side of agriculture, the state emphasized food security, implemented cropland protection, and was determined to protect the cropland.
The “defarming” of arable land, the prevention of “defoodization”, the increase in the area of food sowing, the increase in farmers' motivation to plant food, and the increase in the country's reserves of fertilizers and the country's rigid demand for them, as well as the use of fertilizer to guarantee agricultural production in the third summer of 2022, in accordance with the “summer fat” policy introduced at the end of 2021.
The policy of the National Development Reform Commission and the Ministry of Finance, together with the parties concerned, to set up a temporary reserve for summer tube fertilizer, which began to be placed on the market in June 2022, increases the market demand for urea and, to some extent, the price of urea. According to the Moor, on 24 March 2023, the price of urea was R$ 2,670 per ton, with a difference of $1521 per ton;
Prices are at 74.51% historical and 81.42% historical. In the current spring season, the demand for fertilizers has improved marginally, and the climate has continued to grow.
The full implementation of the country ' s four emission standards in the month means that the country ' s latest production and marketing of non-road mobile machinery (including excavators, loaders, pilers, bulldozers, rollers, forklifts, agricultural machines, etc.) also needs to be treated with urea. Annual vehicle urea production will be maintained at an annual rate of 10 to 20 per cent, and the market ratio will increase significantly.
In terms of costs, the company ' s urea is based on coal and coal, produced through clean gasification technologies, with some advantages in processes, equipment, technology, long-term system operations, precision management, and product costs are at the forefront of the industry. In 2022, the unit cost of fertilizer plate products was $1076.90, the largest share of which is still direct.
Data, 80.92 per cent, direct labour and manufacturing costs 6.75 per cent and 12.33 per cent, respectively.
2.3 Acetic acid and derivative plates. The company ' s acetic acid and derivative plate products consist mainly of acetic acid, acetic anhydride, and so on. Acetic acid is the dominant product of the company and is used mainly for the production of pta, ethyl acetic acid and ethyl acetic acid.
Building capacity of 1 million tons, expected to start production gradually after mid-2023. Acetic acid and derivative plate product camps, 2022. Chart 25 Acetic acid and derivative plate Māori and growth rate in nearly five years. Figure 24 Business income and growth rate of acetic acid and derivative plate in nearly five years.
Figure 26: Acetic acid and derivative block sales for nearly five years. Acetic acid and derivative production (t) tons. Acetic acid and derivative sales (t) tons.
Prices of acetic acid fell in 2022. In 2022, the supply and demand gap was sharp, new production of acetic acid from various domestic firms became operational, lower demand from downstream pta, ethyl acetic acid, ethyl acetate and ethylene acetate markets remained low, new productivity increases were difficult to digest in downstream markets, and price imbalances led to a fall in prices.
On 24 March of that year, the price of urea was $2900 per ton, with a difference of $1288 per ton; the price was 15.51 per cent historical and 11.17 per cent historical; the cost was $2479.62 per unit cost of acetic acid and derivative plate products in 2022, which was the largest.
The share of direct materials has increased since the year. 2.4 New Materials for New Energy Blocks. 2.4 New Materials for New Materials for New Energy Project.
The statistical caliber has been adjusted to include the 2020 polyol and acetic acid plates in the new material plate for measurement and reporting, and in 2022 for new materials in the new energy plate.
Tons, 330,000 tons of adipic acid, 550,000 tons of ethanol, 100,000 tons of perine amphetamine (for external sale), 6.2 million tons of pa, etc., and the Texas base high-end solvent project is expected to be phased in by 2023.
2.243 billion yuan, with a Māori rate of 15.31 per cent for new energy plate products of new materials. 30.431 million tons of new energy plate products, 1,81.29 million tons sold in 2022, and a significant increase from 2021, are important components of the company ' s performance.
Frozen fluids, unsaturated resins, polyurethanes, etc., liquids, tank transport, competitive patterns in the industry, constant losses, prices of products continued to fall in 2022, companies temporarily suspended 550,000 tonnes/year ethanol devices in 2022, fell back into high annual prices, and demand expanded significantly with future production in the p66 and pbat industries.
The volume is expected to increase further, and the industry is expected to improve. In 2022, the price of Pa6 fell as a result of a rebound in raw materials prices, and its downstream applications were mainly in the fields of filamentary fibres, engineering plastics, film, etc. In recent years, domestic consumption has been rising, with nylons 6 degrees of light, sense of hand, elasticity, etc. superior to scrubbers, which will gradually replace embers in textile fibres.
The rapid development of the automobile, electronics and electronics industries has also given rise to a demand for nylon 6 engineering plastics, which is currently in a process of high production demand and has long-term development space.
The price of HFA was $12125 per ton as at 24 March 2023; the price was 20.7% historical and the price was 9.67% historical. The downstream traditional demand grew steadily, and the emerging demand continued to grow and was subject to downstream market demand.
The effect of growth is that the price of herbic acid remains high, with a price of $5,500 per ton as of March 2023; the price is 58.67% historical. dmc is mainly used in electrolytic fluids, pc, polycarbonate esters, glues and coatings, solid light gas, photo fluids, etc., and companies synthesized dmc in methanol oxidation oxy.
Battery level dmc production technology, with battery level dmc at 20-25%, downstream customers including most of the battery industry chain customers such as gifted materials, with low price shocks in 2022 due to the effects of the epidemic, among other things.
Figure 33 Prices and price differentials
Figure 37 Price trends for herbic acid, Figure 38 (dmc) price trends, Figure 39: New energy plate sales for new materials for nearly five years
3. Planning for a new project in Texas + Jinzhou, fast-growing aid company
3.1 The flexible integrated industrial chain builds low-cost advantages The company has completed the back-end multi-line layout of the gasification platform, moving to the higher end of the value chain, with a higher level of cost control than the industry average.
This year, the whole industry model has improved, with gasification platforms receiving H2, co-synthetic methanol, methanol glycolation further synthesizing dmf, acetic acid, urea. Benzene is used for synthesizing adipic acids and phenoxyamphetamine, further synthesizing p6 and planned p66. Acetylene is used for synthetic butols, octanol, etc.
The company’s development over the last 20 years has led to a more sophisticated industry model, with H2, co-consolidated into methanol, methanol lysed further with dmf, acetic acid, urea.
Different types of touch, the main processes of gasification platforms include fixed beds, fluid beds, and gas flow bed processes.
Low, with a 98% carbon conversion rate, an effective gas component of 83-86% is higher than the getic furnaces, leading the technologically competitive industry. There are also substantial savings in royalties compared to the use of foreign technology, and the avoidance of expensive imports of equipment and materials.
Intersystem- and park-to-park cogeneration to optimize the current product structure and thus improve the combined benefits. For adipic acids and aximides use co-material benzene and cyclohexane, adjusting production rates to market conditions and price fluctuations, ethanol is currently at a loss in the industry, and companies shut down ethylene devices to produce dmc, depending on the market situation.
(a) Rationalizing production in pursuit of maximization of profits.
The Texas base builds high-end projects to further enhance profitability. The Texas base builds high-end products such as high-end electronic solvents, nylon materials, and boosts the profitability of support companies, in accordance with the strategic plan to maintain high-end layouts.
Slicing devices have been built through the entire process, producing qualified products and entering the trial production phase, producing nylons 6 to 200,000 tons per year. In the case of high-end solvents, the company will build 300,000 tons of dmc, 300,000 tons of methyl ester carbonate, billion yuan per year. In January 2023, the company will have a 300,000 tons/year dmc installation successfully put into production.
The proposed 300,000 tonnes/year binary acid project in the Texas campus, with a total investment of 980 million yuan, is expected to come into operation in March 2023. The ability of companies to produce new materials, etc., will help enterprises to go downstream, promote the expansion of their industries while developing in more segmented areas, and consolidate and upgrade their leadership in the market.
The company began construction of the county base in the Hubei River Economic Development Area in November 2020, with a total investment of 46 billion yuan in the modern coalification base project, of which 12.3 billion yuan was invested in one phase, covering 2,495 acres.
The construction of a clean and efficient gas gasification platform, with deep synthetic gas processing, will lead to the formation of basic chemical materials such as ammonia, saturated monool, methamamine, dmf, acetic acid, functional fertilizer, and, on a product scale, to the consumption of approximately 2 million tons of ammonia and 3 million tons of raw coal, which are expected to be phased in by 2023 q4.
To achieve annual sales revenue of $10 billion and a tax of more than $1 billion. A formal investment agreement has been signed for the new energy project phase II, which will serve as a platform for the production of new high-end chemical materials, fine chemicals and hydrogen energy products, mainly the production of end-of-life ammonium, nylon 6, nylon 66, degradationable plastics (pbat, pga), etc., which will help businesses to play their part.
With the advantages of integration of raw materials, further expansion of the development space in the field of new energy materials, high-end development of coal-chemical products is expected to take place in 2024. The completion of the project at the Qingzhou base is expected to result in sales of $40 billion after delivery, tax revenues of $3 billion, employment generation of about 1,200 people, and expansion of the company in urea, acetic acid and possession.
Figure 44 State-based new energy materials project process route 4. Sustained high levels of research and development and enhanced patent placement in new areas
Research and development costs are increasing, highly educated people continue to be introduced, and corporate innovation is growing steadily. Corporate development is dependent on technological innovation, the expansion of former gasification platforms to back-end multi-lined layouts, and now to high-end industrial chains, thanks to the company’s many years of investment and high R & D concepts.
In recent years, the number of patent applications by companies has increased steadily, and patents are a measure of the marketability of the results of their research. The number of patent applications/licensings by companies in 2022 has increased considerably.
The proportion of staff with undergraduate and higher degrees is 47.59%.
Figure 46 R & D cost rates Figure 48: Number and percentage of R & D staff
Figure 49 has seen a growing number of patents, companies have been motivated by equity incentive schemes. Since 2015, companies have cumulatively implemented three equity incentives, three equity incentive schemes have gradually increased the number of incentives and shares, and performance requirements have been raised.
The third phase of the equity incentive scheme, implemented in 2021, had a total of 190 persons, with a total planned share of 13.2 million, representing 0.62 per cent of the total. In 2022, companies applied for 70 public patents, 12 of which involved chemicals, machinery, and production.
In many areas, such as industry, its use in industrial production has the beneficial effect of reducing energy consumption and production costs, as well as its utility and economic value, helping enterprises to perform even better.
The operating model, which has a strong cost-control advantage, is currently at the bottom of the zone, adding information on the use of legitimate compliance by companies for new energy materials, and producing the report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open market information. I do not have any assurance about the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor about any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.