On 19 May 2023, the company grew from nitrogen fertilizer to an all-embracing coal industry. The company was formerly a Texas fertilizer plant.
After long and sustained investment, companies build and consolidate technological advantages, scale up, extend the industrial chain, and gradually build large nitrogen fertilizers, carbon I, synthesizing and new coals.
Four major industrial platforms for gasification have gradually been transformed from a traditional coal industry based on the production of nitrogen fertilizers to a multi-industrial cluster of new coal industry firms that work with co-productions. The “one-line multi-head” strategy sets up business plans.
A competitive synthesizing gas platform, starting with the industrial chain, has developed a “one-line multi-heading” industrial layout through a variety of platform-type products such as methanol, acetic acid, ethanol, etc.
Liu Haiyong is rich in line and has four main areas of fertilizer, organochlorine, acetic acid and derivatives, and new materials.
Cost-efficiency industry leads, with two breakthroughs ahead. Companies have developed uniquely through bold use of advanced engineering \triangleright, continuous technological optimization, flexible co-production to contain the vagaries of the product landscape.
Efficiency cost advantages. Over the last two years, the company has stepped up its efforts in the new materials field, breaking through the old lines of business, starting to engage in products such as nylon, new energy electrolysis, degradation materials, etc.; and beyond the geographical limits, the Department has made its first major investment in the expatriation of a large modern coal-chemical base in Hubeizhou.
On the ground, it is expected that the successful model of the coal industry chain in Texas will be replicated and further magnified. Investment advice: companies will take the lead in synthesizing gas platforms, using multiple technology platforms, in fertilizer, organic \triangleright
In the direction of ammonium, acetic acid and derivatives, new materials, etc., a “one-way” industrial layout is developed. The company has a very high management efficiency and cost advantage, with only 1.23% of the company's three rates and a leader in the industry.
\triangleright Risk of price increases in raw materials; 4) Risk of litigation; 1 Company Profile: Coalification Lead from Fertilizer Enterprise Growth
1.1 Company background: the provincial state company that was released from the fertilizer plant, H.E. Shandong Hualuheung Chemical Co. Ltd. (stock code 600426.sh) is a listed company controlled by the State Treasury of Shandong Province and is the lead company of the Huarou Group Chemical Block. The company was handed in in in June 2002.
After sustained long-term investment, the creation and consolidation of technological advantages, scale-up, and extension of the industrial chain, four major industrial platforms have been built up for nitrogen fertilizer, carbon I, synthesizing, gasification, and the gradual transformation of traditional coal-chemical enterprises, mainly nitrogen-based fertilizers, into new multi-industrial coal-chemical industries that work together.
The Division covers more than 30 chemical products and is an important national manufacturer of basic chemical raw materials, a coal-industrial lead company. The company has more than 140 national patents and a core set of technologies, and the company “300 000 tonnes/year synthetic ammonia package and development and application of critical equipment” received the 2008 National Science and Technology Progress Second Award.
The State Finance Committee of the State Council has determined that it will create an action pole for the management of key state-owned enterprises. Figure 1: Walluheung ' s equity structure and management structure (as of 30/03/2023)
According to the structure of the management of the company, the company owned 32.06% of the shares of the listed company, the owner of the parent company was the People’s Government of Texas. From the structure of the management of the company, the company owned the listed company through the Hualu Holding Group.
The company’s main subsidiary is Warlu Hisung-jung, Ltd., which is the main operator of the Second Base County project. The parent company, Warluhing-Hung-hung Group, has five subsidiaries, among which the brother-in-law, the State of Styx, provides gas and residential heating in the city of Texas, and the German Design Research Corporation Ltd. is engaged in chemical engineering.
The company's development has been through four stages. The company's development from the time of the plant's construction in 1968 to the present is broadly divided.
The first phase, from the establishment of the Texas Fertilizer Plant in 1968 to 1992, was typical of the fertilizer industry. The company built only 5,000 tons of synthetic ammonia and 20,000 tons of ammonium per year, and then gradually.
Phase II, 1992-2002, when urea was the core product. In 1989, the company seized the opportunity to encourage small urea production in small nitrogen fertilizer companies in the country and obtained a 40,000 urea per year permit.
In the end of the 1990s, urea was the company’s nuclear heart product and gradually expanded urea production to 300,000 tonnes/year. At the same time, the company began to deal with chemical products that represented methanol, formaldehyde, organochlorine, and dmf. In 1998, it introduced an advanced international base.
Synthetic technology, with the successful development of organamine products. The company has also carried out a great deal of latent work, and it was the first company in the country to produce urea for almost no extra steam.
Phase III, 2002-2020, the period of full development of the “one-line” coal-chemical industrial chain. The Division relies on the Synthetic Gas Platform and the Tetra-Technology Platform to further expand the production and operation of products related to the urea-related industrial chain, and extends from the coal-chemical-urea industrial chain to methanol-acetic acid, acetylene-butanol, pure
Phase IV, 2020 - to date, local high-end, off-site developments. The chain is a step towards improving the nylon chain at the local level in Texas, while talking about the military bdo-degradable chain, and new materials.
In addition, during this period, the state of Hubei State, which is located in the capital city of Texas, began to make large-scale investments in the second base, breaking the Ministry’s development bottlenecks and upgrading its successful model in different states.
1.2 Operational structure: Relying on coal-chemicals, for new materials The combination of net profit returns to mothers has increased by 32% over the last 10 years. After many years of development, Waruhein Litt has formed four major business plates, focusing on fertilizer, dmf and organochlorine, acetic acid and derivatives, and new chemical materials.
More than 30 products are in the forefront of many product markets, with companies such as Trimethylamine, dmf, a number of national standards, industry standard drafting or revision units, and sponsored the drafting of a code for the safety of vehicles in chemical installations in Shandong Province, which led to the selection of dmf as a single national manufacturing champion. The company ' s combined sales earnings grew by 15.75% in 2012-2022.
In recent years, the company has been based on coal-chemical-synthetic gas, with a focus on new materials. The share of new materials sold in 2020 was about 34%, and by 2022, the share of new materials sold increased significantly to 52%.
The operations of the plate have covered more than 10 products such as ethylene diol, aphrodisiac, recyclol, isoctopone, cyclohexone, carbonate dimethylene, vinylamide, nylon6 and pbat, all of which have deep synergies with the company ' s former coal-chemical-synthetic gas industry chain on a variety of raw materials.
Figure 5: Main business structure of Wallu-Hingl 2020 Figure 6: Main business structure of 2022 Wallow-Hingh-Hingle-Hingle: Operations strategy 1.3: Cost-leading as a core strategy
The firm’s competitiveness is most evident in its desperate quest for cost and efficiency. The firm’s development has been driven by a lot of competition in nitrogen fertilizer, nitrogen fertilizer and urea, and extremely competitive markets.
Most of the other products that companies follow are fully competitive. Companies continue to introduce a culture of digestion and re-absorption of advanced technology, internal downscaling, regulatory advocacy, and efficiency.
2 multiwidths, embroidered with a huge luminous system 2.1 casts "concords": a powerful synthesizing gas platform around urea 2.1.1 with urea as its first core product
In the early years of the company as a fertilizer company, the industrial chain layout was developed in the gasification - synthetic ammonia - urea - nitrous fertilizer chain. Since then, horizontal expansion and vertical deepening have led to a pattern of “multilines.” Coalization – the industrial chain of urea is the first line of the company's “multiline”.
urea is the highest nitrogen content of nitrogen and 65% of urea is applied directly or indirectly to agriculture. The chemical structure of urea is co (nh2)2 and is an important fertilizer material. urea contains 46% nitrogen, which is the current highest nitrogen content, well above other nitrogen fertilizer (24-25% of ammonium chloride, 35% of ammonium nitrate and 21% of ammonium sulfate).
urea is a neutral fertilizer with little damage to the soil. In addition to direct application, phosphorus and potassium fertilizer can also be used in agricultural production. China consumed 50.8 million tons of urea in 2022, an increase of 2.63 per cent from 2021 and 2018-2022.
The policy impact of zero growth in urea use has declined. There has been an increase in demand for food security in the post-epidemiological period of domestic urea consumption in 2020-2022.
For example, urea can be used to produce blubber, melamine, car urea, electric degeneratives, etc. downstream consumption is 20%, 7%, 3%, 2% respectively. urea for vehicles is expected to maintain a higher rate of increase.
31.8% - 33.2% are used for the reduction of nitrogen oxide compounds. Vehicle urea, also known as diesel engine tailings, is a necessary consumable in Scr technology. The Ministry of Environmental Protection, China Motor Pollution Prevention and Control Annual Bulletin, stated that medium-heavy diesel vehicles account for 8.9% of motor vehicle holdings, while their nitrogen oxide emissions account for 84.8% of total emissions.
The most extensive treatment of heavy diesel vehicle tail gas emissions is the reduction of nitrogen oxides in the urea solution in the scr system.
Figure 11: Domestic vehicle urea production, 2018-2021, fully implemented in December 2022, according to the Technical Requirements for the Control of Emissions of Non-Road Diesel Mobile Machinery Pollutants. Our engineering machinery holdings as of 2021 were 10 million.
With 12.1% of mobile sources, nox emissions accounted for 34.4% of mobile source emissions, particulate emissions accounted for 76.4% of mobile source emissions, and domestic vehicle urea production of 2.88 million tons in 2021 was estimated to be increasing by 10-20% over the next two years.
The urea industry has a very low supply end concentration. By 2022, the domestic urea industry had a total capacity of 74.26 million tons.
12.44 million tonnes, or 61.8% of the total, the company’s large fertilizer business is in the middle, but the profits are the highest in the industry. According to the National Nitrogen Fertilizer Institute, 2021, the national synthetic ammonia production in the nitrogen industry is 20%, urea is 20%, and profits are higher.
In total, 20 percent of the total, the 7th and 9th levels of urea production were recorded, while the profit from the industry was ranked first in the public nitrogen fertilizer business, indicating a strong cost advantage for the company, extending from urea to melamine. The melamine, commonly known as melamine, was a triazine-containing nitrous cyanide organication.
Combine, which was successfully produced in 1935 in the United States using the melamine method and is now usually based on urea. Melamine has non-flammable properties, water-resistant, heat-resistant, age-resistant, electrical arc-resistant, chemical-resistant, good insulation, photozine and mechanical strength, and is widely used in leather, paper-making, ceramics and cement dispersants.
The process is divided into high-pressure, low-pressure, and constant pressure, depending on the pyrolytic pressure of the melt urea. The domestic low-pressure urea cooling process is based on granular urea or liquid urea, with short processes, few equipment, low consumption, easy control, high continuity, automation, one-on-one fine, and the device can function steadily over a long period of time.
The advantages are evident after the optimisation of the low-pressure melamine method. Based on the digestion of home-grown technologies and advanced technology from abroad, Varuing Litt has improved on the shortcomings of the dry-capture re-fertilization process.
A unique low-pressure monolithic process. New process energy is lower, products are better in quality, devices are more stable over a continuous period of time. These include: (a) process processes are simple and reasonable; (b) unique cold crystallization techniques solve the problems of chillers and tubeline crystallization incomplete and post-crystal transfer; and (c) melamine resin sheets.
urea consumption of less than 3.1 tons; (4) product excellence compliance rate increased to more than 98 per cent; (5) reactor gas distribution units fully capable of absolute fluidization of catalysts; (5) internal heaters are more evenly distributed, bubbles are fully broken, bed layers are more homogeneous and efficient; (6) heat is reduced by heat-pressure techniques
The temperature differential of the cooler medium has saved the gas use of the smelting salt furnaces; (7) the process gas leaching technique has been used to increase the life cycle of the presses to about one year; (8) the cooler recleaning technique has significantly improved product quality. 2.1.2 Synthetic gas is the core feedstock platform
Gas is the key to the cost of synthetic ammonia-urea industries. The main raw material for urea is coal or gas, urea is directly upstream synthetic ammonia, the gas chain in synthetic ammonia production systems is the main component of production costs, gasification costs account for 60% of synthetic ammonia production costs, and gas manufacturing processes, especially gas furnaces, are chosen.
The gas flow bed process is an advanced process of gasification. Gasification is the process of producing carbon-related oxides, hydrogen, methane, using coal or semi-focal and gasification agents (mainly oxygen and water) that are not working in coal.
The process of decomposition into clean gas for industrial fuels, urban gas, and chemical feedstocks. The gasification process is divided into three types: fixed beds, fluid beds, and gas flow beds, depending on the state of activity of the fuel in the gas furnaces.
Powder or water slurry is oxidized at 1200-1700°C, and the temperature ensures the complete gasification of the coal. The use of pure oxygen can make the gasification process more efficient and avoid the dilution of the synthetic gas by nitrogen, and the heat of the synthetic gas produced is higher.
Gas raw materials shift from smoke-free to smoke-free. The raw materials required for the air-flowing bed process are mainly smoke-coal, with the lag in solidity. Ton, up from 31 per cent in 2018 to 40 per cent in 2022; urea-free coal-based aggregate supply side reform, clean-up of backward processes, increase in advanced processes, control of aggregates, new and old production capacity, etc.
Water-powder gasification is currently the most sophisticated gas-flow gas technology in the country. Water-powder gasification technology has been in operation in our country for more than 20 years, and is the most sophisticated in terms of the hydrogen content of the synthetic gas it produces, and has a great advantage in the synthetic ammonia industry, in addition to avoiding the possibility of dry-powder gas blowing in coal-powder storage.
Sex, which is also environmentally friendly, can also be used for slurry, etc., which is still the dominant technological route. Existing industrial ventilators include the Texaco gas furnaces, e-gas gas furnaces, the Juadong Polytechnics, multi-peer-to-peer water syrup furnaces (the Four Nozzle Gas furnaces), Qinghua stoves, the Shinhua stoves, and the North-West polyslump slurries.
The gas furnaces are the first to operate in the United States, the first to operate in industry, and they still operate in the northwest of my country. The HDR gas furnaces were developed by the University of Technology in Washington, China, and were the first large-scale application of the water slurry gasification technology in our country.
The process indicators for gas furnaces include, inter alia, oxygen consumption, coal consumption, effective gas production, carbon conversion rates, etc. These process indicators are not only influenced by the structure of different gas reactor chambers, but are also closely related to the coals used.
Research shows that the process indicators of the Wally Four nozzle gas furnaces are better than those of the Texaco gas furnaces. Because of the size of the four nozzles and the large size of the reactor, the coal particles stay longer in the reaction chamber and are more fully responsive, increasing the effective gas production is lower than coal consumption and higher than oxygen consumption.
By comparison, the effective gas component of the Wallian nozzle technology has increased by 2 to 3 per cent, which is 7.9 per cent lower than oxygen consumption, 2 per cent lower than coal consumption, and 2 to 3 per cent higher carbon conversion rates. Some 30 enterprises have adopted the technology, including the gas furnaces of the 2500t/d interior of the mine, which is currently the single furnace with the greatest capacity to process the technology industrialization.
Since 2005, 12 gas furnaces have been put into operation at the Texas base, accompanied by projects for synthetic ammonia, methanol, acetic acid, etc. The total gas capacity currently stands at 784.5 million nm3/h.
There are three routes to Texas Park gas. One route is for water gas to be completely converted through the first and second switching furnaces, and the raw gas to be converted into co2 and hydrogen, and then purified out of the trace.
Co, then sent to synthetic ammonia, adipic acid or ethanol. Water gas on the second route is divided into two parts: one part of the water gas is converted by subwires (heat changers and separators) to reduce the temperature of the water gas to 40°C, and the component is separated by a converted gas, resulting in a sub-level of 24-25% of the converted gas.
The other route is to convert the water gas by subwiring (heat changers and separators) to 40 °C and to increase the concentration of the coco by purification and transformer adsorption, which is used as raw gas for the production of silicon-based products. There is a gas gap of 162,000 nm3/h raw materials in the park.
The feedstock gas dynamic balance can be met by partial outsourcing of methanol and liquid ammonia to meet the production gas needs of plant-wide plant-based plant-based plant-based products without increasing the production capacity of raw gas throughout the field. 2.2 Quote “lines”: base synthesizing multiple intermediates
2.2.1 The extension of the chain of cytylated synthetic assistive industries plays a very important role in the company's development from "one single line" to "one multiple line", which refers to carbon monoxide and hydrogen, together with the presence and pressure of acetylene hydrocarbons under catalysts,
The process of generating a carbon-atomic formaldehyde, also known as an ellipsic reaction or a hydromethylization reaction, is dependent on the silicon synthesis platform for the development of several products such as butoconeal, acetic acid, carbonate dimethyl-ethylene.
Buttol, octanol in company products are based on butyl formaldehyde, which is produced with hydrogen reaction. Buttol is based on acetylene, carbon monoxide, and hydrogen gas, which is produced through the synthetic process.
The combination of acetic anhydride is done using the acetic acid methography method, which is the reaction of acetic acid and methanol to the production of acetic methylate, and the re-occupation of acetic acetic anhydride to the end. This method has the advantage of good quality products, low consumption, and low “triple waste” emissions.
Diol follows the hydrogenic method of dimethyl acetate, which is based on methanol, oxygen, no-based reaction to methyl ester nitrite, methyl nitrite and co-received with dimethyl ester (dmo) herbylate, and ethylene diol by distillation.
The base chemical of the platform cuts across the fertilizer industry. methanol, acetic acid, ethanol, etc., are very important node chemicals, and companies use synthesynthesis as an important technical tool for synthesizing gas, using synthetic gas as a source of methanol, synthesizing gas to produce ethylene glycol and using methanol as a feedstock.
Production of products such as dmf, acetic acid, acetic anhydride, etc.. Gradually enriched the wiring of chemical products, cutting across traditional fertilizer companies.
Up to 98,62 million tons, one of the most consumed chemicals. Methanol is now the largest downstream area of demand in the country, accounting for more than 53% of the demand, in addition to a large number of chemicals such as methanol fuel, formaldehyde, mtbe, acetic acid, dimethylether, bdo, methanol hydrogen, dmf, carbonate dimethylene, mma, etc., and chemical materials.
Production has been extremely widespread, and domestic methanol production continued to grow steadily in 2018-2022, from 81.78 million tons in 2018 to many mto units, such as XII, Sino-Angang, Ningxia Po Fonlusi Chemical Industries, which increased considerably.
Consumption of methanol. The rate of increase in consumption in 2020-2022 was affected by the epidemic, and the slowdown was relatively marked. Figure 18: Domestic consumption structure of methanol in 2022: 2.2.3 acetic acid: three major downstream exposures to multiple areas
Acetic acid, also known as acetic acid and acetic acid, is one of the most important products of the methanol tradition and is a well-known food additive. But the main applications of acetic acid are the production of chemical products such as pta, ethylene acetic acid, ethyl acetic acid, etc., as feedstock. Domestic consumption of acetic acid in 2022 was about 8.25 million tons, with a capacity of 10.550,000 tons.
In the year, the combined rate of increase in consumption is about 7.8% and the combined rate of production is about 4.5%. Acetic acid is used as a feedstock for producing products such as pta, acetic ethyl acid, ethylene acetic anhydride, etc. The company produces about 7.8% of the country ' s total capacity, pta, ethyl acetic acid and ethylene acetate, the three main downstreams. pta is the most important downstream of acetic acid and accounts for vinegar.
24% of downstream acid consumption, acetic acid being the solvent of its raw material, px. pta is the raw material of polyesters.
About 18% of the downstream demand is mainly for ink packaging, glue, medicine, etc. Acetic acid is also a raw material for the production of ethylene acetate, which is used for the production of ethylene acetate (eva), and ethylene acetate is an important production material for photovoltaic film.
In 2022, supply was affected by an overall weakening of public health events in the East of China, and domestic prices of acetic acetic acid fell. The price of acetic acid-methanol is currently falling.
2.2.4 Ethylene ethanol: The single largest-capacity device The company builds a single maximum-capacity ethanol device. The Wallau Henglium came into production in 2018 from the Far East.
The single largest synthetic gas ethanol technology (500,000 tonnes/year) has been developed. The device is based on low-temperature methanol purification gas and uses synthetic gas for indirect production of ethanol.
Hydrogen is further distilled to ethanol, which is one of the most important ingredients in the chain of detergent industries, consuming 2.79 million tons and producing approximately 2.51 million tons per year in 2022. It is used mainly for the production of long wires, short fibres of detergents, pets and anti-frozen fluids.
The company produced about 2.2 per cent of domestic production capacity in 2022, and in 2022 ethanol was a productive year, with industrial smelting, Guanghua Soyyo, extended oil, Xiaming, Xinjiang Guangjiang, Shanxi-jin, Zing-seok-seok, and Shen-seok-eok-eok-eok-eung, and various devices, such as ethanol-type enterprises, performing poorly overall at the demand level during the same period.
Since October 2022, the price difference between ethanol and methanol has been almost five years low. The company’s ethanol-related production has gradually shifted to products such as dmc.
On the basis of these products, the company has gradually gained a certain industrial advantage in a number of small tonnage species. dmf and organamide operations are based on methanol and synthetic ammonia feedstock platforms. Methanol and liquid ammonia reacts to methamine (a mixture of methamine, diamamine and triamamine) and are separated from the mixture.
Dmf is one of the products in the modern coal industry chain where the economic value added is higher, both for a very wide range of uses, and for a very wide range of good solvents. dmf is widely used for polyurethanes (pusals),
During the first half of 2022, the country ' s main production process, the Māori-co-sets, showed a pre-emption of Māori.
The decline has led to a sustained contraction in the supply-and-demand-affected sector of the market, with a sharp reversal of installation costs and a loss in the industry in four quarters.
In 2012, the company invested 160,000 tonnes/year of adipic acid, the primary starting material for which is pure benzene. The company began entering the aromatics industry. In the 10 years that followed, the company went down into the phenyl-cyclohexone/dididioxydiazine 6 products.
The product chain of the aromatic hydrocarbons industry is being linked to each other. Pure benzene-hexylamine-Nylon is becoming another pillar along with the synthetic gas-coalification industry.
Saturated cyclotone, non-colourable transparent liquids are the main intermediates for the manufacture of nylons, endemides and adipic acids and are important industrial solvents such as paints, especially those containing nitrofibrous fibres, vinyl chloride polymers and their copolymer or methacrylate polymer paints.
There are three main production processes for cyclohexone, water law, oxidation, phenol law, which currently accounts for the largest amount of tons and consumes about 3.9 million tons. The cyclohexone downstream sector is dominated by endemide, adipic acid, and industrial solvents.
A total of 73%, followed by cyclohexol ketone-hexadiate co-production devices, which account for about 25% of the consumption of cyclohexone, and industry, which consumes about 0.9% of the cyclohexone. The cyclohexone-hexexamide is more of a setup. Because cyclohexol ketamine-hexadiac acid is the second-largest production of diazine, the customer group overlaps with dmf. The hyphendipic acid is the second largest production.
An important organic binary acid with a structure of hooc(ch2)4 cooh. It is capable of salinization, esterification, ammonization, etc., and of condensing with dichloride or diol into high molecular polymers, etc.
The main differences are between intermediate products, cyclohexane intermediates being cyclohexol and cyclohexone blends, and cyclohexane intermediates being cyclohexol.
In 2022, domestic consumption of adipic acid was 1.33 million tons, domestic total production of adipic acid was 2.94 million tons, and the rate of start-up was low. Industry accounted for 2,295,000 tons of total capacity compared to the top five enterprises.
78.06%. At present, capacity is ranked first in Chongqing, with a capacity of 940,000 tonnes; second in the Gods and Horses group, with a capacity of 470,000 tonnes; and third in the Wallau Heunglium, with a capacity of 360,000 tonnes. The main downstream products are slurry, shoe bottom fluids, tpu, etc., which overlaps highly with dmf in the client group.
The main production process in the top 10 producers is cyclohexaketone ammonization.
Slicing, in 2022 p6 consumption accounted for 98.25 per cent of the consumption of oxymethamphetamine; a small amount of solids were directly used in the engineering plastics industry. In addition, in 2022, with the successful production of the Ning Charethehamine legal hydrazine device, oxymethamphetamine was added to the downstream consumption area.
Three costs are the best, leading by 3.1. I'm the one who competes without fear in the Red Sea. Most of the company's products are red-sea-like.
Primary chemicals are represented by a large number of domestic producers, and companies do not have a specific share or capacity model advantage.
The market as a whole is smaller than the above-mentioned products, but the company achieves a higher market share in the relevant areas based on the cost of scale, and the company is a major supplier in the industry.
Entering a new business area places great importance on synergies with the existing industry chains. From the selection of products in the company’s development history, companies enter the relevant industry chains more than the industry itself.
What is important is the synergy with the original business chain. When the company stretches down the existing chain to the downstream or the surrounding industrial chain, almost all of the products involved are connected to the supply of raw materials upstream or downstream, or to the gas-type products produced by the synthetic gas platform.
The first was the introduction of the acetylene chain; the second was the introduction of the acetylene chain; the second was the introduction of the acetylated, endylamide product into the pure benzene chain; the second was the further introduction of the amitraz-hexadine product line; and the third was the entry into the bdo-degradable product line.
The raw material supply relationship for intermediate products is embedded deep in the established synthetic gas-urea/methanol industrial chain, which gradually forms a complete and vast industrial chain map. The overall picture is “me-dominated, without fear of the Red Sea competition” with more than 3.2 efforts to build cost advantages.
The existing cost advantages of the company have accumulated over time with sustained efforts on many fronts. We believe that sustained efforts in the following areas have played a major role in the construction of the cost advantages of the company.
The early application of the national production multi-pesser technology in gasification. One of the first companies to apply the national multi-pesser, mouth-to-pesser water-pump gasification technology was implemented in 2001 through the company's Large-scale Nitrogen Fertilizer National Production Project. The technology is being studied by the University of Technology, Water Gasification, and the National Project for Coal Chemicals.
Co-operative development, through patent licensing and with support from the “XV” major technical equipment development project of the National Development and Reform Commission, was used for the national production of nitrogen fertilization by Hualu Henglex Chemical Co. Ltd. in Shandong, with the construction of a four nozzle-to-poll water syrup gasification unit at the end of 2004 (6.5 mpa, treatment of 750 tons of coal per day).
Four nozzle-to-set water syrup gas furnaces have the advantage of stable, easy to control, low water levels and good water cover, washing, cooling performance of cross-flow scrubbers. Synthetic ammonia is based on state-of-the-art technology. In synthetic ammonia, large synthetic ammonia workers are commonly used internationally for synthetic ammonia.
In the United States, the kbr process, the Swiss casale process, the Danish topsne process, the British ici process, and the United States Brown process.
Introduction of state-of-the-art technology for the country’s tangent. The Kuchang company’s large amino synthetic towers and the installation of key equipment, such as synthesizing cauldron cauldron cauldrons, combined with its own innovative and innovative fish scale barrel path distributions, a number of new technologies, such as thermal combination catalytic bed structures and catalysts, and self-dismantling, are digesting the basis of the architecture and technology that absorbs large-scale foreign pathways to the amino synthetic towers.
On top of that, optimized design is successfully applied to production; while its synthetic ammonia technology is economically active, invests in and recovers residual heat, among other key indicators, it has significant advantages. For example, the synthetic tower is structured in such a way that it has low investment costs, high response heat, high ammonia, easy installation and repair, high by-product vapour volume, high vapour grade, and high vapour grade.
Amino coolers use two levels of ammonia cooling, high pressure matching and low energy consumption in the refrigeration system. Soft water heaters are installed, cooling temperatures are reduced, heat recovery is improved, etc. urea is used as a home-grown five-ring engineering technique. Globally competitive urea production technology is mainly based in the Netherlands.
The domestic urea production technology is mainly based on the full cycle of water solutions, ammonia and carbon dioxide.
The application of CO2 vapour is the most widespread, and the improved co2 technology (efficient synthesis, low-energy urea process) is the most mature and reliable in China. The technology is characterized by: a unique proprietary device - the full condenser reactor - which can produce lower-pressure vapours with higher by-product pressure and improves the quality of the by-product vapour.
Reasonable use of energy; 2 high-pressure loops combined in two segments, operating under optimal operating conditions, with higher rates of synthetic transformation and reduced vapour consumption; 3 high-pressure condensed material combining gravity and power flow, synthetic tower floor configuration, full condenser reactor close to ground layout, equipment installation, operation and overhaul more easily; 4 fully cooling back.
The reactor effectively diverts the load of the synthetic towers, reducing the volume of the synthetic towers and making it easier for the devices to be larger; 5 has a simple medium-pressure cycle system that reduces the load of the high-pressure pylons and reduces the consumption of medium-pressure vapours; and 6 degrees use steam and steam condensers, which both reduce vapour consumption and reduce the consumption of circated cooling water.
3.2.2 Energy-efficient reduction is continuously optimized, and in addition to the bold introduction of advanced technology, Varuing Litt has itself been replaced by continuous technology expansion, energy-efficient reduction, environmental adaptation, national production substitution, and technological equivalents of older processes.
These measures continue to upgrade the old production facilities. This has also become an important technology management exercise for companies over the years. According to incomplete statistics, there have been more than 15 optimization projects on a scale since they were listed. The implementation of these projects has given rise to a steady increase in competitiveness.
For example, the ethanol conversion dmc project, where dmc produces derivatives of ethanol for companies, and in 2021, the company developed a new process and new catalytic techniques for the co-production of dmc from the ethanol production line on its own initiative through a pilot experiment.
In order to enrich the product structure and increase overall profitability, the company, on the basis of ongoing experiments, implemented a series of improvements in the production of 500,000 tons of ethanol per year. As the technology adaptation project is completed and put into operation, the package has a combined quality of 300,000 tons per year.
Dmc capacity. Currently, with the rapid increase in lithium battery consumption, there is a significant increase in demand for solvents such as dmc and methane carbonate as a solution for lithium cell electrolyte. In just over two years, the product contributes to the company ' s raw gas as an important input for a variety of products, including urea, methanol-cetic acid, ethylene diol, etc., no
For example, in Texas, the company currently has about 780,000 nm3/h raw gas production capacity. However, if work is done, it will be able to make the most of the economic benefits of market supply and demand and price fluctuations in intermediates and products.
Each project is fully produced, with a raw gas gap of 160,000 nm3/h. However, the production capacity of 1.3 million t/a synthetic ammonia, 700,000 tons methanol can be adjusted for the full out-purchase of synthetic ammonia, 3.25 million nm3/h raw gas, and 22.669 million nm3/h raw gas for the full out-sourcing of methanol.
Under the conditions of feedstock gas production capacity, the production of existing plant-wide plant plant-based plant-based plant-based plant products is balanced by adjusting the production of individual products by external purchase of methanol and liquid ammonia to reduce the use of existing plant-based raw gas, with a view to balancing the dynamic supply of and demand for feedstock gas.
In the case of dmf and urea production changes, in 2021 there was a 34% increase in the production of corporate organochlorine products compared to 2020, with no significant change in the production capacity of the products, while the production of fertilizer products decreased by 7% over the same period. The corresponding market price of dmf rose by 103% in 2021 compared to 2020.
The price of urea rose by only 11 per cent. 3.3 The efficiency of the system is so great that it's so low that it's good.
In terms of management, Wallu-Hun is also ahead of several business efficiency indicators. In terms of the comparable cost rates of 2018-2022, Wallu is significantly superior to the two coal-chemical companies in Henan and Xinjiang.
By 2022, the company had only 1.23 per cent of the three rates. Figure 35: Walluhein litres compared to the domestic coal industry III rates.
Figure 36: Wallau ' s three-tier structure of rates for stock turnover and accounts receivable is also the best compared to business days. 2018 - 2022, average stock turnover days ranged from 10 to 18 days, and most comparable companies ranged from 30 to 40 days.
In 2018-2022, Wallu Hisung-Il's per capita income was generated by the Rusy Chemical and New 4 initiative to develop a new 4.1 local high-end, and a new material for the layout.
During the 1450s, the company’s strategic approach to development was “local high-end, off-the-road” as important. In Texas itself, it continued to enhance core competitiveness by accelerating the upgrading of transformations and restructuring through the continuous “building of chains, strong chains, extension chains, stretching chains”.
The first-ever market for lithium electric solvent products in the month of 4.1.1 has been successful in the development of electronic-grade carbonate (emc) and carbonate diethylene (dec).
In January 2023, the company’s 300,000 tons of new energy car lithium cell electrolyte dimethyl-carbonate items were successfully put into production and produced excellent products, further consolidating the industry’s “lead” position. The company’s fast-acting layout in the field of electronic solvents took a huge share of the dividends of industry’s growth.
In 2022, 32% of the domestic market was for lithium phosphate in lithium batteries, and the new energy cell electrolyte industry accounted for dimethyl carbonate (dmc) as a low-toxic, environmentally sound, widely used chemical feedstock, which includes, among other things, battery electrolytes, polycarbonate esters, etc. The electrolyte is one of the four key materials for lithium batteries.
The main components are organic solvents, electrolytic lithium salt and additives. Lithium salt is a key part of the electrolyte, and the choice of lithium salt has a greater impact on battery capacity, energy density, power density, working temperature, circulation and safety. Solvents account for about 30% of the electrolyte cost, dominated by the use of carbonate solvents, including carbonic acid.
Dimethyl (dmc), diethyl carbonate, methyl ester carbonate, ethyl carbonate and acetyl carbonate, among others, are currently commonly used as five combinations of carbonate solvents, with the highest penetration of dmc. There are currently three main synthetic routes in the country: ester exchange, methanol oxidation, and urea decomposition.
The ester exchange method is divided into ethylene oxide exchange and ethylene propane exchange.
The expansion of the epoxypropane process route. The by-product of the ethylene ethylene exchange has problems with the difficulty of meeting the polyester level criterion, which has an impact on the economic efficiency of the production apparatus. 4.1.2 Further deeper into the nylon chain of industry
In October 2021, the company ' s project for an ammonium and nylon new materials was launched in the 300,000-ton/year antiamide project, and in April 2022, the company adopted a bill on investment in the nylon 66 high-end new material project, which proposes the construction of a 42,000-year anti-diamine device, 80,000-year nylon 66 device and 200,000-ton anti-dipic acid device.
The nylon 6 and 66 are the main end product layouts, based on pure benzene and adiamine as the main raw material. In accordance with the strategic plan for company development, the nylon industry cluster will be built with ketone as a link to extend and expand the industrial chain.
In July 2022, China, in cooperation with Xu Boqi Shangtenda, established a limited Department of Chemistry and Xinxing New Materials, a 200,000-ton/year butadiene sulfon device, successfully drove and produced its own product.
The country’s first patented technology for the autonomous intellectual property rights of the birconyl dichloride industry will contribute significantly to the overall development of the domestic industry, addressing the long-term neck-cracking of the nylon up to 66.
This is the first time in the company’s history of over 50 years that it has left its headquarters in Texas for large-scale investments in the field. Since the company’s decision to settle in Dakota, it has planned the park gas platform project, the synthetic gas integrated use project, 200,000 tons/year bdo-16 million nmp--
The 30,000/year pbat project, which is currently under construction, is expected to be fully located on the main coal corridor in the second half of 2023, covering the Southern Common Market (MERCOSUR).
A unique resource and regional advantage. The Hubei River Economic Development Area (the Coal Power Portation Industrial Park) is located in the heart of the Gang Han plain in the province of Hubei, and is located in the middle of the Yangtze River, which is the point of convergence between the railway coal corridor (the Monhua Railway) and the Yangtze gold waterway, which is located in 50 million tons of land.
The national coal storage base is located on the river mausoleum, which is an important node on the national “North Coal South” corridor.
Kilometres, designed as national railways with a planned annual transport capacity of more than 200 million tons. One-time construction and operation of the longest-run mileage railway in the world is currently the largest coal line in the country. Of this, 330.6 km is the length of the northern sector of the lake and 10 stations are located in the northern part of the lake.
The state base can be an important complement to the state headquarters in Texas to better cover the Chinese, Chinese, and Chinese markets. Compared to the main cities in Texas and China, the river mausoleum is a little far away from Shanghai, Nanjing, Ningbo, but the river mausoleum is close to Nanchang, Guangzhou, Quan, Fuzhou,
The cities of Wuhan, Changsha, etc. are close to 500 to 1,000 kilometers away from Texas. The launch of the Qingzhou project will greatly enhance the company’s ability to cover the Chinese and South China markets.
The planning and construction of the company's integrated state project is informed by and draws on the good experience of long-term coal-chemical industry in Texas, where the overall planning of the project, product programme design, technical selection of the main devices are very similar to that of the state's headquarters.
ethanol acetic acid is a “one-line, multi-head” layout for the main extension of the industrial chain, with flexible cogeneration, dynamic synergy as an important management tool, with low-cost as an important competitive advantage.
The first phase of the project, which is expected to cost a total of 46 billion yuan in the economic development area of the Yangtze River. The first phase, 2020-2023, is the development of a coal-efficient conversion platform to produce key platform-type products; The development of high-end products, with a significant increase in the value of business unit investment.
Some 23.4 billion people were invested in acetic acid and downstream products, endamide, nylon 6, nylon 66, pbat, pga, carbonate dimethyl, acrylic acid and esters, mma/pmma, polymethyldehyde, tons/dmf per year, 200,000 tonnes/yearbdo, 30,000 tonnes/year pbat, 160,000 tonnes/year nmp, 160,000.
Tons/year melamine resin, 800,000 tons/year ammonium carbonate. Total investment is approximately $15.6 billion.
A total of four gas furnaces were installed in gasification units (3 units x 1 unit, with coal delivered at 3000t/d). The construction projects were made from high-quality coal in the Xiaxi forest area, mainly transported to the plant via the Monsi-China railway.
These are synthetic gas, steam, high-pressure nitrogen, etc., and by-products are liquid argon, liquid oxygen, liquid nitrogen.
Production of synthetic ammonia for liquid ammonia and co2 for urea; production of acetic acid, n,n-dimethylamphetamine (dmf) for crude synthetic gas; and production of by-products of methamine, methamine, sulfur and food as follows: (1) production of synthetic ammonia on a scale of 1 million tonnes/year, at 28.6 million tonnes/year.
The liquid ammonia product is used mainly as a raw material for downstream urea production and dmf, and the remainder as a product for export. The synthetic ammonia process is the NAC synthetic ammonia technology. (2) The urea main device uses the Chinese Five Rings Engineering Co. Ltd.'s “efficient synthesis, low-energy urea process”; and the large particle unit uses China.
Ruhengl's proprio mound technique. (3) The methanol device is the production of saturated monool using synthetic gas. The total size of the saturated monool unit for this purpose is 800,000 tonnes/year, with the production of saturated monool being used mainly as a raw material for acetic acid fittings and dmf devices. (4) The acetic device is high from the production of methanol products and deep-cold separation processes.
Pure co-synthetic acetic acid, produced on a scale of 1.25 million tonnes/year. The acetic acid device produces acetic acid using domestic low-pressure synthesizing art. The acetic acid device consists of catalyst preparation, acetic acid synthesis, acetic acid precision, tail gas absorption, etc. (5) dmf device is a saturated monool and liquid ammonia synthetic methamine (I, II, III), among which
Tons/year trichloride. Advanced process of “low pressure synthetic organamine, exposure production dmf” using the autonomous intellectual property rights of WaruHinl. 4.2.3bdo chain to be degradable.
1,4-butadiol (bdo) is an important organic and fine chemical feedstock and is widely used in medicine, chemicals, textiles, paper, automobiles and day chemical industries. Bdo can produce tetrahydrofurans (thf), polybutylene dibenzoate (pbt), gamma-butane resins (gbl) and polyurethane resins, paints and plasticizers, and so on.
For solvents and plating, for example. In the last two years, as a result of policies such as national plastic limits and restraining orders, pbat downstream is expected to present a blow-out development in the construction capacity, while the traditional primary downstream chains of ptmeg-amine, gbl-nmp are expected to expand significantly, with a significant increase in bdo production in the country.
The production process in bdo consists mainly of: reppe, based on formaldehyde and acetylene; epoxypropane, based on epoxypropane/propylene; or anhydride, based on n-butane/anhydride.
The coal bdo process is growing year by year. The company's choice of process route is made from electrostone. In 2022, the total production of the country's bdo was 1.9 million tons.
High-volume products include ptmeg, pbt, gbl, pbat, tpu, ptpow, etc., and at present ptmeg still has a high demand of 51%, followed by pbt, gbl/nmp, 22%, 16%, and pbat, tpu, pu, 1.7%, respectively.
The pbat industry, as a new star downstream in bdo for the last two years, is now planning to produce a higher output of pbat.
Over 4 million tons. But in recent years, demand and production performance have been weak. Much of it has been constrained by higher costs, low end demand, low productivity in production firms, and delays in the start-up of new production.
The impact of high prices of key raw materials, such as bdo, is high and pbat costs are high. By the second half of 2022, pbat costs have declined significantly, which has contributed significantly to the expansion of their downstream applications.5 Profit forecasting and investment proposals
5.1 Profit projection assumptions related to business segmentation: (1) company Texas base-related products are largely fully produced; Xingzhou base-related projects were launched in 2023 at the Gon Company as a leader in the coal industry in the areas of fertilizer, organochlorine, acetic acid and derivatives, and new
Products such as materials, where the value analysis of companies is based on a market gain method, the company selected to compare the company with the company's main company is the leading industry in the coal industry, which, by focusing on synthetic gas, has formed a “multiline” industrial layout in the direction of fertilizer, organamine, acetic acid and derivatives, new materials, etc., and has developed a broad-ranging approach to advanced processes.
Courage adoption and sustained optimization creates a unique cost advantage in a variety of products, and companies have a very high degree of managerial efficiency and a significant competitive advantage in the industry. The company’s first project out of Texas’s headquarters, the Jingzhou Coalification Facility, is the largest investment project in the company’s history and will be launched in the second half of 2023.
It is hoped that the successful model of the coal industry chain will be replicated in different places, and the company will grow rapidly. In addition, the company will enter the new energy track through products such as dmc, and will upgrade the company’s products and customers by improving the nylon industry chain. We look forward to the company’s future growth, covering it for the first time, with a “recommend” rating.
1) The company has a power platform project, a synthetic gas integrated use project, a meth resin project, a bdo-nmp-pbat industrial chain project, and a large number of projects, such as the nylon and hyne amide project and the high-end solvent project, at the Texas Ministry.
2. The risk of increased competition in the industry if the pace lags behind the expected impact on the company’s performance. Many new products such as urea, acetic acid, dmf, adipic acid, melamine, etc. are larger or have a greater impact on the industry’s productive capacity, resulting in increased industry competition.
(iii) The risk of rising prices for raw materials such as coal, which is the company’s main raw material, increases in coal prices or will result in a narrow margin of profit for the company and pressure on performance.
4) Risk of litigation. The company is involved in the intellectual property rights of Sichuan and Séré Chemical Co. Ltd.