The Center for Resource and Environmental Research has made a significant contribution to the release of new production lines and price increases, with q3 exceeding expectations.
The net profit was 508 million yuan (year-on-year + 75%), of which q3 1 month net profit was $246 million (year-on-year +220%, ring +62%) and performance was better than market expectations. New lines of production and optical glass products boosted q3 profit significantly: the company was located in An Qing Fengyang.
In late April, the third 1,000-ton daily molten production line was set on fire, and in accordance with the normal climb rate, we expect the line to be largely full during the q3 period, raising the company's single-season light glass production by more than 20%. Meanwhile, the main market price for the 3.2mm light glass is from September.
With the combined contribution of production costs and product structure, the company ' s q3 single-season Māori rate ring rises by 5 pct to 33 per cent, while the q2 high company ' s R & D costs return to normal levels at q3 and eventually led to the company ' s 2010q202.
Q3 performances are beautiful and outpaced by market expectations. Industry status – the Fullet Incident Review – short-term light glass supply and demand are tight, and effective supply growth in 2020 is largely in line with demand growth projections.
3. `Efficiencies in new productive capacity q1 growth, debt swaps are expected to remain relatively high: since the September price increase, major business orders and outgoings have been well maintained, some small-scale orders have been traded above the mainstream price of $1-2 and business stock maintained.
As the country enters the heating season, natural gas 5. "Photoglass taps, productive capacity releases reboot growth -- price hikes, and the probability that the price of photovoltaic glass will rise again at the cost.
In 2020, despite the higher number of new production lines planned for production, according to our statistics and measurements, the actual supply of effective glass increased by about 25 per cent in 2019 on the same basis as we did in 2019, taking into account the increase in the supply of the same product at the point of completion at the point of completion at which the production was completed at the point of completion at which the new production line was effectively supplied.
Given that the company's new production line is slightly more effective than expected in terms of profitability, and that the cost levels in the scale expansion are well controlled, and based on the assumption that the price of light glass will remain stable until the end of this year, we have made a small upturn, and we've made a few changes.
We have moved the a-unit rating from “uptake” to “buy-in” while maintaining the h-stock “buy-in” rating.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment