FLET (601865): Photovoltaic glass track.
Fort Glass Group is a summary of the current incident in the country, which, according to a November 21 official announcement by Drogen News, is planned to upgrade one of the main light glass companies to create one of the two houses, with the exception of light glass, the company's main business.
The product also includes floating glass, engineering glass and home glass, a reference price of 3.2 mm light-voltage glass to 29 yuan per square metre in December, a further increase from the current average price of 28 yuan per square metre and the construction of solar photovoltaic power plants and the opening of quartz deposits.
This is the third increase in prices during the year, when the price of 3.2 mm film plating reverts back to the pre-policy impact of 531, forming a more complete industrial chain. The company’s photovoltaic level in April 2018, when the price of photovoltaic glass rose, also heralded an overall recovery in the demand for photovoltaic machines.
Glass products are the country's first, and the world's fourth, certified company by the Swiss Sspf, with good branding in the industry, and industry attributes to building a high-quality track of light glass. The high barriers to light glass in the industry and the advantages of scale make it possible.
The effects and industry status, which is the only two in the country that have ever increased their concentration, are now strong with Frett's double-hatting, and the market is home to one of the companies with 1,000 tons of production/daylines.
Controllative, which also determines that the whole industry will not be blindly overcapacityed and that the price of photovoltaic glass will remain strong for the next two to three years. Moreover, photovoltaic glass is a capital-intensive industry, and light is a major issue for the next three to six months:
The company announced that it was investing in an expected 21-year period.
With the release of 2400t/d capacity to apply for public release of remoldable funds, the company’s total capacity will reach 9690t/d in 2021, after the project is successfully released. Our photovoltaic capacity is now at par, while the traditional and emerging markets abroad are active, and the demand for photovoltaic machines is high in the city.
With high demand stimulating, companies are now in a state of real production capacity full of loads, expanding production capacity, and higher-than-expected profitability. Companies take a variety of measures to reduce production costs and maximize the advantages of scale, and we predict a unit cost share in light glass 2019-2021.
The likelihood of a fallback is small, and the company will rise to a higher level of profitability, increasing its ability to make a sustainable profit. And 13.23 times. Maintain a “very recommended” rating.
FLET (601865): Plumbing glass track is good, companies are very profitable on a continuous basis.
The light glass industry has high industry barriers due to the technical difficulties of products, high levels of customer certification, long production-line construction cycles, high scale effects, etc. Business pre-eminence, and the Matthews effect, which, after more than a decade of development, has developed into a two-field pattern dominated by luminous light and Foleyt, with two companies accounting for nearly 50 per cent of industry ' s output by the end of 1919 and a further concentration of industry in the future.
According to the properties of the glazing industry, this unshakeable double-hatting pattern will continue firmly, with a stronger price voice and market control than a competitively competitive, fully competitive market. So there is a good degree of control between Shinyo and Fullet over the overall output of the industry, and there will be little overcapacity as a result of blind expansion, with future demand for the luminators, and the price of the luminous glass remains high.
Photovoltaic glass is more demanding for capital inputs than other links in the photovoltaic industry chain, technological routes are stablely and rapidly updated, product life cycles are long enough to remain mature for long periods, while products remain stable during maturity, input output is greater than profits. Such product characteristics also allow businesses to remain sustainable and profitable, and once pre-existing advantages are established, firms will become continuously competitive and not easily able to become competitive.
New technologies and new business alternatives. 2. Expansion of production, high levels of sustained profitability, 2.1 light-voltage market heat, investment projects to ensure expansion of production capacity.
The price of this round of light glass has also shown an overall recovery in the demand for downstream jets, and the pessimism of the domestic market is expected to subside. The off-sea market has always maintained its bright performance, with countries like the United States, Japan, Germany, and others steadily increasing their loads, long-term profits, and the financial and intellectual boom in the East.
East Hing Securities Co. reports Fulett (601865): The high quality of the glazing glass track, the company ' s excellent continued profitability, and emerging cities such as Vietnam, India, Australia, etc. have also grown rapidly in recent years, and the global need for loading is hot.
Stimulated by high market demand and the large supply gap that will remain in the future, the expansion of company capacity has begun to increase since 2017, and according to current production, all production lines are fully occupied and there is an urgent need to further expand their capacity. With the launch of the company ' s ipo investment project (1,000t/d*3), the company ' s market for light glass increased by 18.37 per cent in the first half of 2019.
There is still a gap of 31.91 per cent of Shinrikyo, so the implementation of this revolving debt collection project (1200t/d*2) will further enhance the entrepreneurial capacity, helping companies to keep pace with the growth trend of the industry, narrow the gap and consolidate the market position in the light glass sector.
2.2 Working to lower costs, the margin of profit is higher than expected, with the expansion of the company ' s productive capacity, the advantages of new energy investment are evident, especially in the case of the current transferable fund-raising project, which raises the line of production from 1,000 t/d to 1,200 t/d. Large-scale kilns can further reduce combined energy consumption and the cost of products. In addition, they can be used to the maximum extent possible.
The advantages of scale are that companies have also taken a number of measures to further reduce production costs, such as building plants in Viet Nam to make fuller use of direct raw materials and labour costs such as pure alkaline, quartz and sand, which are relatively low prices abroad, and using efficient alternative sources of energy such as natural gas to mitigate the cost pressures of oil price fluctuations and lower fuel costs. Based on the cost structure of the products announced in the company bulletin, we project corporate light for the next three years.
There's still some scope for a drop in the unit cost of the glass, as shown in table 1.
FLET (601865): The high quality of the optical glass track and the company’s continued profitability The rapid development of the photovoltaic industry and the successful release of the company’s future productive capacity will lead to a year-on-year increase in corporate sales, and a wide range of measures to promote cost reduction, coupled with a very low probability of a substantial fall in the market price of the smooth glass, will also lead to improvements in the company’s level of Maori.
There will be an upswing in speed, and sustained profitability will continue to increase during the period of opportunity for a quantum lift. Table 2: Photovoltaic glass sales and Māori forecasts demand for photovoltaics is not as high as expected; corporate capacity is not released as expected; and corporate costs are falling short of expectations.
East Hing Securities Corporation, FLET: The bright glass track is good, the company is very profitable, the source of Eastern wealth and prosperity.
East Hing Securities Co. reported Fullet (601865): High-quality optical glass track, high-profit company sustainability B.A., Shanghai Transport University, ba (financial direction) University of Manchester, joined East Hing Securities in May 2019.
Guest speaker at the Swedish Green Transport Congress 2018 Bachelor of Science, Nuclear Science and Engineering, Qinghua University, and formerly at the Nuclear and Radiation Safety Centre of the Ministry of Environmental Protection for Nuclear Safety Review, Research Assistant Profile
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Company, Fulvert: The smooth glass track is good, the company's continued profitability is excellent, and there is no guarantee that the information and advice it contains will not change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points and conclusions in the text are clear.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.