In the evening of 18 March, the company issued its annual report for 2021. This was due to, inter alia, the increase in the number of purchase orders for businesses and the increase in the number of sub-signs for deliveries.
During the reporting period, companies gradually cut off financial services, contracted software, accelerated cloud transformation, and structurally strengthened subscriptions. Corporate-owned cloud services and software generated revenues of $8,641 million, an increase of 15.7 per cent over the 15.7 per cent.
In terms of Māori, the Māori rate for cloud services and software was 60.2 per cent, an increase of 0.2 percentage points from the previous year. In addition, the key indicator for cloud operations arr reached $1.65 billion, and the liability of cloud subscription-related contracts increased by 79.0 per cent on the same basis and generated revenue for company subscriptions.
We believe that moving from a traditional licensed business to a cloud-subscription phase, as revenue becomes certain, would result in a short drop in revenue growth and profits, but would smooth corporate business income into a longer one.
The rapid growth in indicators such as the liabilities of arr and cloud subscription contracts indicates a further acceleration in the pace of corporate transformation, as well as the progress of corporate transformation. Research and development investment continues to increase, with short-term pressure on cash flows.
Point. The company significantly increased its research and development staff to 7693 in the reporting period.
With an increase of 1,446 people at the beginning of the 21st year, the product is further sharpened, and with the friendly bip cloud, the station has covered 10 major areas, building more than 2,300 business service application models, providing more than one.
50 smart models, over 1,000 analytical applications. With respect to cash flows, because of research and development personnel, we believe that further increases in corporate research and development inputs to the yombip platform will improve product competitiveness across the board, looking at long-term development prospects.
During the reporting period, companies gradually promoted subcontracting outsourcing, upgrading direct distribution systems and building eco-partnership systems to take over the market. In terms of paying users, companies added 193.2 million customers to pay for cloud services, removing financial uniforms.
In the area of ecological construction, companies have increased their use of "friends-bip" as a means of nuclearizing Sindha securities.
Eco-building roads. By promoting strategic alliances, integration and integration, cloud markets, services centdosecuritiesco., ltd integration, platform-operated integration strategies, five eco-systems, cooperative business partners.
In Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in the West Side, in the 9th Street, in the 1st Hall, in the 2,200 houses, in the 970 of the Isv partners (including 530 of the Free and Fast Isv partners), in the cooperative banks, in the 1,700 houses, in the Yonstore, in the Yun market, in the 10,000 houses of the partners.
Over 15,000 products, 126 marketed products. We believe that companies are seizing market opportunities, continuously increasing competitiveness in various markets, with significant growth in cloud-paying groups, and by strengthening the “platform plus eco” combination of ecological construction with “friends” as its core.
There has been a steady increase in knowledge and influence. Focusing on large business markets, there has been a steady increase in the value of mega-client contracts. \triangleright was seized by companies during the reporting period.
Taking advantage of the intellectualization of large clients and the creation of national production opportunities, large client markets achieved revenue of $5.870 billion, an increase of 17.0 per cent in the same year, with cloud services revenue of $3.734 billion, an increase of 45.4 per cent in the same year. Large orders above the dollar increased by 45 per cent in the same year, exceeding 10 wholes in the first level of the company.
The physical contract broke out, and the operation of the vertical technology resolution program in finance, telecommunications and electricity, tobacco, automobiles, etc., was successful in contracting clients such as space technology, the State Development Investment Group, Guang Da Bank, the Postal Savings Bank of China, and Galaxy Securities of China.
The yombip flagship editions 202102, 202105, 202109, 202111 were released, and ncclud achieved all of the minor quantitative upgrades. We believe that companies continue to grind their platforms and products, strengthen large market positions, and achieve higher-end market stability in the context of the intellectual transformation of the continent.
Long, mega-business services have a strong market advantage, and it is expected that large markets will continue to have stable incomes in the future Structured strengthening of medium-sized market operations and product portfolio advantages are highlighted. During the reporting period, companies continued to expand their medium-sized market booms, with medium-sized markets earning 907 million yuan, a 13.0 per cent increase over the same period.
Millions of dollars, a decline of 20.4 per cent in the same year, for products, yonsuite 202109 standard and professional editions, successful listing, significant improvement in product performance and batch coverage and promotion of potential customers, 3,000 new clients throughout the year; and u9cloud, successful signing of the `new and specialized' flagship.
u8cloud focuses on modern services, tradables, real estate construction and process manufacturing.
A number of well-known companies, such as the Yojiang Xindang Agricultural Group, Daphne Investment Group. We believe that the company captures the market for medium-sized customers through a mix of yonsuite+u9c+u8c products and increases market coverage through promotions, channels and eco-partnership systems, and future medium-sized market uniforms.
Small micromarkets are on a full-scale transition to cloud business, with high rates of user growth. Companies are pursuing cloud priorities, subscription priorities, and controlling affiliates have increased their share of cloud business revenue from 46% last year.
In terms of revenue, the company MSMEs market achieved $595 million, an increase of 15.7 per cent over the reporting period, of which cloud services revenue was $509 million, an increase of 111.2 per cent over the same period.
Last year's growth was 201%, with a total of 397,000 users of services in cloud operations. In addition, according to the Specialized Analysis of China's Small and Micro Enterprises' Cloud Trench Market 2021 published in the English version of the report, the smooth and fast accounting was ranked first in the combined strength of the cloud's tax service providers, and the smooth and smooth accounting was ranked first in the cloud's tax market coverage.
One. We believe that the growth in the number of customers in MSMEs is significant, and that the future is expected to maintain a high growth rate in MSMEs markets, using cloud subscriptions to consolidate their advantages, taking advantage of MSMEs markets, profit forecasting and valuation ratings.
The growth of the market is robust, and the market strength of SMEs has increased significantly. We expect companies to be 2022-Fig. 2: Net profits from the company and the rate of growth in the same year. Figure 3: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates
Figure 4: Main cost rates for companies Figure 5: The components of the company peband are not relevant, are not relevant and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.