The Subscription transition has been successful, and the process of nationalization has broken down.
▪ Events: A year-round business income of $8,932 million was achieved through the publication of the year's 2021 annual report, representing an increase of 4.73 per cent over the year; the net profit from deductions of $708 million was reduced by 28.18 per cent over the year, which is in line with my decline in income growth due mainly to business transformation and improved client structure.
Cloud + software revenue reached 8,641 million yuan, an increase of 15.7 per cent over the same year. Of this amount, $5,320 million was realized, an increase of 55.5 per cent, or 61.6 per cent, of the revenue from cloud + software, while revenue from software & software & business transformation and structural upgrading were affected by the following factors: (1) Xiao Xiao Xiao
The re-subscribeable fee model will have a short-term impact on income growth; (2) partner delivery impact, such as sub-signing, will result in a delay in the revenue recognition phase.
▪ Transforming to a subscription model: in large enterprise markets, the company's core product yombip has achieved breakthroughs in public cloud subscriptions in areas such as fee control, taxation, manpower recruitment, and synergy; in medium-sized enterprise markets, yonsuite has achieved public cloud subscriptions in the growing enterprise market
The scale of business has grown, with client size breaking out, with yonsuite adding nearly 3,000 new customers throughout the year; in the MSMEs market, easy access continues to lead the market, and cloud services revenue has increased to 86 per cent from 47 per cent in the previous year, successfully making the transition to cloud services.
In 2021, corporate subscriptions to arr 1.65 billion won were a highlight of the transformation of the company. Cloud services related contract liabilities were $1.580 billion, an increase of 45 per cent over the same period, of which the liability of cloud subscription contracts grew by 79 per cent, and the Ministry was divided into the continuing high rate of growth in company subscription revenue and the continuation of the corporate business income structure.
▪ Continuing the dominance of large customers, the process of nationalization is at a very high price: in 2021, the company provided more public cloud applications to large customers, breaking through a range of Chinese companies, including 11 first-class companies, such as the China Nuclear Group, the China Investment Group, the Space Technology Group, the China Movement, the Chinese Post, and the Chinese State Enterprise,
Private head companies, with a 45 per cent increase in the value of large orders above $5 million a year, with some clients signing over $1 billion, further expanding the company ' s leading position for large clients.
The company continues to maintain a clear ecological advantage within the industry, with three-quarterly reviews in 2021, in collaboration with the company: performances matched by over 2,200 business partners and 970 asv partners (including 530 smooth and fast Isv partners).
During the period, the number of new contracts rose by 2021-10-31, with over 370 professional service partners, over 1700 cooperative banks, over 10,000 in Yonstore, the City of Cloud Market Applications, over 15,000 in products and 126 in products listed on the market.
Powerful ecological construction will help companies better take over the market.
The size and quality of the company's revenues will be gradually and continuously reflected in the following time horizons. We see the development and performance of the Yonbip platform, which carries a friend's “platform” plus “ecological” strategy, and the maintenance of the “buying of Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., which has been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has an investment advisory board on securities.