A high-quality cloud transformation focused on the digital economy’s dividend, which was well received in 2021 on March 19, 2022, and a full cloud transformation.
\triangleright dollars, a 28.2% drop from the previous year, generated $8,641 million from the 21-year "Cloud+Soft" with the same growth, high-quality cloud business development, and high-performance income subscriptions. The current strategic direction of friends is clear.
\triangleright is a comprehensive focus on cloud transformation. From 21 years of success, subscriptions have achieved high-quality development: arr to $1.65 billion, a 98 per cent increase from 21h1; cloud subscriptions have a liability of $850 million, a year-on-year increase.
Seventy-nine percent. High-quality cloud transformation is the key to the success of the saas model, with the company increasing its revenue rating over 21 years, the process is going well, the company maintaining a strong growth in cloud operations with high-quality development, with the overall cloud revenue rising by 55%, or 59.5% of the total.
Large-subscription tests, shut-down software operations will affect the current period’s visual data to a certain extent, adding companies to the financial plate, thus increasing the overall income by 4.7% by a single digit.
\triangleright Small Business adopts different strategies: 1) In the market for mega- and large-scale enterprises in the core niche areas, companies continuously grind strategic products yombip, 4 versions of which have generated revenue of 3,735 million in 21 years for large corporate cloud services
(b) Faced with the blue-sea market for medium-sized enterprises, the company introduced heavy-pound products in 21 years, product u9c, special and new markets for dynamic medium-sized enterprises and achieved a good breakthrough, with revenues of $393 million for medium-sized enterprises throughout the year, an increase of 150 per cent in the same year; and (c) to micro-enterprises, the company is fully committed to promoting public ownership.
The cloud pattern, which accounts for $509 million a year-on-year growth of 111%, and is largely dominated by high-quality public cloud subscriptions, provides a strong boost to corporate arr growth. The digital transformation curtain opened, with a surge of momentum in 2022.
\triangleright 1. Alumni network (600588) event review: positive closing for strong subscription income growth. Vision 2022, in digitalization, national production.
On the one hand, the number 2. Use of a friend network (600588), which reports on the use of a friend's network.
The economic, Russian and Ukrainian conflicts are expected to accelerate the process of digitization and nationalization of large enterprises; on the other hand, companies are using the Friends Network (600588), which reports for the three-quarters of 2021.
The cloud transformation dividend will continue to be released over 22 years.
Queries: The cloud transformation is accelerating further, the product is being grinded continuously, and there is room for upgrading. Therefore, the “recommended” rating is maintained.
\triangleright slides; onbip production is not as advanced as expected; methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, independent and objective production of the report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.