Research assistant Zhou Gao Dynasty: On January 25, 2022, the Friends Network issued an announcement setting the price of the current issue as a requisition for a purchase order and finally targeting 17 persons. The company raised $5.298 billion in funds.
Participation of foreign institutions such as Morgan Stanley, j.p. morgansecuritieslc, jpmorganchabank 17.19 per cent; participation of large funds, securities companies and other countries such as Alfonda, Manchuria, Volkswagen, Hong Kong, etc. 36.33 per cent; and participation of Takagi, Koyun, Gowedong, etc.
Head private participation is set at 41.19%; the rest are national capital institutions such as the management of China’s assets. Foreign Minister’s subscriptions to large institutions in the country indicate recognition of the strategic development plans of friends in the erp industry, while increasing the institutional shareholding ratio and giving the company’s equity structure access
Further improvements. On the company side, the targeted build-up and end-of-life partners will invest more in the development of the bip, enhance the re-use of the platform and enhance the capacity of the product and service customers, and thus have sufficient incentives and resources to boost the performance of the company.
In 2021, friends were able to break through 11 of our first-level units. More than 50 projects were signed and many of them were replaced.
At the same time, developing the operation of the industrial Internet power provider platform, which is currently working to interface the current supply chain for Chinese enterprises, to match the demand of buyers and suppliers. In 2021, the trade in the Soyuz platform was up to 11,86 billion yuan, and the number of platforms traded was up to 600,000, promoting the growth of suppliers ' turnover.
Tomoe-Yung-Chu provides business access to the market, solves core claims such as procurement difficulties, business difficulties for suppliers, and contributes to business purchasing efficiency gains, enabling marketing growth, and full customer success. According to the user’s official disclosure, the user’s share in China’s market is already in the forefront.
On the industry side, the policy focus is intensely on digitization and nationalization, 1 and the Friends Network (600588), which uses friends in the digital economy.
Cloud computing is the infrastructure for digital transformation, and the core of the digital economy is data, and erp is the business depth report, the “use” platform, the important platform for industrial data storage. It is also the key bottom of other data-collection systems.
In “Friends” Ecology 2021-08-05, the ability and willingness of large firms to pay are the core user group of erp. In 2022, in the midst of the digital economy, friends will focus on “Great Finance Plus Supply Chain Plus Human Resources.”
Alumni Network (600588): Building up digital capacity for management, rapidly taking advantage of the digital transformation of the country's enterprises
Client management of the digital market and expansion of business digital demand.
As the number of customers of large firms rises, the public sector will be able to increase the number of customers of large firms.
The Division’s business delivery cycle is growing longer and the scale and quality of its projects are increasing, and the scale and quality of its income will continue to be reflected in the following time horizons. We see the development and performance of the Yonbip platform with its friends + eco strategy and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board