• Focus cloud transformation strategy (600588.sh) with a sustained increase in inputs and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating
Taking into account the continued growth in corporate R & D and market inputs, we maintain a firm ' s firm ' s 2021-2023 net profit forecast to increase steadily, with a high level of buy-in from well-known institutions, such as Takashi, totalling $5.298 billion.
Gic (340 million), 10,000 funds (300 million) and the Fédération du Fédération du Fédération (250 million), among other well-known institutions at home and abroad, highlight the recognition of corporate value.
The company raised $5.298 billion in additional funds, mainly to the Yonbip construction project (4.597 billion yuan), the 3-phase R & D centre construction project (628 million yuan) and the replenishment of liquidity and the return of bank loans (7343.51 million yuan). The construction of Yonbip will effectively support clients.
Business innovation, enabling companies to achieve their strategic goal of becoming the world’s leading corporate cloud service providers. • The digitalization of state-owned enterprises has been gaining momentum, and corporate development has taken on important opportunities. On the one hand, our 14th Five-Year Plan for Digital Economic Development has been published, which states that by 2025,
On the other hand, the digital transformation of State-owned enterprises is imperative. In August 2020, the State Council ' s State Finance Committee issued a circular on accelerating the digital transformation of State-owned enterprises, setting out the basis for the digital transformation of State-owned enterprises.
Corporate Information Update - High Growth in Cloud Operations, Directions, Priorities, and Initiatives. Companies, as leading firms in the domestic business services market, are expected to act as catalysts for a rapid breakthrough in large business areas.
In the first three quarters of 2021, the company signed a contract with the National Development and Investment Group, Space, the Corporate Information Update - Cloud Business Multiply, the Technology Group, the Chinese Post, and the China Ping Coal Group, among others, to take the lead on the poles.
Long, the big head business market has made a remarkable breakthrough.
Reactions 2021.8.3