— Friends Network (600588.sh) The 21-year main business, Cloud Plus Software, generated $8,641 million, an increase of 15.7 per cent over the previous year.
The 21-year performance (mainly cloud revenue) is slightly lower than our previous projections for the following reasons: Subscription revenue reduces the scale of current revenue. Companies are fully engaged in the transformation of traditional licensing to subscription operations, which are recognized on a time-to-time basis by users and will be used during the business transformation phase.
Subcontracting will reduce the amount of contracts. Corporate eco-strategy is further expanded, and progress is being made towards more delivery.
By the way, subcontracting would have had an impact on the company’s current revenues, but in the long run it would have had a positive effect on “reducing revenues.” Large-scale projects would have a long harvest cycle.
While performance is not as high as we expected, we still look forward to the use of the 3.0-11 strategy for the transition to cloud services, which focuses on strategies for the transition to cloud services, structural enhancement of subscriptions, strengthening of ecological construction, and promotion of subcontracting.
During the reporting period, the company was guided by a structural breakthrough in its high-quality business income, a comprehensive approach to its subscription strategy, a priority for the development of public-owned cloud subscriptions, and private guidance.
Cloud clients pay on a subscription basis, while at the same time increasing the examination of the Subscription Income Index, arr arr to $1.65 billion and the cloud subscription contract liability of $850 million, an increase of 79 per cent over the same period.
Integration strategies for strategic alliances, integration and integration, cloud markets, integration of services, platforming operations, 25 per cent more than the same year, over 15,000 more products in place, 25 per cent more than the same year, over 2,200 business partners, over 970 ISV partners and over 1,700 cooperative banks.
In the medium-sized enterprise market, with products such as yonsuite, u9clud, and in the “new and specialized” customer market.
A group of model clients, such as Jiangsu Fuda shares and Shandong nuclear power equipment, have been contracted to lead the industry in the micro-enterprise market, where it continues to be dynamic and focused in the fields of intelligence taxes and smart business.
Products, customer markets, ecology, and services have a greater advantage, with cloud revenues accounting for nearly 60% of revenue, leading to a transformation of the industry, coupled with a high growth in subscription income, and we maintain a “buy-in” rating. My research view. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There are market risks, and investors are determined to be legally qualified firms for portfolio investment advice. The funders should not simply rely on this report as a substitute for their own independent judgement, and should make their own investment decisions and assume their own investment risks.