The company managed to raise $5.3 billion through a non-public launch, bringing in a number of well-known investment agencies.
Of these, hhlr Management Ltd. was assigned 1 billion yuan; gicprivatelimited $344 million; jpmorganchasebank, nationalassociation, 288 million; ubsag, 223 million; and Shanghai Takai Asset Management Partnership (limited partnership)
400 million dollars; Morgan Stanley International Ltd., J.p. Morgansecuitiesplc, respectively, will receive $200 million. The total amount of funds raised in this issue will be $5.298 billion, and the net amount of funds raised after the cost of distribution will decrease the debt ratio.
This structure has been optimized to provide effective guarantees for the company’s follow-up development. Mobilizing funds for projects such as yombip has helped to enhance the company’s profitability.
According to the company ' s announcement, $4.597 billion was to be used to raise funds for the construction of the yombip project using the friendly business innovation platform.
This fund-raising investment project has contributed to the enhancement of corporate comprehensive R & D and innovation capabilities, in line with public word-driven industrial change, policy-driven industry high profile.
Research-Friends Network of National Dollar Securities Corporations (600588.sh) 2021 3 Strategy for Resolute Promotion of Cloud Transformation, New Contract Guaranteed Future Sustained Growth Quarterly Review: High Quality Growth in Cloud Services 2021.11.01
Corporate intellectual transformation and nationalized orders continued to accelerate, with direct sales contracts for cloud services and software amounting to $4.83 billion in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 31.9 per cent over the same period.
1.18 billion yuan, or 41.5 per cent more than the biannual ring; the liability for corporate cloud service contracts was 1,304 million; by the end of the third quarter, the company had 837 million new cloud service payers and eliminated financial cloud service clients.
The cumulative number of clients paid for cloud services in households is 3,376,000, and Chang Yu Ting, a company that has been farming for many years in the traditional business management software area, has a strong business position; cloud services are a strategic developer.
The company is in a critical period of cloud transformation, with higher cost inputs, low net profit margins, high growth in cloud services, and maintenance of the company’s 2022 target of 13 times that of ps, corresponding targets.
The new coronary pneumonia epidemic has been repeated: cloud services have not moved as fast as expected: research and development and extension of new products have been less advanced than expected: brain drain: more manufacturers have entered the corporate cloud services market and industry competition has increased.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.