Large enterprise markets continued to expand, and the transformation of subscription patterns was marked by the release of the 2021 annual report on 19 March, using the Friends Network. In 2021, companies achieved operating income of $8,641 million in corporate cloud services and software operations, an increase of 15.7 per cent over the same period, with cloud services.
• High growth in revenues from cloud services and pressure on performance during the period of transition upgrading, based on a basic strategy for companies to reduce their software operations and accelerate the transition to cloud services, the profits of this year’s cloud are constrained by phased factors and the pace of growth is declining. On the one hand, the traditional licensing model is changing.
In the process of moving to the subscription model, income patterns were recognized to have an impact on corporate revenue in the short term, but when the transition was largely completed, it was conducive to generating more substantial revenue for companies; on the other hand, firms achieved rapid growth in large project orders in the second half of the year, owing to large projects.
The process of implementation is more complex and the corresponding delivery cycles are relatively long, leading to revenue recognition or delays. In the future, supported by a digital economy wave and its own technological strength, corporate revenue and net profits have been sustained by large enterprise markets and structured business outcomes have continued to emerge
By creating a national economy and a digital economy, the company actively opened up a large business market, and in 2021 it succeeded in winning a series of favors from China's nuclear, national investment, space technology and technology groups, and China's mobile companies.
More than 10,000 large orders grew by 45% over the same year, with some clients contracting more than 100 million yuan. Companies based on layered operating principles, seizing market opportunities, and consolidating their leadership. Large enterprise markets, the company’s core product, yonbip, have achieved public subscriptions in areas such as fee control, taxation, manpower, etc.
A breakthrough growth in services, with cloud services earning 3,735 million yuan, or 45.4 per cent more than the previous year; the medium-sized enterprise market, with companies targeting new and specialized clients, with nearly 3,000 new customers in yonsuite, with cloud services earning 393 million yuan, an increase of 15.3 per cent.
High growth in publicly owned cloud operations in the fiscal and commercial sectors, with revenues from cloud services amounting to $509 million, compared with an increase of 111.2 per cent. • Strategic product plus investment in R & D, with significant transformations in the subscription model
The company's core product, lonbip, has completed four versions, cloud platform capacity has been further enhanced, new company depths - new blue seas for corporate cloud services, business innovations, 193.2 million customers for cloud-raising services. yonsuite products, with a two-week iterative cycle, are already available.
The New Platform for Shaping the Future 2020-8-25 capacity provides more than 20 industry solutions, with clients covering more than 30 industries. In addition, the company is working on 2.
u9cloud, for medium-sized and large-scale manufacturing enterprises, with a variety of cloud services including manufacturing, assessment reports _ 21h1 cloud operations, top-heavy response chains, project management, etc., with a focus on the high quality of new and specialized client groups
In order to achieve a high-quality breakthrough in the income structure, the company insists on a priority subscription strategy and actively induces clients to pay for their subscriptions. This year’s paradigm shift has been realized, subscriptions are now growing at a high rate, cloud services at arr at $1.65 billion, an increase of 79.0%, and cloud subscriptions.
In the wake of a wave of national production and digital economic policies, companies have continued to open up large business markets, promoting a shift in public cloud penetration and subscription patterns.
The impact of current and transition income has subsided, and corporate revenue is expected to grow at a high rate. We expect that the company 1) has made a breakthrough in R & D less than expected; 2) policy support is less than expected; 3) project delivery is less than expected.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.