Accelerating cloud transformation and strong growth in cloud services - Yearly Report Review 2021 (600588.sh) committed to business transformation and restructuring, with revenue from cloud services growing by 55.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis
In 2021, the company resolutely promoted business transformation and restructuring, displacing smooth and easy payments and amniotic control a total equity share (millions of shares): financial services such as equity, actively shrunk software and accelerated cloud service transformation.
Market value in circulation (million yuan): $501 million. Sub-operations: 1) Cloud services and software generated a revenue of $8,641 million, compared with the increase in the same amount. High R & D inputs supported core application capacity and upgraded the organizational system to enhance business outreach.
With regard to R & D, companies have continued to increase their R & D investment, bring in relevant high-end R & D talent, enhance the platform and core application capabilities of cloud services products, continuously optimize product performance, invest 2,354 million yuan in R & D, and have developed and officially launched u9cloud for medium-sized and medium-sized manufacturing enterprises, with a focus on new and specialized manufacturing enterprises.
In terms of sales, the company continuously upgrades its marketing organization system, increasing its coverage and outreach to customers, and increasing its sales costs by 2,027 million yuan, a 31.7% increase over the same period.
The growth in subscription income continued at a high rate, and the overall growth in income was affected by the business transformation Completion of the non-public distribution and introduction of a number of well-known institutions (202.2.01.26 billion yuan, an increase of 79.0 per cent over the same period), which contributed to the continued high growth in subscription income and to the closing of corporate business income
A report on strategies in the computer sector, 2022, on the study of the bond industry: digitally enabling industrial change, policy-driven industries, 2021.12.11 million households, and the cumulative number of paid customers for cloud services for the removal of clients of financial cloud services is 43.8 million.
In parallel with the transformation and structural upgrading, the rate of revenue growth in corporate cloud services and software operations is also influenced by the following segmental factors: 1) shift of traditional licensed business to subscription business, relative to the scale and increase of current revenue
Rapid impact: 2) Progress towards implementation of more delivery through professional service partners, where payment sub-signs (contracts for delivery are signed directly by professional service partners with clients) have an impact on the company ' s current revenue while increasing the quality of the company ' s business structure; 3) Large project orders have increased rapidly in the second half of 2021
Long, the corresponding implementation delivery cycle has led to a delay in the revenue recognition phase.
Towards a rapid, long-term growth scenario. The company’s 2022-2024 battalion is projected to be in a critical period of cloud transformation, with higher investment in R & D, sales, etc., low net profit margins, taking into account the high growth of cloud services, maintaining the company’s 2022 13-fold target ps, corresponding objectives.
The new coronary pneumonia epidemic has been repeated: cloud services have not moved as fast as expected: research and development and extension of new products have been less advanced than expected: brain drain: more manufacturers have entered the corporate cloud services market and industry competition has increased.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.