The income structure transition has accelerated, the market has become more efficient, the computer/software development, the income structure has continued to progress, and the income growth has been steady. The company has generated $8.93 billion in revenue throughout the year.
Non-recurrent gains and losses are mainly recognized as investment returns for the sale of smooth and easy payments. Of these, $4 billion (+2.3%) was collected in the fourth quarter, $580 million (-42%) from the net profit of the mother and $580 million (-42%) from the non-patrimony. The overall Māori ring was 3.7 percentage points higher than in the third quarter.
With more than 10,000 orders growing by 53 per cent the same year, the pace of delivery has slowed, while companies have moved towards product-based outsourcing towards development, so real business has progressed better than it looks. People. At the end of the product, yonbip has covered 10 major areas, building more than 2,300 application models, yonsuite.
More than 20 industry solutions have been introduced at a biweekly iterative rate, with u9c taking over the medium-sized and large-scale enterprise markets. The quality of cloud business indicators has also been gradually raised: 1) cloud contract liabilities of $1.58 billion, of which 850 million dollars are associated with cloud subscriptions, an increase of 79%; 2) arr target of 1.65 billion dollars, a ring comparison.
The company has taken advantage of the opportunities in large corporate markets, achieving more than 10 corporate contracts at the corporate level, focusing on the Nuclear Group, the National Investment Group, and the Space Section.
TG, China Movement, China Post, Huaiang, Biadei, and others, China/private head companies, Yun and the semi-annual assessment of the AYN-6005888-2021: double growth in cloud operations and revenue from software totals $5.87 billion (+17%).
"Friends Network - 600588 - Critical Events Expedition: Deporting the Focused Clouds of the Alumni Foundation, implementing a combination of yonsuite, u9c and u8c products to capture “new and specialized” clients, making use of them in micro-markets." "Friends Network — 600588-2021 Quarterly Review: A steady improvement in the quality of business, cloud
In general, corporate market occupation has been effective, with 193,000 new cloud service payers and 438,000 cumulative cloud payers (excluding finance).
The income structure has continued to move forward, and income growth has improved steadily. Companies have achieved revenues of $8.93 billion (+4.7%) and recognized investment earnings for the sale of fast-disbursing shares. Of this, $4 billion (+2.3%) was collected in the fourth quarter, $580 million (-42%) for the mother and $580 million (-39.3%) for the parent.
Continuing improvement: 1) of which low Māori financial operations have been severed, the overall Māori ratio of companies has increased by 3.7 percentage points over the third quarter; 2) of which cloud+ software revenue has increased by 15.7 per cent in aggregate, with cloud services growing at a rapid rate, resulting from the faster growth of large orders in cloud operations in the second half of the year (over 5 million orders grew by 53 per cent over the same period).
The pace of delivery has been delayed, while companies have moved towards productization towards outsourcing of delivery, so real business has progressed better than expected. Figure 2: Alumni network operating income and growth (in billions of yuan, per cent)
The company leads the country’s cloud computing enterprise, with wide scope for future growth, and maintains a “buy-in” rating. Table 1: Comparable corporate valuation tables. Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author