With Friends Network (600588), 2021 reports focused on cloud transformation strategies, short-term investment to boost profits is under pressure 21 March 2022.
Events: The company announced its performance in 2021, with an annual operating income of $8,932 million, an increase of 4.7 per cent over the same year; The Focus Cloud Transformation Strategy, with a further increase in the share of income. The company ' s annual income was $8,932 million, an increase of 4.7 per cent over the same year, and the main business + software revenue was $8,641 million, an increase of 15.7 per cent over the same year.
Cloud operations generated $5.321 billion, an increase of 55.5 per cent, and continued to grow at a high rate of 61.6 per cent, or 15.8 percentage points, of cloud operations.
In the software business, the company focused on cloud service battles, increased short-term inputs, and the profit margin. The company returned 708 million yuan in 2021.
The significant decline is mainly due to the strategic expansion of R & D and the sale of inputs by companies over the reporting period around “strong products, markets, capacities.” Among these, firms have continued to increase their R & D inputs, adding 1,446 R & D staff throughout the year, with R & D costs increasing by 16.2% to $1.704 billion over the same period; the company continues to do so.
Upgraded marketing organization system, increased client coverage and business outreach, with 611 new sales personnel added throughout the year, with a significant increase of 31.7 to 2.028 billion yuan in sales costs over the same year. In cash flow, companies had a net operating cash flow of 1,304 million yuan in 2021, a 19.2 per cent decrease in the same year, mainly due to payments to employees.
To fully benefit from the digital transformation opportunities, it is hoped that more strategic inputs will take the lead. The business services industry has now come up with a number of good market opportunities for intellectualization, nationalization, globalization, combined with national policies to support the digital economy, and the process of digitization of enterprises is expected to accelerate, with companies serving as domestic clouds.
The software industry’s leaders are expected to benefit fully. At the same time, in recent years, companies have been expected to further expand their market leadership in the digital wave by increasing their investment in research and development (R & D), and the rating system’s “market index” reference is 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and within the limits of knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.