On the evening of January 25th, a new edition of the digital transition was launched, raising $5.26 billion to complete the build-up with friends.
\triangleright is bound to rise and bring in long-term investors. Focusing on the outcome of this increase, the company has introduced several well-known \trianglerights.
Investment agencies, including hhlr Management Ltd., Gic (Singapore Government Investment Corporation), have won an area capital, high-end assets, Chinese finance products, etc., of which the high-rises were given $1 billion, high-end assets, gic, and Hwa were given $4, 340, 280 million, respectively.
Focusing on strategic products yombip, determined cloud transformation. The company raised $5.3 billion in additional funds, \triangleright focused on the hard core product yonbip, launched by friends in 20 years.
Structures that focus on the target clients of mega-, large enterprises, and combine their own decades of information-based experience in servicing large firms, to lead them to digitalize. yombip is more advanced than traditional erp products, which, in addition to the bottom shelf, can provide companies with the ability to link up and down the industry chain, represented by friendly clouds.
In 21 years, online trading platforms have achieved $118.6 billion in turnover, making a real breakthrough in the transition from erp to the industry’s Internet. The digital economy is leading the next stage, with friends expected to play the role of “fronter.”
Key indicators identified in the \triangleright Economic Plan for the period 2025 are as follows: core industries in the digital economy increased by 10 per cent; software and information technology industries reached 14 trillion, or 11.4 per cent; industrial Internet platforms
45% coverage, currently 14.7%; the number of active users of online government services is 800 million, more than double the number in 20 years. Friends, as leaders of the country's erp, are able to digitize products from products development, production, production, storage, back-office management, and ecologically own the "intellectual" industrial Internet.
Taiwan leads the industry and is expected to become a leader in the digitalization of our enterprises in the next phase.
\triangleright 2. Use of the Friends Network (600588) 2021 tri-quarter review: cloud operations have increased in speed and quality and q4 tables are expected
The average value is 21/16 times, and the company's ps valuation has room for improvement. Therefore, the “recommended” rating is maintained.
\triangleright Review: Cloud transformation has accelerated further, products have been continuously grinded up and down; heavy-pound production yombip has not progressed as much as expected.
5. Research findings using the Friends Network (600588). The cloud transformation results are beautiful, fine management drives profit growth, methodology and analytical logic, and the present report is presented independently and objectively, with responsibility for its content and perspective. The study clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.