• Focus on cloud transformation strategy (600588.sh) with sustained scaling up of inputs and maintenance of “buy-in” ratings
Considering the continued growth in corporate R & D and market inputs, we lower the company ' s forecast of net return profits for 2022-2023. The historic opportunity of nationalization and internationalization is expected to accelerate growth and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
(1) The company released its annual report for 2021, which generated operating income of $8.932 billion, an increase of 4.7 per cent over the same period, and its services and software business revenue of $8.641 billion, an increase of 15.7 per cent over the same period. Of this, revenue from software operations continues to expand the advantages of large enterprise markets by capturing the intellectual and national opportunities of business.
Faced with opportunities for intellectualization and nationalization, companies break through the Nuclear Group, the National Investment Group, the Space Technology Group, and more than 10,000 large orders by 45 per cent more than the same year, further expanding the company ' s priority subscription strategy in the large corporate services market, with cloud services arr generating $1.65 billion in revenue.
Large enterprise markets, the company’s core product, yombip, in areas such as fee control, taxation, manpower recruitment, and synergy. Corporate information update reports – a steady increase in success – have led to a breakthrough in public cloud subscriptions. In the medium-sized enterprise market, yonsuite is growing.
Prominent agency subscriptions, 2022.1.27 The market has seen a scaling up of public cloud subscriptions, with nearly 3,000 new clients added throughout the year and the successful signing of Corporate Information Update - High Growth in Cloud Operations.
In the market for small and medium-sized enterprises, rapid breakthroughs in large-scale enterprises have led to a high rate of growth in publicly owned subscriptions in the fields of intelligence taxes and smart business.
Corporate Information Update - Cloud Business Multiplies Long and Large Head Business Markets Make a Visible Break