The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services focuses on cloud transformation, taking advantage of the opportunities of the IT and digital economy industry, beyond our q3 expectations, due to the smooth delivery and cost-effective management of corporate q4 projects.
Focus on the cloud and software business, with a structural breakthrough in revenue. During the reporting period, companies cut off financial services such as smooth and easy payments, ammortized holdings, proactively shrunk software operations, accelerated cloud transformation, structural growth, enhanced subscriptions, and advanced delivery subcontract outsourcing. Clouds + software generated $8.64 billion, y/y
1. `Step-level operations with 61.5 per cent of the value of ecological construction; subscriptions to arr 1.65 billion yuan, an increase of 39.8 per cent over the three-quarterly report; subscriptions to contractual liabilities; priority given to the development of public cloud subscriptions, with significant results.
In the semi-annual review of Friends Network, 2021.8.19 breakthroughs are oriented towards full implementation of subscription priorities.
45.4 per cent with a renewal rate of 103 per cent and a breakthrough review of the public cloud subscriptions for the core product yonbip, 2021.3.28 exhibition; a light quantitative upgrade of nccloud, with an overall contract of more than 10 corporate-level units, in finance, finance and finance.
Millions of yuan, y/y15.3 per cent, with a continuing rate of 73 per cent, and nearly 3,000 new customers in yonsuite; micro-enterprises, with a revenue of $509 million, y/y111.2 per cent, with a smooth flow of representative products; government and other public organizations, with a revenue of $684 million, y/y50.0 per cent.
The business innovation platform (bip) brings together its strategic partners, hoping to seize the opportunities of the IT and digital sector. Bip uses new technologies like mobile Internet, cloud computing, big data, etc. for the intellectual transformation of businesses, bringing together laas and asv partners to build ecosystems, with over 2,200 partners.
The Board has set up the Science, Technology, and Innovation Board to accelerate the development of the innovation industry, and the National Investment Commission has issued guidance to most central enterprises to develop a world-class financial management system. We look forward to the company’s client accumulation and cloud transformation in large corporations, predicting an accelerated transformation of the cloud business, with a 50% increase in the compound income of the cloud business over the next three years.
The 21-year improvements in corporate cost rates have exceeded our q3 expectations, thus lowering future cost forecasts, which are expected to fall short of expectations for 22-businesses; increasing market competition; and a lower-than-expected process of nationalization of high-end erp markets.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment