Three days have passed since the fire: Retail Retail Transition in Vision of Peace Bank Investment Rating: Purchase (first time) • Transition Process: Retail Transition is Good
Under the general theory of our retail transition, banks have undergone four steps: (1) retailing at the end of their assets; (2) retailing at the end of their liabilities; (3) diversification of intermediary operations; and (4) a virtuous cycle of operations driven by science and technology.
The share of retail assets in the transition of safe banks has increased significantly, the group has a natural financial and technological advantage, and the cost of the end-of-the-end of the debt, while not at all relative to comparable companies, has begun to fall. As wealth management has expanded, aum will drive deposits.
This further decline and the rapid growth of the middle income, which has led to overall business performance, has led to a virtuous cycle of firm prices compared to a 300-year-old trend. Overall, the transformation process of Peace Banks has passed through the jungle fog to see brightness.
Leisure breakout: Basic retailing, private banking and consumer finance go hand-in-hand through app-dips and wider living scenes, secure bank base retail customers growing at a high rate, with dynamic retail deposits and retail aum growing in size: professional finance managers in private banking are outnumbered.
Over 3,000 people, with a comprehensive and staircased product matrix, with a system of specialized services in areas such as education, medical care and so on, the number of private bank clients and corresponding aum are still growing at a fast pace; credit cards, consumer loans and automobile finance are all fast-growing through onlineization and easy-to-facilitating.
• Effort: Focus on strategic clients and micro-enterprises, industry and trading banking has a two-tiered mapping of “business excellence” at the operational level: restructuring and upgrading of assets and liabilities; middle-income ratios, in essence optimizing quality and saving capital. Operationally, it revolves around strategic clients and business.
Two groups of micro-enterprise clients, restructuring their lending structures to focus on priority sectors, while promoting the development of transactions around supply chain finance, paper business, cross-border finance, etc. Financial science and technology: group-based advantages
Safe banks rely on the Peace Group, which has a natural advantage in financial science and technology. In the transition, both retail and public, the core transformations are on-line + intelligence, which creates ecology, attracts customers, improves service experience, and reduces operating costs.
• Final stage: Lower cost of deposits and development of wealth management operations, promising higher cost of roe high indebtedness, putting pressure on asset allocation, and massive provisioning severely stifling net profits and roe. As the scene expands, aum size increases, retail deposit interest rates fall significantly, and this goes beyond
The sustainability of the process is expected to effectively reduce the overall cost of the liability and achieve a high rate of increase in the fee for wealth management, thereby facilitating the roll-out of the roe. The fast growth of retail customers and the increasing aum in size of the bank has led to demand deposits.
At the same time, it can lead to a high rate of increase in fees for wealth management, thereby facilitating the roll-out of roe. 1 Retail transformation: the transition to excellence in the banking sector, especially in the equity sector, often using retail transformation as a means of moving away from traditional business models and trying to ease capital.
Within the framework of the general theory of retail transition, we have found that it has achieved the retailing of assets; and that it has acquired the pre-existing financial and technological advantages of the Peace Group;
The dynamic development of private banking and wealth management operations will promote diversification of the middle business and improve the structure of indebtedness, reduce costs and achieve a virtuous circle of overall business performance.
As a result of the change of leadership in 2016, a strategic goal for the full transition to retail banking - the creation of a service centred on "sat+ smart master accounts" - was set out.
In 2017, the Strategic Framework “Technology Leadership, Retail Break-through, Effort” was defined: in 2018, the “3+2” management system for retail operations was set up, focusing on basic retail, private banking and consumer finance;
In 2019, three business cards were proposed for “Digital Banks, Ecobanks, Platform Banks” in 2020.
The focus is on basic retailing, consumer finance, and the private sector, with a more specific orientation. From 2019 to 2020, the goal was to open the bank’s ecology and platform banks, clearly branding the Internet in addition to financial technology.
\triangleright puts an end to the downside trend as measured by \triangleright, \roa, rorwa and roe.
Revenue, interest net revenue, provision, net profit increases are on the rise.1.2 Reference: General theory of re-entry into retail transition. Assessment of the results and prospects of a safe bank retail transition requires a reference.
In an in-depth report entitled " The Tide of the Age of Wealth Management " , we proposed a generalized theory of retail transition, based on the history of the transition of the king of retailing, which could provide a basis for judgement. In general, the process of retail banking transition is as follows: first step: retailization of assets. Banks will take the lead in compressing public loans, starting with the high-deficiency industry.
This step is relatively difficult, and with clear measurement indicators (retail lending, rate of return, rate of failure) the effect is easy to observe.
Step two: retailization of the end of the liability. As retail lending develops, retail clients grow in size and stickyness, it leads to retail deposits. Personal deposits, especially personal demand deposits, account for a higher share of the liability portfolio, and deposit rates are generally lower than those of other types of liabilities, and the combined bank liability costs fall.
But the process of making customers more sticky requires banks to improve their management capacity and their sense of service. This is a time when private banks grow up, symbolizing the killing of their enemies in retail transitions.
The most precise measure of this step is the change in the ratio of individual current deposits to the cost of deposits. The meaning behind the low-cost current deposits generated by high-end deposits and retail assets differs.
If banks can provide high-quality products and services on a continuous basis, the customer's trust in the product translates into trust in the company, and the bank's business becomes managing the customer relationship rather than simply marketing the product. The middle business is one of the pillars.
Step four: Active finance technology. After these three steps, banks have improved their profitability, they have sufficient resources to develop the gold, integrated technology, energy efficiency in retail services, poor regulation, asset management, etc., and improved client experience, access, etc.
The general path of retail transformation in figure 3
High-quality services enhance client stickyness. > High-net client concentration will stimulate clients to move from trust in their products.
Business development in wealth management, dynamic credit cards and consumer loans, and the application of inclusive technology in turn.
..which translates into trust in the company, zero fees and higher commission revenue, raise the share of loan sales, collect.
In the sale of services, poor regulation, a high degree of metalogy, not a single sale of credit-derived retail deposits,
The profit rate is higher, the bad umbrellas are down, energy efficiency - into a virtuous circle - for example, in asset management.
The time of high light is the private banking industry: the focus of deep-farm retailing is the switch between two service models. From product sales to consultancy and management costs, behind is the shift in strategic focus between the two models.
Retail farming is a shift from a product model to a customer relationship management model. First, the product model is to generate revenue from the sale of products by customers, emphasizing the product itself and the need to cope with rapidly changing markets. Second, the customer relationship management model is to charge clients consultancy fees and management fees for customized and platformed products and services.
The model calls for client-neutral advice that allows clients to trust brands, with a focus on maintaining good customer relations. Retailed banks need to use products to attract customers, build linkages between customers and products, and then move gradually towards trust in client managers and, ultimately, in the brand power of banks.
1.3 Conclusion: According to the general theory of retail transition, the Bank of Peace has performed well at the end of its assets and in financial science and technology, and the cost of indebtedness, although it has no advantage over the company, is declining. As the scene expands, aum is growing.
Retail deposit interest rates are clearly down, and the continuation of this process is expected to effectively reduce the overall cost of the liability, achieve a high rate of increase in the wealth manager’s fees, and thus boost the roll-out of the roe. Retailing of the asset end has been completed.
In terms of the balance of public loans, the growth rate was more than 20% in 2014-2016, and the impact of the epidemic was 18.25% in 2020 (figure 4).
At the same time, the downsizing of public loans and the treatment of bad assets have stabilized the quality of assets. Beginning in 2017, Pygmy bank failures slowed down, provision coverage rose significantly, credit costs decreased significantly (figures 7 and 8). Retailing of the end of the debt has improved. After 2016, retail deposits were proportional to the total deposits of Peace Banks.
The share of individual current deposits in retail deposits declined in 2017-2018, but the ratio began to rise in late 2020 (figure 9). The level of interest rates on deposits at Peace Banks does not have an advantage in comparison with industry (figure 11). However, the average interest rate on individual deposits has been falling since 2018, indicating that the optimal structure of deposits has begun to improve (figures 10 and 11).
As the optimization process continues, savings costs will have an advantage. Diversification of intermediate operations is yet to be achieved.
The increase in commission income is due mainly to the higher cost of financial management (figure 13). Structurally, the percentage of bank card processing has risen from 39.6 per cent to 61.5 per cent in 2016 (figure 14). Financial technology has a natural advantage.
In addition, the company’s capital expenditure on IT fell significantly after 2016, and the share of retail loans increased significantly.
Figure 62021q1, Secure Bank retail loans as a percentage of industry
Figure 9 shows an increase in the share of retail deposits and a decrease in the share of personal current deposits
The rate of increase in bank charges and commissions in figure 13 has been consolidated in the same way.
Core engine 2: retail and public-situation, onlineization, intelligence retail business has become a core engine. By the end of 2020, retail revenue was 88,580 million yuan, an increase of 10.8% compared to the previous year, and the impact of the epidemic has declined at a similar rate.
“Retail breakthroughs” and “good for the public” are parallel in the transition to a safe bank. For retail operations, the main activity is retail, private banking, and consumer finance; for public operations, loans are focused on the main business, and trade-related operations are focused on the customer and supply chain. For retail and public business, the following four.
The point of power is the same: scenery, onlineization, intelligence and open cooperation. Figure 16 shows an increase in retail sales as compared to 2.1 retail breakthroughs: basic retailing, private banking and consumer finance side by side
2.1.1 Basic retailing: the number of customers is growing at a high rate, scenes are growing + product matrix realization (1) Basic retail customers are over 100 million and pocket bank users are active, and as of the end of 2020 there were 107 million retail customers in Peace Bank, representing an increase of 10.4 per cent, although at some speed.
Declined, but maintained a high rate of growth in the impact of the epidemic. During the same period, the Bank of Peace Pocket Mau exceeded 40 million, a 15.6 per cent increase compared to the same period, which has been growing at a high rate since 2018. (2) Client stratification + landscape + onlineization
The Bank divides its clients into eight groups: senior executives, super-high net value, owners of small businesses, financial managers, smart customers, senior citizens, senior citizens, young protagonists, and people with cars, and provides differentiated products and services tailored to their needs. For example, in the case of senior customers, the City of Shenzhen has promoted its Smart Year Card, which was distributed to 610,000 by the end of 2020.
List of guests, B-station joint cards were introduced during the reporting period to enhance client identity. Each targeted service is differentiated by setting the scene and improved user experience through onlineization and intelligence (figure 19). Retail deposits and retail aum balances are an indicator of the operational effects of retail operations.
This was 68.47 billion yuan, a 17 per cent increase in the same year, which has been growing at a higher rate since 2017. The aum balance amounted to $26,248 million, a 32 per cent increase in the same year, with no significant downward shift in the growth hub (figure 19).
(3) Peace Pocket Bank App - Flux + Liquidation + Open App is the most important vehicle in the Internet age for banks, usually carrying mobile banking functions + finance + finance + three cornerstones, plated in the essence of a scenario + the realization of products or services through the enrichment of financial technology,
In addition to trading, managing money, credit cards, loan plates, the Safe Pocket Bank also has a car master service, audio and video entertainment, living and health security. It also contains more than 20 external service links, covering almost all of them.
For example, the Fund's sub-sections in the financial district are: the Fund's selections, rankings, first-time zones, investment areas, safe-mindedness, wind-spilling, target-rich, wealth-related, and content-based communities (Figure 21).
By far, but more than 40 million mau are in second place, second only to recruitment. We measure the contribution of banks to the mobile end of each bank by using the ratio of mobile bankers, appmau/total retail customers, 37.7% of which is second only to 67.7% of merchant banks (by two apps, plus mau), which is enough to highlight the need for a pocket bank.
Contributions to current flows (figure 23).
The ratio of mobile bank appmau/total retail customers is second only to the recruitment rate of private banks 2.1.2: The growth and development of private banks and aum is a high moment in retail business development and the best sign of customer stickyness.
In essence, the customer's trust in the financial products and services of banks translates into a letter to the bank's brand, and the scope of cooperation between the two parties extends to non-financial areas, including education, medical care, asset allocation, etc. (figure 27).
\triangleright improves the professionalism of asset allocation, optimizes the proposal for the configuration of clients from the organizational structure, technological empowerment, and continuous investment in upgrading, and enhances the construction of full-scale and open platforms. At the same time, more than 3,000 people have been built
\triangleright creates personalized and integrated services.
Super-net clients and top-level private-sector clients provide differentiated services (figure 28). In the service system, a combination of services, including discretionary investment, family-run companies, insurance trusts, business governance services, etc., has also been built with the resources of intra-group affiliates.
At the end of 2018, the Bank of Peace transferred 1,200 financiers from the Peace Trust, and private banks have continued to grow since the rapid growth rate. According to quarterly data, the year-on-year increase has been more than 50% since 2020 q2. (Figure 25) The number of private bank clients has increased at a rate of more than 30%, although they have fallen since the third quarter of 2018.
Quick (figure 26) The rapid growth of private banks, aum, will effectively boost the deposit of current deposits and drive down the cost of indebtedness, which is one of the encouraging signs of the transformation of the Bank of Peace.
Figure 25 High growth in private banks Figure 27 Private banks: The essence of stickyness is to transform trust in products from trust in clients to trust in brands 2.1.3 Consumer finance: high growth in credit card loans and automobile finance loans
(1) Credit card: personalized services, high growth in accounts receivable, the key word for credit card business is a sexual, online and intelligent one. (1) Personalization refers to the provision of services for car owners, young customers, business customers and unique daily consumption scenarios.
One-stop service such as car financing, maintenance, etc.: for young clients, the introduction of platinum-friendly and platinum-friendly varieties of interest to young people; and for merchant groups, the introduction of spring and fall air combined cards by the Bank of Peace to optimize interest-free areas.” During the reporting period, the system of points was also updated, with full implementation of mobile payment credits.
By the end of 2020, the number of safe bank credit cards had reached 64.2 million, an increase of 6.5% over the previous year. Credit card receivables amounted to $529.8 billion, an increase of 2.1% over the previous year, but were mainly affected by the epidemic (figure 29).
(ii) Automobile finance: financial technology + open cooperation + online financial finance revolves around financial technology and eco-systems, open cooperation, and onlineization. Second-hand vehicle platform building has been strengthened, the “e-through” platform has been upgraded, and the system of online services has been improved; at the same time, it revolves around the purchase of cars, the use of vehicles, the use of vehicles and the use of them.
(a) The changing of cars, escorting cars, etc.: the search for deeper collaboration with the mainframe plant, and with the new energy vehicle to strengthen the online self-service system, with 16 per cent, 29 per cent, and 52 per cent fewer full-time operational hours for new vehicles, used vehicles, and owner loans than at the end of the previous year. At the end of 2020, the balance of financial loans for automobiles stood at $246.4 billion, representing an increase of 37.5 per cent, with a sharp rebound in the volume of steam;
The number of car finance passengers has reached 239,000, representing an increase of 36.08 per cent in the same year; second-hand car loans amount to $35,550 million, representing an increase of 96.62 per cent in the same year (figure 30).
Strengthening of the second-hand vehicle platform, upgrading of the “e-Train” platform, and improvement of the system of on-the-line services for vendors.
It's all about buying cars, using cars, changing cars, escorting cars and everything.
The Automotive Consumer Finance Center is also consolidating the foundations of deep collaboration with the mainframe plant, opening doors and actively expanding cooperation with new energy vehicles.
Strengthening the online self-service system, continuously increasing the penetration rate of autonomous operations, the full duration of new vehicles, used vehicles and home loans, without a reduction of 16 per cent, 29 per cent and 52 per cent from the end of the previous year.
The use of the ai tool is widely used to reach clients through the sat marketing mode. (3) Back to the Peace Group, cross-routing effects are highlighted.
The Bank of Peace relies on the Peace Group, and client flows and business developments show a significant financial advantage: (1) in terms of clients, at the end of 2020 there were 3,033,000 consolidated financial recipients, representing 38.7 per cent of the total, of which 75,000 wealth clients, accounting for 48.4 per cent, accounted for a higher proportion than the average. (2) In terms of specific operations, at the end of 2020, the financial portfolio was consolidated.
The channel contributed 2,46,836 million yuan, or 38.4 per cent (a decrease of 0.2 percentage points); 3,253,000 credit card issuances, or 32 per cent (a decrease of 2.1 percentage points); 65,083 million dollars, or 61.8 per cent (a decrease of 0.5 percentage points): 64,850 million dollars, or 29.3 per cent (a decrease of 5.6 percentage points).
In terms of quality, the poor rate of credit cards and “new credit” for combined financial contributions is significantly lower than for credit cards as a whole, but the poor rate of car lending for combined financial contributions is beginning to be higher than for the whole (figures 31-39).
Figure 32 Consolidated Finance: Wealth Clients Figure 33 Consolidated Finance: aum Chart 34 Consolidated Finance: Credit Cards
Figure 37 Consolidated finance: credit card failure rate Figure 38 Consolidated finance: new loan failure rate Figure 39 Consolidated finance: car default rate
2.2 Effection of the public: two major client groups + three lines of business, `prospecting the public', have two layers at the operational level: adjusting the asset liability structure and increasing the intermediate income ratio, essentially optimizing quality and saving capital. Operationally, it revolves around both strategic and micro-enterprise client groups.
In terms of loans, since the beginning of the 2016 transition, the sector has been restructured and is now concentrated mainly on health care, car ecology, clean energy, livelihood, infrastructure, electronics, etc.
By the end of 2020, the size of the investment portfolio had reached $68,173 million, with trade banks covering, among other things, settlement, supply chain finance, paper operations, cross-border finance. By the end of 2020, the number of tacks had a cumulative total of 1,040.2 million registered clients, an increase of 189.1 per cent compared to the end of the previous year; and the value of transactions throughout the year.
In the area of comprehensive finance, the Bank of Peace, as the engine of Group 1+n operations, integrates its professional companies and channels with banking operations and has been successful in marketing insurance, financing, and deposits.
The size of the insurance was 2,701 million yuan, an increase of 102.9 per cent over the same period, and the size of the financing provided by the Group in cooperation with a total of 4,31,115 million dollars.
The key step in raising the cost of indebtedness is to reduce the cost of indebtedness.
The high rate of return offsets the high cost of indebtedness. Even if the end cost of the bank’s liabilities is higher than that of the company’s banker, there is no disadvantage in the net spread. For example, in 2020, the net spread between the bank’s net profit was 2.4%, but the combined rate of return and the cost of the liability were 4.6% and 2.3%, respectively, compared to 4.1% and 1.7%, respectively.
Bankan runs a high asset rate of return against higher liability costs (figure 43). But a high rate of return also requires more provisions to suppress net profits and roe. Returning annual cross-section data shows a clear positive correlation between the asset rate of return and the provision ratio, with higher rates of return increasing.
Credit risk exposure, which requires more provision, and therefore the net profit is swallowed up (figure 45). A Dupont analysis by the equity bank shows that the pre-allocation return on assets (profits/average assets before provision) is far ahead of the equity line, but the ratio of reserve/average assets is also high.
There is no advantage (figure 44). Deposit costs are already down, and Roe is more likely to rise. Since 2019, the personal deposit rate and the overall deposit rate of the Peace Bank have declined. (1) On retail, the company is committed to capturing the scene to drive the current.
In addition, the company is committed to expanding access to public sources, strengthening internal control over high-cost liabilities, making full use of testing tools and internal transfer pricing mechanisms, reducing liabilities, using information on legal compliance, and producing the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, and I have done so.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.