The Retail Transition Stick Group (RTG) Linking Empowerment - Peace Bank (000001.sh) believes that there is a lot of room for company performance. On the one hand, as the company deepens the grouping, it creates a "bank of comptoirs."
On the 22nd of September 2021 + Investments + Investments, the number of corporate clients will remain high, and the business will continue to expand at a high rate. On the other hand, as the quality of the company’s assets continues to improve, credit impairment losses will be fully accounted for and there will be scope for releasing profits.
Cao Xuant has successfully implemented its retail transformation strategy. Since December 2016, when Mr. Shengling and Mr. Hu Jiaofei served as directors and directors, the company's strategy has shifted to retailing, with retail financial revenues accounting for the total revenue.
Since the transition to retail trade, companies have seen an upward trend, except for 20 years of exposure to the epidemic, in terms of the stability of the roe and roa, the growth rate of the company’s revenues and the rate of net return profits.
On the retail side, companies are fully engaged in the development of three major business modules: “Base retailing, private wealth, consumer finance”; on the basic retail side, the firm's retail customer base is constantly being tightened and the cost of deposits significantly improved, thanks to deep farming and innovation in terms of access, business models, customer services, etc.
The average balance increased by 12.9 per cent over the same period, and the average cost of personal deposits decreased by 13bps to 2.29 per cent over 20 years. In terms of private sector wealth, the group-led cash-movement company had increased its own clients. As of June 21, private sector clients had a balance of $13,43.29 billion, an increase of 45.5 per cent, or 45.1 per cent, of retail customers.
In consumer finance, there is room for growth in corporate individual housing loans. As of June 21, the company’s premises were at a certain distance. On the one hand, the company’s share of the public real estate industry was low, and the recent tightening of regulatory policies had limited impact on poor rates. On the other hand, there was room for growth in corporate individual housing loans, which were dynamic.
At the end of June 2021, the balance of financial loans for cars stood at $277,742 million, a 37.5% increase in the same year, representing the percentage of individual loans.
In the case of public services, the company uses the “digital pocket plus digital capital plus open bank” client platform.
The group has been active in building eco-systemic and integrated finance, providing individualized services to clients, and increasing its vis-à-vis public clients. On the one hand, companies have acquired a large number of public customers, up to June 21, 477,000 public customers, representing an increase of 466 million compared with the previous year’s end, an increase of 3.5 times that of the same period last year.
The average cost of deposits decreased by 32bps to 1.97 per cent over the same period; in terms of asset quality, the quality of the company's assets continued to improve, the value of impairments was sufficient, future profits were available; in terms of credit assets, the company moved to retail operations, downsized to public size, and special asset management was established
As of June 21, the company ' s non-performing lending rate had fallen to 1.08%, and the negative generation rate to 1.14%. In the future, it is expected that the company ' s negative production rate will be further reduced, with one aspect of the shift in the company ' s business model to deepen the mgm, with a low rate of poor customer access through the mgm model.
On the other hand, the company continues to push for the release of assets in priority sectors and optimizes the public lending structure. With respect to non-credit assets, the company has increased its credit losses, such as investment in industry, on a continuous basis, by 2020, building on the fact that it has largely completed its work on the balance sheet and disposal of non-financial assets.
1. Safe banks: Public-Private Partnerships for a Deeper Retail Transformation Bank was established in 1987, following two consolidations. Its predecessor, Shenzhen Development Bank, was established in 1991.
In 2010, China became the first major shareholder in the deep development process. In 2012, China became the largest shareholder in the deep development. Following the write-off of the Shenzhen Development Bank Ltd., the name was changed to Peace Bank Ltd. As of the end of June 2021, the Peace Group and its members had joined the peace banks.
In total, the controlling subsidiary holds 58% of the stake in the Peace Bank. Of these, the Peace Group holds 49.56% of the stake in the Peace Bank and 8.44% of the stake in the Peace Bank.
Shenzhen City Commercial Bank absorbs the merger of Fujian and the merger of Peace and Security Bank of China.
Bank of Asia, also known as Peace Bank, December 2006, China Peace Group, 11 May 2010, and China is finished.
By holding 89.36 per cent of the commercial bank in Shenzhen City through the Peace Trust Investment Corporation and Shanghai, they were given a deep share in the development of the stock.
The HSBC Bank, together, acquired the shares of Fujian as the largest shareholder of the bank and became the first major shareholder in the further development.
The Bank of China has since continued to invest in Fujian Asian Bank, 16th of June 2007, Shenzhen Business Bank, with Fujian Asian Bank.
Bank absorbs the merger of the former Bank of Peace, and on 15 June 2012, deep development absorbs 73% of the shares held by HSBC.
Merge Peace Bank, in the Bank of Peace (formerly Fujian Asian Bank) and change its name to Shenzhen Peace Bank with limited shares
The name of the company in Chinese after it was cancelled on 19 February 2004 by Fujian Bank of Asia, as a result of this absorption.
On February 26th, 2009, the Peace Group is in the middle of the war.
The first division in the country named after the insurance brand was changed to a limited share in the Safe Bank.
The company's strategy has shifted to zero sales since December 2016, when Mr. Xieyonglin and Mr. Hu Jiaofei became chairman and chairman, and the company's Roe and Roa, in addition to having been affected by the epidemic for 20 years, have been largely stable and growing.
Figure 2: Corporate Roe and Roa have been stable since 2017 (%) Since 2016, companies have shifted their strategy to retail, and management has developed a well-targeted development strategy and is moving year by year
2017 was a key year for strategic corporate transformation, with companies setting strategic goals for a full transition to retail banking. • The company builds intelligence, migration, with a focus on “sat (social media + client applications + long-distance service teams) + smart master accounts”
Motivated, professionalized retail banking services.
Co-operative development of public-sector firms and communities. • Deep-farming industrial chains, ecospheres, public-private linkages, zero
In 2018, the company articulated its strategic vision of building “China’s best and leading global intelligent retail bank.”
In June 2019 - 2021, companies refined the strategy: In 2019, companies built up their retail business, and in 2019, they developed a strategy for public and financial partners to “3+2+1.”
In June 2021, based on a comprehensive construction of the “3+2+1” business strategy, the company fully upgraded the new three-year strategy by proposing five cards for retail, public, and trade.
The share of retail financial operations in total revenue has increased steadily since 2016, reaching 58% in 2019. In 2019, the Bank of Peace reopened the public exchange, and since 2019 retail financial services have maintained their share of total operating income.
At the end of the year, clients of company-to-company and bulk operations generated aum balance of $38.645 billion, an increase of 43.5 per cent from the end of the previous year, resulting in a client deposit balance of $10.823 billion, an increase of 22.1 per cent from the end of the previous year.
The company works with the subsidiaries of the Peace Group to create a model of “banks + investment + investment” that meets the need for diversity and individualization of public customers, while also enriching the wealth management as an integrated financial pillar of the Group.
Motives, acting as a pillar of integrated finance by exploiting value to public channels, and making good internal and external financing within the Peace Group, figure 8: Corporate retail finance continues to rise (%) for the first time in the current administration’s collective confidence.
Between 1 September and 6 September, the supervisors, senior managers and their spouses bought the company stock from the second-tier market with their own funds, a total of 37.27 million shares, at a paid-in price of approximately $6.998 million to $6.917 million.
The holding of the Peace Group and the Peace Bank shares of about $500,000, which demonstrates confidence in the Group and in the banks, and the spread of retail financial services to the market: excellent intelligent retail banks.
“Risk Control, Cost Control” 2 core competencies to build “one eco-driven” integration, dedicated to “one of China's best and leading global intelligent retail banks.” 2.1 Basic retailing: layout of open banking platforms - pocket bank app
In 2019, the company launched an open bank, which will continue to work with outside actors to promote the opening of capacities and flows, ecologicalization and inclusive development, and the realization of “co-operate, co-build, co-help entities”. In 2020, 2021h1, Open banks accumulated the Internet.
4.0563 million households, or more than 30 per cent of total retail arrivals, were reached.
Through the Open Bank Applet platform, the Open Bank platform has been released to introduce the external use of clients with high frequency.
685 products, 1,477 life scenes, pocket "gold api and h5 interfaces, covered
Ecology, bank accounts, financial management, payments, guarantees, services and clothing, food, shelter, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, food, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, clothing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing, housing
The company focuses on the layout of the "finance + life" online flow platform of the company’s safe pocket bank:
The company upgrades its client-level business model and enhances its client experience and efficiency. The company focuses on the client group grouping under the eight categories of “Counsellor Senior”, “Super-net”, “Small Enterprise Owners”, “Guards of Money”, “Ingent Customers”, “Yuvengers” and “Cars One” with a personalized customization experience and pocket bank application.
The company actively promotes the ecological operation of the whole channel, the whole flow line. Beyond the development of the own channel ecology, it works with external channels, such as micro-programming, to introduce external high-frequency (HF) life-scenario services.
As of 2020, the number of months in which a pocket bank is active (mau) amounted to 4,033,000 households, an increase of 15.6 per cent, and the number of months in which a pocket bank is registered was 11.31 million.
26.5 per cent increase over the same period. As of 2021h1, the monthly active number of bag banks (mau) amounted to 40.38 million, an increase of 0.1 per cent compared with the beginning of the year, and the number of bag banks applying for registered users amounted to 12.61 million, an increase of 9.2 per cent compared with the beginning of the year.
The cost of deposits has improved significantly: 10 million households, an increase of 6.3 per cent from the end of the previous year, of which the general population of wealthy clients (50,000 yuan) has grown by 9.9 per cent from the end of the previous year, at any rate in March, and by 1.5 times the rate of increase over the same period.
The average cost rate of individual deposits has improved continuously. In 2020, the average daily balance of individual company deposits was $61,943 million, and the average annual cost of individual deposits decreased by 20bps to 2.42 per cent over the same period. The average balance of 21h1 individual current deposits increased by 12.9 per cent over the same period, and the average cost of individual deposits decreased by 13bps to 2.29 per cent over 20 years.
Figure 11: Corporate current deposits increased faster than ever (millions of dollars) in 2020. 2.2 Private estate wealth: private branding increased agent fees.
Client diversification needs are central, with continuous improvements in product systems and differentiated equity systems, a strong focus on high-value customer operations, increasing the influence of private brands, and working to create “China's smartest, leading international private company retail customers aum to keep up with the increase. As of 2021h1, the company's wealth clients have reached millions of households.
102.40 million households, an increase of 9.6 per cent from the end of the year, managed retail customer assets (aum) of $29,82.1 billion, an increase of 13.6 per cent from the end of the year, and since the company ' s strategic shift to retail in 2017, corporate management of retail customer assets has continued to grow at aum private sector clients.
The year-on-year rate of growth has declined, but it still stands at more than 25%. Private sector clients aum have maintained a high rate in recent years. By the end of June 2021, private sector clients aum had a balance of $13,43.29 billion, an increase of 45.5 per cent, or 45.1 per cent, in the management of retail customer assets aum.
The agency fees have increased significantly. The benefits of the company’s active promotion of private sector business have led to an increase in income from personal agent funds and property handling fees. Corporate agent commissioning revenue has increased faster since 2018 than in the same year. 2021h1 generation commissioning revenue has fallen on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of a larger decline in the size of the agency’s precious metal business.
Billion yuan, an increase of 44.3 per cent in the same year, and agent revenue of $328 million, an increase of 33.3 per cent in the same year 2.3 individual loans: personal mortgages with a leading partner in space car lending and credit card operations have a 5 per cent return on interest-bearing assets of 21h1 companies, ranked first in the equity line, mainly related to its lending structure.
In terms of stock, mortgages and mortgages and credit card loans account for a higher share of loans granted.
21 per cent and 19.2 per cent, with faster growth in individual mortgages and licensed mortgages and automobile financial loans, and continued optimization of the business structure and the client base structure.
Figure 19: Average interest rates on individual company loans are ranked first among the equity lines 2.3.1 persons with housing loans with room for growth compared to the nine listed companies, where the share of real estate loans is lower.
As of the end of June 2021, the bank had 19.14% of real estate loans and 9.01% of individual housing loans, with a ceiling of 27.5% on real estate loans and 20% on individual housing loans.
On the one hand, the low share of companies in the public real estate sector and the limited impact of the recent tightening of the regulatory policy on the negative rate. 2021h1 ' s non-performing lending rate of 0.57 per cent in real estate, although rising by 0.36 pt from 2020, still shows, on the other hand, that there is room for growth in the company ' s personal housing loans, with 2021h1 individual mortgages and certificates.
Mortgage failure rate is only 0.31 per cent, well below the rate of 1.13 per cent for individual loans.
2.3.2 Automotive finance leads the business community. Automotive finance pursues its eco-business strategy by developing the new energy and owner ecology, continuing the development of smart platforms and strengthening the ai-enpowerment.
Based on the advantages of financial science and technology, the company has improved the car ecosystem in a comprehensive manner, continuously upgrading the “e-Tone” and pocket banks, 15 per cent more than at the end of the previous year. $5.958 billion in new car loans has been granted to service 29.2 million customers.
As of the end of June 2021, public sector financial loans had increased steadily since 2019, and by the end of June 2021, they had been financed by automobiles.
Accelerating the release of automobile financial loans will help to reduce the overall retail lending failure rate. 21H1 automobile financial loans have a negative rate of 1.03%, which is lower than that of individual loans. Corporate automobile finance loans have been affected by product restructuring and the epidemic, and the quality of new households has fluctuated in 2020, resulting in a negative ratio of 21H1 automobile financial loans.
By 2020, it rose from 33bps to 1.03%. However, companies have tightened their pre-prior access policies in a timely manner, and the quality of new loans issued has gradually improved in the second half of 2020. The balance of more than 30 days of loans disbursed by automobile finance in the second half of 2020 was 0.27%, compared to the same calibre of loans issued in the first half of 2020.
Figure 24: Corporate non-performing credit rates for automobile finance are lower than a non-performing loan rate (%). 2.3.3 Credit card operations are in the forefront of the industry.
According to the Central Bank’s Report on the Functioning of the Payments System, the credit card volume of the banking sector as a whole increased by 26.45 per cent at the end of 2017, slowed down from 18 years ago, with the high rate of bad credit card growth rising before the end of 2020, and banks took the initiative to strengthen wind control by adopting a contractionary strategy.
Credit card operations have entered the stage of stock competition. 21h1, banks have grown by 4.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and credit card operations have entered the stage of stock competition. For the first time in the first half of 2021, Peacebanks made the rate of real activity, i.e. active customers as a percentage of mobile customers, a clear indicator of the development of credit card operations and an increase in client activity.
In 2020, as a result of the epidemic, the number of bank credit cards increased at a low rate of innovation. And companies continued to deepen their transformations, with constant innovation, seizing the moment of recovery, credit card operations gradually emerged from the epidemic, and total credit card transactions recovered to pre-epidemiological levels in the first half of the year.
Figure 25: Innovative bank credit cards, diversified products, landscaped business.
Smart client business system Pockets mall business: United Optimize Smart Voice Centre, upgrade ai
Car host group: good owner credit cards, more than 100,000 doors, continued construction of smart voice technology.
# The scenes and the creation of open ecology # # The young crowd: The platinum # # with the cards, the cards # # the theme # and the theme # # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the the the the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the the the # the # the # the # the # the # the the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the # the #
Promoting global integrated marketing: “City-wide deep-farming service scene business, building “ai+t” smart multimedia interactives
Tourist groups: American Express Red Cards, Xasafari Cards, and couriers, where to, where to go.
"Six thousand people based on user behavior."
In contrast to the listed stock companies, 21H1 bank credit cards are paid.
As a result of the increase in credit card volume, which led to a corresponding increase in home service and bill collection fees, 21h1 company bank card revenue amounted to $9,413 million, representing 45.5% of fees and commissions. As the company continues to innovate and improve its client activity, the company credit card business will maintain its industrial leadership.
Figure 26: Bank of Banks Card Growth Decline (millions) Figure 28: Secure Bank Credit Card Validity 3. Public financial operations: Group Combination Extended Business Ecology
The company is a customer-centred business, building a comprehensive business model for the public business "aum+lum+" platform. It is committed to the public business "3+2+1" strategy, focusing on the three pillars of business: "Industry banks, trade banks, integrated finance" and focusing on the two main core groups of "Strategic Customers, Micro-Celebrities" .
Keeping the asset quality “one lifeline” constant, investing in supply chain finance, paper integration, customer-based platforms, complex investment and eco-systemicization of the “five cards.” 3.1 Client-operated platforms: digital pockets + digital finance + open banks
The company operates on a stratification basis for two core client groups, offering personalized products. The company introduces digital pocket apps for MSMEs, and a digital finance platform for strategic customers.
Safe Digital Pocket App, a platform for bulk recipients, operates a fast growth in the number of users. Peace Bank has launched a "Peace Digital Pocket App" for small and medium-sized micro-enterprises, a comprehensive change of mindset, and a rapid increase in the number of registered business users through a combination of "digital accounts plus digital certificates plus digital fractions" and more scenes and applications. By the end of 2020, the number of registered business users had increased rapidly.
At the end of June, the cumulative number of registered users of digital bags was 4.873,000, an increase of 368.5 per cent from the end of the previous year.
Household service capture, integration of business treasury integrated service functions such as cash pools, asset pools, provision of account management, budget management, payment management, fund management, funds early warning, statement statistics, etc. to clients, and demand for large and medium enterprise groups and financial companies for cash management, asset liability management, tax management, supply chain management, etc., to increase the war
Open banks as a link to strengthen ecological cooperation. By upgrading and optimizing its digital pockets and its digital capital, the company is linked to open banks, integrating, standardizing, opening up and embedding its financial, technological and technological capabilities, strengthening external ecological cooperation, eco-businessing small and medium-sized micro-species and strategic clients, and building a comprehensive and integrated approach.
By the end of 2020, the company’s open platform was serving 11,900 clients, expanding its business ecology from the end of the year. As the engine of “1+n” of the group’s integrated financial operations, the company aims to create eco-systemic integrated finance, exploit the company’s value to the public, and become an external resource within the group.
Ecolinkers. The company, in collaboration with various professional firms and external channels within the Peace Group, continuously strengthens integrated financial services by 20.2 per cent, compared with 20.2 per cent; the size of investment projects in which banks and professionals within the Peace Group are located by $28.691 billion, compared with 22.1 per cent; and deposits from corporate clients through deeper cooperation in financial operations.
The average daily balance is $17,142 million, an increase of 19% over the average annual average for the previous year, of which the average daily balance of current deposits accounts for the company’s use of complex investments to become aum and lum large clients.
The multiplicity of products of the company's subsidiaries, using the complex investment model of the comptoirs + investment, provides comprehensive financial services to clients and meets the needs of diversification and individualization.
Tens of households, 3.5 times more than in the same period last year. The company's open bank has a rich shelf of products, and the product's capacity is complete, and it can be used as a standard envelope, open box, quickly embedded in the partnership scene, scavenging the power of the peddlers and achieving a rapid growth in the number of public customers. At the end of June 2021, the bank had 21,846 open bank service customers, compared to the previous year.
At the end of the year, there was an increase of 83.6 per cent, with the average cost of business deposits falling by 32 bps to 1.97 per cent over the same period last year.
4.1 Quality of credit assets: asset quality continues to optimize the space where profits are released
At the end of the month, the rate of corporate non-performing lending fell to 1.08 per cent, and the rate of negative production fell to 1.14 per cent.
On the one hand, as a result of the company ' s transition to retail business, the share of individual loans rose rapidly, with an average balance of 21h1 individual loans reaching 63 per cent. On the other hand, the overall rate of individual loan failures was lower than that of public loans, thus driving the whole, and on the other hand, during the years of the transition to retail, the company was reduced to public size and created special asset management.
The Ministry of Industry carries out stock-checking and collection of public loans, starting with 2.82 per cent of public non-performing loans in 18 years.
Fig. 40: Provision of coverage by listed stock banks (%) Future Bank of Peace is expected to reduce the rate of undesirable production further through the transformation of the operating model and the transformation of the loan structure, and to provide space for the release of profits:
The business model changes to mgm. Companies continue to deepen the mgm (customer introduction) online up-to-date business model through continuous optimization of the sat (social + mobile applications + remote services) closed loop smart tools to provide customers with “temperature” companionship through full-touch operations and to enhance the motivation and efficiency of heavy passenger sats.
The second is to explore a private-area flow business model that uses big data models to create accurate portraits of potential clients and enhance their mgm performance in various scenarios. The mgm model promotes retail business development with significant results.
2,576,000 households, or 38.2 per cent of the total net increase in retail sales and $38.3 billion in new loans, or 54.1 per cent of new loans; $34,890 million in new car finance loans, or 26.5 per cent of new loans; and 1.48 million credit card issuances, representing the volume of new cards
Companies have a lower than overall rate of poor customer base through the mgm model. From historical data from 2019 to 21h1, corporate credit card operations and “New One” lending operations have a lower than overall rate of bad customer base through the mgm model.
The overall poor rate of automobile financial lending is mainly due to the higher share of the Mgm mode master lending, but in fact the Mgm mode master loan service has a less than undesirable client base of 0.08 pt than the other channels.
As of the end of June 2021, 46 per cent of client credit balances in priority sectors such as health, car ecology, clean energy, livelihood, infrastructure and transport, electronic information, and green environment continued to be promoted by companies.
Corporate platform loans were low and of good quality. By the end of June 2021, the balance of loans from corporate government financing platforms (with a total change to general corporate-type loans and still running loans under the platform) stood at $65.65 billion, an increase of $5.89 billion, or 9.9 per cent, compared to the end of the previous year; the percentage of total loans issued and advances received was 2.3 per cent of the platform ' s loan quality.
4.2 Quality of non-credit assets: The risk offsetting capacity of non-credit assets has been significantly strengthened, taking into account the uncertainty of the external macro-environment, and with the requirement for regulators to further enhance asset quality and to build a risk barrier, the company will have substantially completed its work base in 2020, such as the return of non-financial assets in stock and their disposal
In the first half of 2021, companies accounted for $38.290 billion in impairment losses on credit and other assets, of which non-credit credit was credited.
A series of efforts, such as collection and disposal, have resulted in significant improvements and improvements in the quality and asset structure of non-credited assets. 5. Bank of Peace valuations and investment proposals.
Since the Chairman and the President of the Board, the company's strategy has been shifting to retail, with retail financial revenues rising as a percentage of total revenue, which has remained around 58% since 2019. Since the transition to zero sales, the company's Roe and Roa have been largely stable, except for 20 years of exposure to the epidemic, and the company's growth rate has been steady.
On the retail side, companies are fully engaged in developing three major business modules: “Base retailing, private wealth, consumer finance.” With corporate combined finance as a retail enabler, there is still room for high growth in future retail customers.
Deep farming and innovation in business models and customer services have led to significant improvements in deposit costs. In basic retailing, the Department ' s retail customer base has been tightened and savings costs have improved significantly, thanks to intensive farming and innovation in access, business models, customer services, etc.
The average cost of personal deposits fell from 13bps to 2.29% over 20 years. In terms of private sector wealth, the group-guided firm’s wealth-lending clients grew more than 25%. The company’s private sector clients aum grew more than 25%.
In terms of consumer finance, there is room for growth in the company’s individual housing loans. By the end of June 2021, there was a certain distance. On the one hand, the company’s share in the public real estate sector was low, and the recent tightening of regulatory policies had limited impact on the negative rate. On the other hand, there was room for growth in the company’s individual housing loans, which were still active.
With regard to consumer finance, the share of the market for car finance by the Sino-Safe Bank is among the leading players. Corporate car finance has increased since 2019, and by the end of June 2021 it stood at 27.742 billion yuan.
The same rate of increase was 37.5 per cent, representing 15.8 per cent of individual loans, and 21h1 had a poor rate of 1.03 per cent, which was lower than the rate of non-performing individual loans.
The Mission has been actively involved in the development of eco-systemic and integrated finance, providing personalized services to clients, and increasing its vis-à-vis public clients. On the one hand, companies have acquired a large number of public customers, with 477,000 households as of the end of June 2021, representing an increase of 466 million compared to the end of the previous year, an increase of 3.5 times that of the same period last year.
On the other hand, the company optimized the structure and cost of the liability, with the average daily balance of business deposits in the first half of 2021 The average cost of business deposits in the first half of the year was between 32bps and 1.97% lower than in the same period last year.
In terms of credit assets, companies have moved to retail business over the past few years, downsized to public size, and created a special asset. The Department of Management has undertaken stock-checking and collection of public loans. By the end of June 2021, the rate of non-performing corporate loans had fallen to 1.08 per cent, and the rate of undesirable production had fallen to 1.14 per cent.
On the one hand, companies deepen the shift in mgm business patterns, with less than the overall disadvantage of getting customers through the mgm model. On the other hand, companies continue to promote the release of assets in key sectors, with non-credit assets, taking into account the uncertainty of the external macro-environment, and with the regulatory agencies further build up their investments.
The quality of production, the need to build a risk barrier, and the company ' s further increase in the impairment loss of non-credit assets, such as peer investment, based on the completion of work on the return and disposal of negative off-the-shelf assets in 2020, and the further consolidation of the risk-compensation capacity of non-credit assets, based on the continuous upgrading of the loan provision coverage in the schedule.
On the basis of the above considerations, we predict that the company’s net return profits for the period 2021-2023 will increase at a similar rate. Any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There will be no change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute the offer or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.