Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre The King of the China Panel to the Global “Leader” purchased (first rating) by Kyoto Orientala (000725.sz)
Shows the panel industry running to the bottom right, and the Tokyo East is leading the industry out of the bottom: we're ruling that the panel industry is running to the bottom right at this time, with tristars and lg representing Korea's LCD, the plate line is turned into an oed line compressed supply, superimposed smart TV and large-size high 4k and 8k power.
Depending on consumption trends, stimulating sales to return to a better level has turned the supply and demand of the industry from the previous excess situation, and the price of the LCD panel panel has begun to rebound in the first quarter of this year. Corporate profits have improved significantly in the first quarter of this year, and the company's single-season income has been rising for three consecutive seasons, with a profit margin.
And the ring rises, and as the industry’s leading company takes the lead, it is expected to benefit from this turnup. Amoled’s output grew ten-fold, and the “volume price rise” boosted the company’s profitability: in the panel industry’s upturn, on the one hand, Kyoto’s old LCD line benefits from the panel price.
The recovery boosted performance growth, while the yield of the fertility 10.5 generation, which ended in 2018, began, and the Wuhan 10.5 generation, which is expected to climb from 2020 and begin to contribute, will be the main increase in corporate LCD capacity over the next three years.
The new lcd line harvests were 14.8 billion, 24.5 billion and 32.3 billion, respectively. The six-generation flexible auled production line rate has risen significantly to 80%, and the capacity utilization rate has increased significantly this year. The six-generation flexible aoled line is expected to be operational this year and will begin to deliver a small quantity of goods in 2020.
The company’s high-generation LCD and amoled production can be seen as far ahead of the industry.
In the long run, companies have consistently invested in R & D, and have accumulated a large amount of patents in the panel industry, which has created a strong pre-emptive advantage for companies in the next round of industrial technological change. The company's growing internal performance has also reaped the benefits of its strategic customer, China.
In support of this, the increased penetration of the amoled mobile phone screen and the introduction of TV will bring new growth points to corporate performance.
We think it's time to show that the panel industry is at a turning point, looking at the company's opportunities for phased investment and long-term investment prices, and that the Chinese-American trade war continues to increase the demand for end-use electronics.
I. Core investment logic: a growing global panel industry “leader”,1 showing the panel industry running to the right of the bottom, with the Tokyo East taking the lead as industry leader: starting in mid-2017 and going through a price decline of around a year and a half,
From March 2019, we tracked down LCD panel prices above 65 inches and started to stabilize or touch the bottom. Most of the size panel prices were close to the cash cost of the panel, and some of the pioneers, like lig and tristar LCD, started to lose in the first quarter of this year, so we decided on future panel prices.
Ge has no further falling space, and the industry is now running to the bottom right. The steady price of the panel is backed by a significant improvement in excess supply and demand.
The start of converting part of the LCD panel production line into an oled supply for the representative Korean plant, and the sharp drop in prices for smart television and large-scale television consumption trends of 4k and 8k to stimulate television sales, as well as the continued downswing of large-scale panel prices of 65 inches and above also contribute to the acceleration of LCD.
Given the rapid increase in screen size and the further depletion of the current panel capacity, industry supply and demand have gone from the original LCD display panel to the typical growing cycle industry, and the price reversal of the lcd LCD panel is usually an advance indicator of the point of profit for firms in the industry. Kyoto East is already ahead of its counterparts in the first quarter of this year.
Changes in business indicators, such as a steady decline in the turnover of inventory and accounts payable, which have been rising for the third consecutive season of the company's single season, have shown that the company has taken the lead out of the bottom as the leading industry leader in the world in terms of both volume and area of delivery, and we believe that the company is the industry in this round.
The most beneficial indicator of the rising cycle. 2 2019 saw a significant tenfold increase in amoled output, and the “volume up” boosted a significant increase in corporate profitability: in this cycle of rising panels, the production line of the original liquid crystal panel in the east of Kyoto was on the one hand.
The line began to contribute, and the production line was dominated by large-scale liquid crystal panels of 65 inches and above, and because these super-sized liquid crystal panels cost much more than small- and medium-sized panels, company 65's performance was further boosted by an increase in the volume of goods on the board. The Wuhan 10.5 generation line is expected to climb the slopes and begin with 2020.
These two super-high intergenerational lines will be the main increase in LCD capacity over the next three years, with the company's original LCD line harvest reaching 80 billion and an additional lcd line camp projected to grow in the next three years at $14.8 billion, $24.5 billion and $32.3 billion, respectively, with LCD showing a 18 per cent increase in the same rate and 10 per cent in the same year.
The six-generation flexible aoled production rate has risen significantly to 80%, and the capacity utilization rate has increased significantly this year. The volume of more than 4 million shipments from the flexible amoled panel in the first quarter of 2019 is close to last year's full-year delivery, and we've judged that in 2019, the volume of shipments from the board showed by the company amoled.
Looking to reach 37 million pieces, which are 10 times the volume of last year's shipments. Innovative applications like full screens, fingerprints on screens and folding phones are expected to boost the penetration rate of amoled by over 50% in 2021, with the Chinese high-end flag ship-type mate20pro, p30pro, which is expected to grow in innovation over the next three years.
The Division will show that the panel will be the main source of revenue. The six-generation flexible aoled line is expected to be operational this year, starting with a small number of deliveries, starting in 2020, and is expected to grow from 2019 to 2020 at $17 billion, 69.7 billion and $10.56 billion, respectively.
796 per cent, 310 per cent and 51 per cent.3 The production pattern and technological advantages are far ahead, with strategic customers opening up a new round of gold for holding: in the first quarter of 2019, with the first high-generation 10.5 generation of production globally, the Kyoto East is in LCD.
For the first time, it was seen that the cargo had leapfroged to the top of the world, and that it was far ahead of the industry in terms of the company’s high-generation liquid crystalline and amoled production configurations, which had created a competitive basis for the company. For a long time, companies had persisted in their research and development investment, and had accumulated a large amount of patents in the panel industry, the United States.
The global ranking of patent authorizations jumped from 21st place in 2017 to 17th place in 2018, and investment in technology research and development is the key to companies’ ability to continue to lead in this period of technological change in the industry. Management enforcement is also excellent, with a strong commitment to the 25-year Sword Development Strategy, with 15 years.
Development has shifted from industry entry to industry leader, with a firm goal of moving to a global “leader.” The company’s growing internal performance has also gained the support of its strategic client, “Hong Kong,” who has become a domestic leader, and the upcoming launch of “Hong Kong television” is expected to be a new challenger in the industry.
For the most important display panel suppliers and surrogates, the company will open a new round of gold development. Second, the company’s core business: display panel plus whole-of-the-board + smart health 1, double-sword sculpting: compost 10.5 liquid crystal panel lines + six-generation soft panel displays.
The company’s main income is currently from the LCD panel business, which reached 84% in 2018, with a higher profit ratio of about 88%, which is the backbone of the company’s revenue and profit contribution. Based on the global advantage of showing the size of the panel, the wisdom is based on LCD and the display system.
There are about 18 million products from the smart system, which are in the third and fourth places on the planet, with 15 per cent of business receipts, but only 8 per cent of profits. In addition, companies have introduced electronic labels in the field of digital art displays, based on the multi-year accumulation of displays of technology.
The global market is already more than 50%. The company has expanded its technical advantage in the field of photovoltaic display technology to the area of sensors, creating an intelligent, healthy ecological closure with “sensor+digital hospital plus old-age services”, although it is still at the stage of layout, with a mere 1% income and about 4% profit.
The main production line of the harvest was split, and the Chengdumoled line began to contribute: by taking the company in, we found that the current 8.5 generation liquid crystal panel line was the company ' s main source of revenue, which combined fat, and the three generation 8.5 lines of Beijing and Chongqing contributed almost three-quarters of the panel collection.
The Beijing 8.5 line, the first 8.5 generation line on China’s mainland, ended the China-continent era with the China-wide "no-foot crystal display age" and opened the process of nationalization of LCD screens, which in 2018 generated about 35% of the panels. The compost and Chongqing production dates back to 2013 and 2015, respectively.
They're 16% and 23% of the company's main power line, especially when the world's large-scale LCDs are taken down in the east of Kyoto, showing the top position of the panel. The first disclosure of the harvest in the east of Tokyo includes the 4.5 generation line of early production and the six-generation soft-led panel line of 2017, which we expect to be in place.
Two production lines contributed about 3.3 billion in 2018, of which amoled shows a panel harvest of nearly 1.9 billion, or nearly 60%. In addition, mature LCD lines, such as the fertilization 6- and Beijing 5-generation lines, received 13.9 billion and 3.6 billion, respectively, totalling more than 20%.
The 8.5-generation line in Fuzhou, the Fertilizer and the 10.5-generation line in Wuhan, has begun to contribute to the new growth momentum. The future company shows that the momentum of the panels is to maintain the 8.5-generation line in Fuzhou, which is high-yielding, and the 10.5-generation line at the end of the productivity slope, as well as the 10.5-generation line coming into production next year, is about to begin.
According to the company's annual report of 2018, the 8.5 generation tft-lcd production line in Fuzhou, which became operational in February 2017, created the best historical level of the 8.5 generation tft-lcd production line in the east of Kyoto, which is mainly located in the production and manufacture of the television panel 43, which is based on a glass base sheet of the current 8.5 generation line.
Billions, 10.6 billion and 10.4 billion. Second, as the world's first tft-lcd highest generation production line -- Fertilizer -- the 10.5 generation production line, which achieved a steady increase in productivity and capacity in March of last year, completed production capacity in 2018, is expected to be released in 2019, after climbing the slope, with a large size of 65 inches and above.
Mainly, the number of glass-based sheets capable of cutting by 65, which is based on the 10.5 generation line, is estimated to have completed the capping of the main structure at the end of November 2018, q2 is expected to start in 2020, and we estimate a contribution of 8.5 billion and 16.1 billion in 2020 and 2021, respectively.
In 2019, after a significant increase in the volume of bulk 6-generation amoleds, the twilight line began to climb. In 2018, the volume of amoled panels amounted to 4.1 million pieces and contributed about 1.9 billion, representing about 2.3 per cent of the total collection of panels as the first Chinese article and the second-generation 6-generation soft-appled in the world.
Production line - Chengdu's 6th-generation flexible aoled production line lighted in May 2017 and delivered production volume in October. As productive customers are imported and capped in 2018, they are gradually released in 2019. Reference 5.5 "amoled mobile phone panel, at a rate of 80%.
The production of the former line is expected to reach 37 million units in 2019, contributing 17 billion dollars. The amoled production line is three months ahead of completion of the main structural caps and is expected to produce as expected in 2019, but in 2019 it was a year of good climbs and productivity improvements that actually began to contribute a large proportion of the expected revenues.
2020. Because of the company ' s experience with the production line, the productivity rate should increase faster, with 2 intelligent manufacturing growing steadily, and the intelligent health service version opening, apart from the display and sensor enterprise (dbg) with the display panel at its core.
Sbg) and health service (hbg) are also business lines rooted in the company’s multi-year build-up of photovoltaic technology. Smart systems are based on intelligence retailing, manufacturing services, smart energy, and four major plates, using the advantage of displaying panel resources, companies are on LCD TV, monitors.
A substitute, a vehicle-based display product and a full-time replacement service can provide one-stop service to end-users, while the company expands into such areas as art screens and electronic price tags, where photovoltaic stations are another application of the company's photovoltaic conversion technology. Health services include mobile health, digital hospitals, and regeneration.
The four parts of the medical and health parks, thanks to the multi-year accumulation of optical sensor technology, now the company has developed a clean blood tester, a barbose tester, a smart sleeper, a portable electrocardial tester, a fat scale, etc.
The mobile health app3.0 has been successfully online, and the accompanying medical use scenes are already in use, and the intelligent health business page has been largely shaped to pre-optimise companies in the competition for a network of things.
Figure 8: Smart health business maps 16 billion and 1.150 billion in 2018, respectively. Growing by year - 12 per cent and 13 per cent, with the tv/mnt, which is predominantly intellectually manufactured, growing rapidly, and television/visa sets.
There are about 18 million aircraft, in third and fourth places around the world. Smart system operations have been growing at a high rate of over 40% since 2015, and the Māori rate has stabilized at around 10%, but in 2018 the harvests have come back because the price of the whole set of TVs has fallen considerably. Smart health operations have increased by 10% on a year-on-year basis.
Rapid and steady growth, with Māori rates rising from 50 per cent in 2014 to 60 per cent, overall intelligent systems and intelligent health operations are well organized, and future growth is relatively stable. According to sigmaintell data, in 2018, Kyoto LCD workers arrived.
One hundred and eighty-five thousand, a 28% increase in the same year, ranked third after Fuscant and Concord. The price of liquid crystal displays continued to fall last year, stimulating a marked warming of television output, and a full-time replacement under the Kyoto Eastern flag, with high-tech collaboration with international head brand manufacturers such as lg, Samsung and vizio.
And because of the large number of orders released to the surrogate market last year by brand manufacturers such as Samsung and lig, the number of orders from high-tech executives has increased significantly. In size structure, Boe is still dominated by small and medium size, with 43-inch panels cut mainly after the 8.5-generation line in Fuzhou, with 43-inch jets delivered equal to the volume of cargo.
Growth of over 80 per cent, plus 65 and 75 inches of growth in the company ' s full-time replacements this year: recovery of production capacity plus increased sales of brand client products + television push 1) restoration of plant capacity and start-up of new plants
Productions started in the month, the Chongqing plant completed construction and electronic tag production in 2018; the plant upgrade project in Suzhou completed a structural cap in December 2018, with the expectation of pulling the TV/VIS back through 2) continued to grow sales of brand client products
With the return of television sales, orders from the company ' s branded clients, Samsung and Ig, are expected to continue to grow, while Vizio, as the company ' s brand ' s client, has a strong demand in the North American market this year, a steady increase in vizio ' s orders, a 19 per cent increase in volume in the first quarter of 2019, significantly higher than the 7 per cent increase in volume in 2018.
Growing and increasing television sales by core clients have been key to bringing the company back into business as a whole. 3) Typing of core strategic clients: Hwa for a TV Sword to tens of millions, Hwa for a mobile screen core supplier, especially high-end flexible amoled screens.
Good partnerships have been established, and the two have been extended to the television field. As China's television release approached, and based on a 55-inch large-scale television panel supply, the Boe-Tung flag has become the core producer of the TV. We expect that China will be able to make further progress in the roll-out and sale of television.
(iii) Core competitiveness1 and national priorities: advantage in the scale of reverse investment achievements by leveraging local government funds
The panel industry is shown to be a highly cyclical industry, and, as it shows that technology is constantly changing and requires substantial capital investment to achieve technological and productive advantage. The company’s first line of production comes from the acquisition of a modern tft-lcd line in Korea, which was set at $380 million on January 22, 2003.
The successful acquisition of the tft-lcd (LCD) business of the Korea Modern Display Technology Corporation (hydis), which was the first time that mainland Chinese enterprises had mastered the core technology of tft-lcd, marked the beginning of China’s LCD panel industry.
In 2004-2005, the company increased the downward cycle of the panel industry, such as 2010-2014 and 2016-2018, with the generation-to-generation panel lines and two amoleds showing that the panel lines were under construction and that the amount of investment in the production lines announced by the company had reached 467.2 billion.
In the face of enormous capital spending pressures, Kyoto East has adopted an expansionary model of working with local governments to build production lines, which has greatly accelerated the expansion of Kyoto Oriental production lines. It is more than 15 years of continuous corporate investment that Kyoto East has established itself as a domestic and even global panel leader, showing the main liquid crystal-based panels in the country.
A comparison of the capacity of the panel manufacturer shows that whether the large, small and medium-sized liquid crystal panel is also an amoled display panel that represents the latest technological direction of the industry, the Kyoto East is far ahead of the production pattern. We believe that it is clear that the panel industry has the Mata effect, due to the industry's extremely high capital wall.
Soft and technical barriers, and the future, show a consistent pattern of competition among the strong in the panel industry, and the pre-emptive and large-scale advantage of the panel’s capacity will be the most important competitive advantage of the future company. From the core of the country’s five panels, there is a much more balanced distribution of the production capacity of both.
It's already very much the same in the large lcd panel area and the small and medium-sized amoled panel area, and in the small and medium-sized lcd panel area, there's only a certain advantage in the production capacity of the Deep Sky Horse.
The inch panel is ahead of Kyoto East, but it has no layout at all in the large-scale panel area. And Witsun and Shining Light and Light power are only available in the field of oled, and production capacity is far from Kyoto East, so Kyoto East will be the biggest beneficiary in the upward cycle that shows that the panel industry is at the bottom of the boom.
2. Innovative R & D capacity supports the long-term development of the long-term champions The panel industry is characterized by a long pay-off cycle in addition to the large amount of investment invested, and the industry is also characterized by the accumulation and long-term R & D investment of many years in panel preparation technology and cutting processes.
Expenditures rose from less than $2 billion in 2013 to around $7.2 billion in 2018, and the share of revenues was also built from the company ' s first amoled line, which is still a highly technologically difficult process for domestic panel displayers, especially organic.
The plating process in the optical layer requires a lot of testing and experimentation, even if the pioneers, like Tokyo East, still have to invest in huge R&D costs. After two years of intense R&D inputs and technology strikes, this year’s company’s flexible amoled display finally broke the pressure of the Samsungs.
“Respect for technology and adherence to innovation” is one of the important cultural genes of the Kyoto East, where research and development investment for many years has not only helped the Tokyo East to achieve a technological breakthrough, but has also created a technological advantage for the company's long-term competition.
Thirty-eight percent, over 4,000 patent applications and over 4.800 new patent additions in important areas such as oled, telepathic, artificial intelligence, big data. Of these, the United States authorized over 1.600: US business patent data show that the global ranking of US patents in Kyoto East jumped from 21st place in 2017 to 17th place in 2018.
They believe that the panel industry is at a turning point in demonstrating technological change, whether the amoled folding screen that will be applied to smartphones or the next generation of microlled shows that technology will change the way the industry competes, and that the technological advantage of the Kyoto East will eventually win the company in the shuffling of the panel industry.
The fact that China has emerged as a mobile phone is an indisputable fact, and that the IRCI monitors its exclusive share of the market since the end of 2018 has risen from 25% to 25%.
Thirty percent of the domestic market's mobile phone output rose in April this year only to China and Mi. Of the total stock of mobile phones, the number of Chinese mobile phones has reached 218 million, with 20% of the city's share, making it a well-deserved leader of the domestic smartphone market.
As a leader, China leads the technology of a new cash machine, p. 30, and a folding mobile phone, and the volume of output continues to rise, promising new development opportunities for the domestic smartphone supply chain. With pro, the first-ever use of the amoled screen, the lig and the Tokyo East serve as amoled screens.
However, due to defects in the quality of screens provided by lg, Kyodong has replaced lg in p30pro as the main supplier for China's amoled screens, and in the p30 model, with Samsung as the supplier. Last year, with only 4.1 million deliveries from kyoto amoled, it was unable to produce this year.
The market research company StonePartners states that Kyoto’s share in the softled market jumped from 0.1% in the first quarter of last year to the first year of the year.
Of the top five cellular brands, now, the oled screen penetration rate is far lower than that of the other three stars, apples and ov, we expect that the demand for the amoled screens is more than 100 million pieces, and that solid demand will drive a steady increase in domestic amoled screen sales, and in the east of Kyoto.
In 2019, industrial warming was shown, and technology was on the rise. In 2018, the world showed an industry of $108.2 billion, a 7% decline compared to the past five.
Technically, the shares of a-sitft-lcd (non-crystal silicon crystal displays) are eroded by ltpstftlcd (low temperature multi-crystal crystal displays) and ltpstftamoled (low-temperature multi-siliconeled displays). As the ltps process increases the laser fire (laseranneal) over a-si in the manufacturing process
The process, which is 100 times faster than a-si, makes it easier for itps to display the panel's back-reaction speed faster and smaller in size. At the same time, itps can more easily integrate driveic onto the base plate, have fewer links and components, and the manufacturing costs of the modules will be reduced and their stability will increase significantly.
The growth is in the oxide backboard amoledtv panel, which currently produces 2%. The market size of the panel is currently $25 billion, and we believe that in the smartphone field, the trend of the panel replacement liquid crystal has been established, and the screen penetration of the amoled cell phone is projected.
From 25 per cent in 2018 to 50 per cent.2 Kyoto’s long line is firmly in place, with a double peak in 2019 in the area and volume of shipments.
Four major areas become the world's leading producers. In concrete terms, the display panel, in 2018, went beyond lgd in competition for large LCD panels and monitor panels as global leaders, while the laptop and the tablet show that the volume of the panel was already in 2017.
In the first quarter of this year, with the production of 10.5 generation of compost, Kyoto East was once again able to produce more than lgd on the LCD panel, becoming the global smartphone panel in 2018, with about 1.87 billion pieces of it in demand at the end.
The impact of the drop was 6.1% compared to the previous year ' s recession, with the Kyoto smartphone panel being second only to the Samsung and third in the industry in total screen supply. According to the sigmaintell survey data, the total number of panels loaded in 2018 was about 160 million (excluding backloads), an increase of about the same amount.
6 per cent, and Kyoto East grew by 44 per cent in 2018, ranking first. Figure 27: Carboard displays ranking and same rate of growth in 2018, 3 Shows the cyclical nature of the panel industry: industry stops and a new industry boom begins.
The prices of liquid crystal display panels began to show signs of a steady recovery after a year and a half of decline, the month began to bounce, the 49's and 50's were stable, while the 55's and 65's of super-sized panels were still falling, but the drop was clearly narrow.
Industry supply contracted, demand increased, and industry moved into a new cycle. We think the wheel shows a split in the internal structure between 50 inches and 43 inches and below, driven by a reduction in Korea’s supply, and a steady, or even partial, rebounding, of 65 inches, driven by an increase in the supply of mainland producers.
The upper-sized price has continued to fall. The Korean plant, which is represented by lig and tristar, has gradually shifted part of the 8.5 generation line from the production of liquid crystal display panels to amoled, which has resulted in compressing the supply of small- and medium-sized lcd panels, thereby contributing to the warming of the price of small- and medium-sized panels. This year, the mainland plant, which is represented by light power from Kyoto and China.
With the opening of the first 10.5 generation line, the Boe (Kingdong) 10.5 generation line reached 120,000 units of full capacity in March, the csot 10.5 generation line began to produce goods in January, while the two 8.6 generation lines in Chinese electronics are climbing the slope, 65 in the first quarter of 2019 and above.
The size shows that the volume of the panel came mainly from mainland China, and the opening of the new supply led to a large size display, and the price of the panel is still falling, although the ring comparison is narrower. Figure 29: LCD panel prices
Figure 30: Price of smartphone panels Figure 31: Price of laptop panels Figure 32: Price of flatboard panels
By the end of 2018, the global panel industry had a balance of supply and demand, and the 2019 LCD panel price was expected to rebound fully. From the demand side of the global display panel, the main demand came from smart phones, television, educational and conference interactive panels, laptop computers, tablet computers, monitors, smart watches, vr/ar settings.
These include television, laptops, tablets, and vehicle screens dominated by lcd liquid crystal display screens, smart phones, smart watches, and mobile smart terminals such as vr/ar, which are the main demand scenes for amoled panels. All end-products for panels are shown throughout 2018.
The total demand for goods amounted to 212 million square metres, compared to 213 million square metres in 2018, an increase of 17.8 million square metres, or 9.1 per cent over the same period. The main reason for the year-long decline in the price of panels, beginning in mid-2017, was the continental lcd crystal.
With the recovery of LCD delivery in 2019, the average size of the product increased from 45 to 47 inches, and the demand for pull-through LCD displays has improved significantly. From the supply side, on March 20, Korea's Kb bond indicated that Samsung showed that the sdc would start 8.5 generations from the second half of the year.
The conversion of line 1.8 to the qd-oled line, with a reduced capacity of at least 105k, corresponding to a capacity area of 6370 km, reduced capacity supply, and the expected entry of industry into a slightly oversupply situation by 2019, is expected to boost the overall rebound in panel prices.
4. Trends in the LCD industry: Large-scale, high-sense intelligence has become the core driving force of the LCD industry, and global LCD television is constantly “larger” on average at at least 1-2 inches per year, especially in the markets of Western Europe and Latin America, where the growth rate in 2018 was above average. With the decline in LCD panel prices,
Consumers are willing to buy larger-sized television screens with the same amount of money. Global LCD flats have increased to 44 inches in 2018, and the average size of a television panel has increased by one inch to digest the capacity of an 8.5-generation tft-lcd production line. The global LCD television size is expected to be in 2019-2021.
It is expected to rise to 47 inches, 49 inches, and 50 inches, thus contributing to a significant increase in the volume of global LCD panels, and to a shift in the supply-demand balance between industry and supply-side oversupply. In addition to the demand for a “larger size” screen, smart television is the center of a family cinema.
According to a recent study by strategyanalytics, the global sales of smart television in 2018 reached 157 million, representing 67 per cent of total television sales throughout the year. In the fourth quarter of 2018, more than three quarters of television output was smart television. More than 85 per cent of North American television output was smart television.
During the period 2012-2017, the market for smart television consumption increased from 16.1 million to 47.37 million, with a compound annual growth rate of 24.09% and a rapid growth trend. In 2017, commercial television was included, with 56.11 million television outlets in mainland China.
In terms of intelligence penetration, 86% is far more than in other countries and regions. Because smart television has open operating systems and chips, open application platforms that allow two-way human interaction, people can freely choose to watch their favorite television programmes during their free time and follow them.
With the development of artificial intelligence technology, smart television can even recommend to its clients programs that are compatible with the user’s habits and preferences, and greatly improve the entertainment of television. According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, by 2020, the penetration rate of the smart television market is expected to be more than 90%.
In the field of TV, the sword means 10 million shipments. Although the price of LCD is falling every year, smart television has made it possible for many young people who no longer watch TV screens to re-take a smart TV.
Of that amount, rice television has grown by 229%, and has become the new "recent harvester" after Mi's cell phone. To date, it has risen to the third largest branding company in the world.
As a key link to the smart terminal ecosystem, the domain can be built with the brand influence of smartphones, with user sticky blending with smart television platforms. The goal is to sell 10 million devices a year, with a major screen size of 55 and 65 inches, and is expected to increase significantly.
Demand consumption for the size LCD panel and further improvement of supply and demand patterns in the large-scale panel industry.  The uhdultrahghdefinance LCD penetration rate for 4k and above continued to grow, with global volume of uhd4k LCD delivery reaching 75 million in 2017, a year-on-year increase.
40% long, and the penetration rate is close to 35%. It is expected to continue to grow by 30% in 2018, breaking 100 million, with over 45% penetration. Apart from the decline in the price of the uhd4k LCD panel, demand is driven by a total commercialization of 5g, with 4k and 8k of television content.
Transfer is possible. On 1 March 2019, the Ministry of Trade and Communications, the General Directorate of Electricity and Electricity and the General Directorate of Central Radio launched the Plan of Action for the Development of the Ultra-Chrysonic Video Industry (2019-2022), which will meet the high dynamic range (hdr), wide colour domains, three-dimensional sound, high frame rate, high color depth requirements by 2020.
4k TV terminals represent more than 40% of total television sales, and the total number of hours/year of central radio and television is expected to be an important driving force for people to change their TV sets. Figure 38: Global LCD penetration rate of 4k and above, 2015-2021
5. When the panel industry was right, Kyoto East was the first to step out of the bottom of the industry as a global leader, showing that the panel industry was close to the bottom to the left, and that there was a decrease in the turnover of the industry’s inventory and accounts receivable. We put China’s mainland China and Taiwan’s display of the panel’s champions, Kyungdong, Deep Heaven, Yuda Light Power, and Cluster.
As industry representatives observe, the growth rate of the industry as a whole has declined by the same year, and the profitability of the industry has slowed down to below zero, indicating that the industry is already operating at the bottom. Kyoto East, as industry leader, has taken the lead in getting out of the industry, starting with a single-season recovery in q3 in 2018.
The turnover rate has also been largely flattened, with a period of later rebounds. There has also been a marked improvement in the industry’s business indicators, showing a marked decrease in the inventory and accounts receivable swing days in the panel industry from the third and fourth quarters of 2018, indicating a marked improvement in the sales downstream of the panels.
The increase from q4 in 2018 reflects a significant improvement in upstream bargaining capacity.
A 25-year Sword Development Strategy: In 2003, Kyoto East, which acquired the modern liquid crystal sheet line, entered the field of displays and established a complete 25-year Sword Development Strategy and was firmly implemented for 18 years with strong corporate strategic implementation.
In 2003, the company absorbed modern panel manufacturing technology in Korea, and began a five-year “set-up period” (2007-2007), with the completion of the B1-Beijing 5 generation as the most important outcome of this phase, marking the company's formal mastery of technology in the panel industry. Financial crisis began in 2008.
With the global spread, Japan's liquid crystal panels, Sony, Sharp, closed production lines, Korea's tristars and logs delayed the start of the new plant, and Kyoto East launched a “reverse-cycle” expansion strategy. From 2008 to 2012, companies moved from “entryers” to “catching up”, completing the “Swords Strategy” sequence of technological innovation and scale expansion.
Lines, the 2014 wave in the domestic smartphone industry, and the first wave of countercyclical investments in Tokyo East, the year 2017, the year of the Iron Sword Strategy, the company completed its mission as a Challenger, creating the best profit achievement in history, re-introducing countercyclical fats, Chongqing and Fuku State three 8.5 generations.
In 2018, the company became a full-fledged panel leader, starting again as a “leader” to start a wooden sword strategy, and the company not only delivered on LCD, laptops, tablets, monitors, but also in five major areas.
Quantified global leadership, and began to reflect deeply on the transition of the “wood sword” to the “swordless” phase, proposing a strategic approach of “three rebalancing”: achieving equity between asset- and asset-based business rebalancing in the context of the new normality of the Chinese economy: rebalancing market opportunities and capacity-building in the context of the fourth industrial revolution: global politics
Trade rebalancing in the context of the new economic landscape. In 2019, the company’s advantage as a global leader became more apparent, and, with the advantage of the world’s first 10.5 generation of full production and sales, it gained a “double crown” in the volume and size of the liquid crystal panel.
VI. Profit forecasting, valuation analysis and investment rating 1. Financial analysis: clear improvement in profit and profit margins, rollover of business indicators. Significant improvement in profit and return on net assets of 1q19.
The year-on-year growth in corporate collections, which grew by 4.8 per cent, 13.3 per cent and 22.7 per cent, respectively, from the third quarter of 2018 to the first quarter of 2019, has been marked by an improvement over the season (no rounding data has been used here because of the apparent seasonality of the panel industry).
At the end of 2018, the capacity utilization rate began to increase substantially, and is now fully available, and the capacity utilization rate of 6 generation amoled has also increased significantly, with more than 4 million units delivered in the first quarter of this year, corresponding to last year's year's total output, generating an increase in revenue from the bottom of the industry.
In terms of profitability, the profit margin also rebounded from 1 to 5 per cent in the first quarter of 2019, and the net asset return also rebounded, both indicators indicating that the profitability of the company began to recover, that there was a turning point in the business indicators, and that capital expenditure and inventory/receivables showed signs of improvement.
Starting in the first quarter of the year, the firm's capital expenditure as a percentage of its revenue has risen after six consecutive quarters, and the logic behind this is that after the industry's downward cycle of “reverse investment”, after the industry's new cycle begins, the company enters the harvest period, and thus has an improved pre-depreciation profit margin.
The declining number of months of turnover is further evidence of improved downstream demand in the industry, increased repayment capacity and end-of-life demand in the company, and we have judged that the company’s fundamentals have emerged in the first quarter of this year.2 The profit forecast is that the amoled relay has become a nuclear power for revenue growth.
In 2018, the original production line contributed close to 80 billion dollars, mainly in Beijing, and the three main production lines of the 8.5 generation line of Chongqing, which contributed mostly to the production of the second six-generation line, the Beijing 5-generation line and the Chengdu Moled 6-generation line.
We believe that the next three years will be the 10.5 line of fertilizer, the Chengdu-Mooled 6 generation line and the martial arts, the completion of the renovation of the Sioux State factory, the build-up of the fertilizer and Chongqing plant capacity, and the introduction of new growth dynamics by the strategic customers, the operation of the smart system, which is based on a full-time machine, is expected to be operational in 2019.
Although it shows that the panel business is warming with the industry, in 2019 and 2020, there was a positive shift from amoled II to fixed assets and further increases in depreciation, as well as a hedge, the increase in the Māori rate as a result of the increase in the panel price, and the overall Māori rate is expected to rise over the next three years.
1) The expected market surplus and the eps growth ratio (p/etopsgrovethrate, peg) shows that the panel industry is at the bottom of the industry cycle, particularly the downstream cycle, with many panel companies meeting at a loss, while at high industry points there is a significant increase in profitability, leading to greater valuation volatility at p/e.
During the last industry landscape cycle, after the company had reversed its losses, the p/e valuation ranged from 24-35x, public 2) market net rate (pricetobook, p.bv) showed that the panel industry showed clear cyclical fluctuations, as measured by historical share price performance in Kyoto East, and public prices.
Division share prices fluctuated around the net assets of 1.0x-2.2x, with net asset returns ranging from 1 to 1 respectively, and the growing demand for electronic end-products, which affected the demand for panels and hence the continued decline in panel prices. In addition, as a result of the China-United States trade war, corporate strategic customers were very high.
The supply of end-of-life core parts has been hampered, resulting in a drop in the volume of shipments and even stagnation, and a possible decline in the volatility of the good rate following the large-scale production of flexible surface 2 and panel displays, which has had an adverse impact on profitability, with the impact on the productivity of the production line of the dot g6moreed.
A 45 per cent increase in corporate fixed assets at the end of 2018, with the deferred income tax liability at the same time as the increase, was then calculated on an average basis to arrive at the final rating as an average market investment