Cycling and growth resonance, with the panel showing the Dragon Sword as the world's number one - the first coverage report in Kyoto Easta - strongly recommended (first rating)
In the short term, companies benefit from a contraction in supply, and the price of the lcd panel stops to rebound, and the level of profitability is expected to be stable; in the medium and long term, because of the high generation of lcd production lines.
The East, a world-class panel that shows leading firms, is expected to share long-term profit dividends from increased industrial concentration and cyclical weakening after the winter. The business of olid and the Internet is a growing business.
The company is expected to grow at a sustained pace, based on years of investment in the smooth progress of the oled and the Internet. For the first time, the pre-position was covered, with a “strongly recommended” rating. After more than a year of decline, the 32-inch panel price is now close to the cash of some of the panel producers.
The cost, coupled with a gradual improvement in supply and demand by the panel manufacturer, is expected to be counterproductive in the short term, with a large volume of LCD panel production, which, if calculated for 65 inch capacity, will add 59 million LCD panels to the industry by 2021, while demand-side increases will be mainly in the future.
Since the large size of LCD television, according to ihsmarket data, industry demand for 60 inches above the upper decks is less than 20 million by 2021, and the supply is much larger than the demand. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Compared to lcd, which shows a clear technological advantage, there is a natural advantage in fingerprinting, heterosexual screens, narrow borders, curves, etc. Under the lead of large factories like Apples and Samstars, the oled has become the label of high-end mobile phones. The only current factor limiting the continued penetration of the oled is the lack of capacity.
Well, 90% of the market is supplied by Samsung. Domestic manufacturers are now actively expanding the capacity of the oled. The company's 6th-generation aoled line is the first flexible line of production in mainland China.
Construction, with improved production and utilization rates already in place, and companies benefiting fully. 1, lcd: short-term price rebounds, supply and demand imbalances over the next 2-3 years will be the norm, 1.1. lcd Industry: strong cyclical, reversible growth achievement dominance.
1.1.1, lcd profile and classification Icd full-title LCD display, constructed to inject liquid crystals into two glass panels, base plate glass with tft (film transistor tubes) and top sheet glass with colour filters through tft signals with
The voltage changes to control the direction of the fluid crystal molecules, thus reaching the level of control of the deflection of each pixel point, and figure 1: lcd basic construction of the lcd panel can be divided into a-si, gzo, ltps, etc.:
(1) A-si is non-crystal silicon technology, the disadvantage of which is that it is not bright enough because of its high technical maturity and good quality and lower production costs. 90% of the current global high-generation liquid crystal panels of more than eight generations use a-si technology.
(2) igzo is a zinc oxide, and the igzo technique is one of a metal oxide (oxide) panel technology. Compared to a-si technology, igzo has a high resolution, low power consumption, and also strong bending properties. But igzo has a relatively short useful life, is sensitive to water, oxygen, etc., and can be operated for too long.
There's a degree of decline in dependency and stability. (3) ltps are low-temperature, crystalline silicon, which has an advantage over a-si technology in being thin, light weight, low power consumption, higher resolution, faster response, more brightness, and better match with oed. But it's missing.
The point is that, for technical reasons, it is not possible to obtain better applications on large-scale panels. 1.1.2, lcd panel manufacturing processes tft-lcd liquid crystal panel manufacturing processes include three segments: array (array) process in the preceding segment, and boxing in the middle.
The array process is the most complex part of the tft-lcd process, similar to the semiconductor process, which produces millions of membrane transistors on the glass base plate, including 4-6 membrane sedimentation and photo-engineing processes; the boxing process is to use the aray glass from the front as the base sheet, and the colouring process.
The coloured filtration glass base plate is combined and is injected into a liquid crystal (lc) between the two glass base panels, which guides the arrays to the film, forming the liquid crystal box; the modular assembly is the process of assembly, testing, packaging out of the reservoir of various zero components, using the panel and circuits, outer frames, back panels, etc.
Boxing (cell) process Array process Model assembly (module) process
1.1.3 Reverse investment facilitates the transfer of industries The panel industry is a strong-cycle industry. When a size panel is recognized by the market, demand increases, profits from enterprises increase significantly, and investment expands, so the product is rapidly oversupplyed, prices drops and businesses profit.
Lubricity has been significantly reduced, and the decline in tablet prices has led to a further expansion in the range of LCD applications, which in turn has led to an oversupply, higher prices, and a full cycle that includes a greater supply than demand, an industrial climate, a recession, an oversupply, a rising industrial climate, and so on. In addition, a panel enterprise is a high investment, a return.
The cost of purchasing production equipment, recruiting technicians and assemblers is very high in the long-cycle industries, for example, the investment of about 25 billion yuan in building an 8.5-generation panel production line. So it shows that the panel business needs to move backwards and expand at the bottom of the industry in order to be able to cross the industry down the next round.
In the early 1990’s, the panel industry was dominated by Japanese, and Korean firms took advantage of the downside of the industrial cycle to absorb Japanese engineers and reversible investments.
Billions of dollars to build a panel production line, and soon the industry’s dominant position was transferred from Japan to South Korea. Taiwan’s panels have adopted the same strategy on several occasions in 2001-2003, and their share of the market has surpassed that of Japan as the world’s second-largest, with the so-called “faces” of Soyuda Photoelectrics, Chimmy Electronics, Guanghua Electronics, China Maps, and the Xianxing Crystals, among others.
China’s mainland businesses, led by the Tokyo East, have adopted the same strategy since 2009, and China’s share of global markets has continued to rise, rising rapidly from 3% to 28% in just eight years, exceeding Taiwan’s position.
Second in the world, China’s continent is expected to outpace South Korea this year, becoming a global powerhouse. The history of panel energy change 1.2, needs analysis: big size is the main engine of growth in panel demand
Shows a larger number of downstream applications, mainly in the areas of television, notebooks, monitors, tablet computers, smartphones and commercial display products, with the largest demand for television panels and the most demand for lcd.
1.2.1, smartphones and pc market demand is close to saturation, with limited growth, smartphones, tablets and pc markets are saturated, and market demand is slowing down. According to the latest report released by idc, global smartphone output is expected to drop by 4.1 per cent in 2018, which is required by the smartphone market.
For the second consecutive year, it is unlikely that there will be significant growth in the future, given that mobile penetration is already high. The traditional markets, pc, notebooks, etc., are already in maturity, with limited scope for growth.
Cell phones, more than 80% of the size of the screen, have a screen size close to 18:9. Large screen phones have a better experience in video, game, etc. applications, better cater to consumers, and are widely admired by consumers, but subject to the size of their hands, the overall size of their phones is not too big, otherwise consumers cannot handle them alone, so they call.
The only way to meet consumers' needs is to build a full screen and raise the size of the screen. The typical screen ratio used for traditional smartphones is 16:9, while the full screen ratio is close to 18:9, so that the same size of a cell phone increases the screen size of the full screen by about 12.5%.
It's a high-end mobile phone. With the release of the product and the increase in market penetration, the demand for the lcd panel will be suppressed in the medium to long term. The oled cellular penetration will continue to increase.
1.2.2. Large-scale television penetration drives the growth of demand for panels. Large-scaleization has become one of the most important applications of lcd, accounting for about 71% of the demand for icd panels. As a result of rising consumption and technological developments, television has grown in size in recent years.
The trend is clear. So, while the delivery of TV Tv has stabilized at a certain level, the large-size ratio has driven the demand for panels to increase. According to ihs, the volume and the size of television panels 60 and larger in the next few years will continue to rise.
For every 1 inch increase in television size, the additional demand is equivalent to 1.2 120 k/m/day output of 8.5 generation lines. According to the congenial consulting data, the global LCD panel produced 284 million pieces in 2018, with an increase of 1 inch a year, the price of the global LCD panel increased from 151 million m2.
To 158 million square metres, an increase of approximately 7 million square metres per year. Currently, about 5.94 million square metres per year are produced by a monthly production capacity of 120,000 modules (assuming a 75% supply), which is equivalent to a 1 inch increase in television size, and an additional demand is equivalent to approximately 1.2 120 k/m2. The future will therefore be accompanied by a large tv panel.
Global demand for tv panels is expected to continue to grow as the sized penetration rate continues to rise.60 and larger inches of television panels (millions of pieces) are available.1.2.3, emerging applications are rising, and panel demand applications are being opened.
With the intelligent penetration of cars, the car screens have become an inescapable addition to the industry, becoming the third small and medium-sized panel application market after the mobile phone, the flat market. Car monitors can be divided into four main categories: instrument displays, head displays, and controlled displays.
The screens, back seat entertainment screens. The bus panels are now rapidly moving towards multiple screens, large screens, and touch control, and the industry pioneers, represented by Tesla, are pushing up the screen and touch-control vehicle, showing that the monitors are becoming larger, more functional and more valuable, which boosts the overall need for the vehicle to display the panel.
The market value of vehicle monitors has grown rapidly in recent years, reaching $9.8 billion in 2022, an increase of up to 12.8 per cent. In addition to the above-mentioned markets for television, mobile phones, vehicles, etc., there are a large number of new business opportunities in the area of liquid crystal panels applications, with high potential in the city.
1.3. Supply analysis: A new phase-out round is opening, the continental panel industry rises 1.3.1, the cyclical nature of the panel industry: the power phase contraction and expansion are the key to changing supply and demand. The panel is a highly cyclical industry that forms a distinct cycle every few years.
While demand is usually stable and does not change significantly, supply tends to have concentrated inputs or exits that result in large shifts in the supply curve, leading to price fluctuations, which makes analysis of the cycle critical. For the most recent cycle, for example, in 2016, three stars, lig, etc., were selected on the olid.
By increasing the layout and thus selectively closing off some of the lcd’s capacity, coupled with the Taiwan earthquake, the supply of liquid crystal panels was out of order and prices were rising, with the industry recovering. But with 17 and 18 years of official production of new high-generation panels in the country, the LCD is back in the downward trend.
The liquid crystal panel algebra is divided according to the size of the glass base plate and is produced using a large glass base plate, which is produced on the glass floor and then cut into different sizes.
The higher the panel algebra, the larger the size of the panel, the greater the number of screens to be cut, the more efficient and cost-effective. For panel cutting, the number of panels to be cut is called cutting.
This means that the production line is more efficient. For example, using the 7- and 10.5-generation lines, assuming that two products are the same 65-inch cut, the 7-generation line can cut only three panels and use only about 64 per cent of the base plate, while the 10.5-generation line can cut eight panels and use more than 80 per cent of the base plate.
mmg cannot cope with large-scale panel demands. mmg refers to the production of multi-sized panels, such as the 8-generation line, which was originally designed to produce 55-inch panels, which, if used to produce 65- and 70-inch panels, would be much less efficient. The panel manufacturer, in response to the growth of large-sized panels, is on the low-generation line.
The mmg method is used to increase the use of the base plate, but it is only a short-term and inefficient one. In response to the big screen demand, major manufacturers compete for a high generation line, and the ratio of large-sized panels is expected to rise rapidly over the next few years.
The television panels are heavily screend and the demand for small-sized panels is limited. 55 inches of large television are now mainstream, and it is expected to grow by 65 inches, 70 inches, or even higher in the future. The 8.5 generation economy is cut by 55 inches, and if it is used to cut 65 inches, it becomes uneconomical, then a higher generation-wide panel line is needed, with large panels only.
Cutting on high-generation lines is economically effective, while higher-generation production lines are usually more invested, and only the top factory can be built. According to the current plans of the various manufacturers, by 2022, large panels will be built in seven new 10.5-generation plants in different parts of the country that will form large-scale panels in the coming years.
1.3.3 Industry shuffling is on, and the mainland is competing for the voice of the panel industry chain The next generation of Korean capitalists are actively deploying technology to phase out the production of lcd. In the face of the continental corporate offensive, Korean profilers are no longer able to suppress it on scale, but they are still visible in technology and product structure.
With the continued profitability of the lcd panel business becoming more difficult, both lg and tristars are pushing the line from lcd to led. So far, Samsung and lgd have launched a capacity conversion program, which plans to gradually convert the 8.5-generation line to the od-oled panel in order to avoid the coming volume of the continent's 10.5-generation line.
In the face of the expansion of mainland businesses, the Taiwan panelers were unable to cope, and Taiwan's liquid crystal panels, which were once inexhaustible, were gradually falling.
Among them, China’s annual losses are being applied for bankruptcy reorganization at the end of last year, while other manufacturers are trying to avoid competition with continental firms and to create a new way of shifting the focus of their operations to small markets such as commercial displays and cars. The continental panel industry is rising rapidly, and the global position continues to rise.
China, China, Taiwan, and Japan. With more 10.5 generation production in the future, mainland producers will outperform South Korea and become global panel owners. According to congener consulting data, China's continental panel is expected to have more than 40% capacity in the global LCD panel market in 2019, and by 2022.
Industry shuffling has opened, and the domestic panel industry is expected to win. As previously analysed, mainland China’s enterprises continue to invest in higher-generation panels, with Samsung and lg opting for a strategic phase-out of the lcd market, and Taiwan and Japanese firms are no longer able to expand further. In the long run, there will be an overwhelming shift in future industries to the mainland.
As a result of the continued production of high-generation production lines, it can be expected that excess capacity will be the norm in the coming years, that companies that will be able to weather the cold winter in the future will probably be created in China and South Korea, and that the remaining firms will be expected to share the long-term profit dividends of increased industrial concentration and cyclical weakening.
1.3.4. Major global panel manufacturers China Mainland Region: Tokyo East: The company was established in April 1993 and began building the first tft-lcd on the mainland in 2003.
At the start of production lines, including production and production on the verge of production, the company now owns 11 production lines and is the global lcd panel leader. In 2018, the company showed the world’s largest total volume of goods from panels, with the world’s annual revenue of $97,109 million in 2018, an increase of 3.53 per cent, and a net profit of $3,435 million.
China Star Photovoltaics: Founded in 2009 and now including production and production lines, the company has six production lines and is one of the major global panel suppliers. On large-scale panels, the company position sdc: The company is a subsidiary under the three-star electronic flag, formerly a co-founder of Japanese Sony and Samsung electronics.
The company is the world's largest medium-sized and small-sized amoled manufacturer and is also the main supplier of the lcd panel. The company now owns 10 layers of lgd, including lcd and oled: the company was established in 1985 and now includes production and production lines.
13 production lines, the world ' s largest producer of lcd, and the only global realization of large-scale olid jdi: a new company founded on 1 April 2012 by three joint ventures in the Toshiba, Sony and Yokoki lcd sectors with the world ' s most advanced ltps process technology, is the world ' s most advanced medium-sized and small-sized display.
Since 2017, the company’s revenues have declined as a result of the penetration of the high-end mobile phone by the oed.jdi has six factories in Japan, of which the Ishikawa factory is a six-generation plant, mainly producing smartphone display screens; the bird extraction plant produces car-car panels, and the Dongura plant produces equipment panels. There are five overseas.
The company was founded in 1996 under the name of Dao-Tech, which in 2001 was merged with Soo-Thai Photovoltaics, which in 2006 was re-purchased with Soo-Da, and now has 14 panel production lines.
On the other hand, in 2018, Yoyoda achieved 30.7 billion yuan worth of PV, a decline of 9.8% compared to the previous year, and a net profit of 10.16 billion yuan a year, a decline of 69% compared to the previous year.
The Division has 14 panel lines. In 2018, crowd-based photovoltaics generated 27,936 million new tiles, a 15.1% decline in the same year, and net profits of 2,223 million tiles, a 94% decline in the same year. Corporate Māori rates and net interest rates were 10.73% and capacity strategies were adjusted, respectively, and the prices of small and medium-sized television panels stopped rebounding.
There has been no significant growth, while the market for lcd television panels has been severely oversupplyed over the past year, leading to a sharp fall in the price of the mainstream panels, with some 32-inch television panels offerings approaching the cash cost level of some of the manufacturers, with dynamic panel suppliers adjusting their production capacity structures, reducing the supply of small-scale television, and gradually restoring the balance between supply and demand.
Figure 21: 32 inch hd panel cash cost Three Stars decided to close the 8.5 generation line and 48-50 inch panel prices were stable. Over the past 1 year, the lcd capacity has increased significantly, and the rapid decline in panel prices has prompted Sam to switch production early and decided to close the 8.5 generation line in Korea in June 2019.
It takes about six months to convert the production capacity of l8-1-1lcd to qd-led television. Currently, the tristar l8-1-18.5 glcd line is used mainly to produce 49 inches and 55 inches of panels, so the price of the 48-50 inch panel has stopped steadily under the reduction schedule.
In terms of demand, the demand for panels in the coming years will continue to be the increase in television size. The market for mobile phones, pcs, and notebooks is saturated.
Full screen penetration is already high, future incremental markets are not contributing significantly to the overall demand for panels, emerging markets are smaller than currently available markets such as vehicles, medical care, etc., and the demand for panels does not boost much. tv markets, for which demand for over-sized panels of 60 inches and above is growing rapidly. ihsmarket data show that in 2018,
Over 60-inch television panels are expected to produce more than 20 million pieces of cargo annually, and by 2021 they could reach 39 million pieces, or 14 per cent of the overall demand for television panels.As far as supply is concerned, a large amount of LCD panel production is expected to take place between 2019 and 2021.
The 10.5 generation line is the most suitable for cutting 65 inches and 75 inches, and can cut 8 inches of 65 inches or 6 inches of 75 inches, respectively. Based on the production plans of the various manufacturers, the panels measure that the additional capacity can cut 5904 million pieces of 65 inches of television or 4,428,000 inches of 75 in each year.
The supply is far above demand, and the panel industry is not optimistic for the next 2-3 years. According to these estimates, the industry will supply 59 million new 65-inch liquid crystal panels by 2021 at 65 inches of capacity, while the demand side will see the increase in the future mainly from the large size of LCD television, which will be new for 60 in 2021.
The demand is less than 20 million, and the supply is much larger than the demand, so it will be difficult to absorb such a huge energy release over the next 2-3 years unless other industries, such as the Internet, smart households, car-borne markets and the accelerated phasing out of old production.
A new course for the panel industry, a continental curve overcarriage 2.1, a new generation showing technology 2.1.1, and a technical profile for the oled
It's all called organic luminescence diodes, unlike the traditional lcd display, which uses light without backs, very thin coatings of organic material, which is driven by external voltage, and which glows, and which, because of the lack of backlights required by lcd, is thick, responsive,
The basic structure of the oled is to create a layer of tens of nano-hungry light material on the too glass, too transparent electrodes and metal electrodes as the anodes and the cathodes of the device, from the cathode and the cathode to the luminum layer at a certain voltage of electrons and caves, respectively.
Disaggregated by driver, the oled can be divided into amoled (active matrix oled, or active matrix oled) and pmoled (passive matrix oled, or passive array oled).
Light, the advantage is that the process is simple and low-cost, and the disadvantage is that it is not suitable for application on large size and high-resolution panels and is not in line with development trends; amoled uses a stand-alone tft to control every pixel, and each pixel can light continuously and independently, with the advantage of driving low voltage, long-lived luminous components, complex processes, cost.
It's not easy to control. Amoled owns the bulk of the market and represents the mainstream direction of development. 2.1.2, amoled processes, amoled processes include backboards, front sections, and three modules. Backboard processes
is the formation of an ltps-driven circuit through a membrane, exposure, etching of different materials in different graphics, which provides a light signal for the radiator, as well as a steady power input.
The front section process plats organic luminous materials and materials such as cathodes through high-precision metal masking (fmm) plating on the backboards, forming luminators in combination with power-driven circuits, and sealing them in anaerobic environments to protect the flow chart of the organic plating segment process
The module segment process cuts off the enclosed panel into the actual product size and then carries out various processes, such as radiometer attachments, control lines and chip alignment, an ageing test and product packaging, which eventually takes the form of a process chart for the client module segment.
2.1.3, the advantage of the oled is clear: it has a colour range of more than 40% in terms of performance, product processes and environmental adaptation and costs, compared to lcd technology; it has a perfect visual experience and responds quickly.
It is also less expensive; in terms of thickness, the oled screen is also less thick than the oled product process; the oled technology has lower material consumption and fewer engineering steps, process multiple processes
Adaptive conditions: oled is a solid display that is more insensitive to temperature and pressure and can be adapted to a wider temperature and pressure environment; oled is spontaneous, with a particularly strong black performance, and is suitable for a higher brightness of light, whether in dark or bright conditions, which is better than lcd.
Cost advantages: while the product structure, processes, materials consumption have advantages over lcd, there are a number of problems that limit the current large area of led: for asset-intensive industries, good rates are one of the key indicators determining costs, good rates.
High and low can have a significant impact on costs. useful life: lcd has a useful life well above that of the oled key equipment monopolized: distillation is the core of the oled production process and is currently distilled
Almost all of the equipment is monopolized by the Japanese company Tokki, and the ability to acquire tokki's equipment determines whether the panel manufacturer is successful. But it is now largely owned by the tristars, with only 1 to 2 units available in lig and Kyoto East, and technical barriers have somewhat constrained the spread of the product.
2.2, demand for oled: Mostly smartphones and appliance devices, which are currently used in small and medium sizes: smartphones and wearing devices, vr/ar, among other emerging industries. The advantage of oled in large sizes is that the cost of manufacturing is too high, according to ihsmarkit.
It is estimated that the cost of manufacturing the 65 inch 4k curable-led panel is US$ 3,029. It is nearly seven times higher than the cost of the traditional tft-lcd television module in the same size and resolution.
A new generation of mobile phone iphonex screens has attracted a lot of attention in the market, followed by a growing number of hands-on-manufacturers using oled. According to ihs, by 2020, the number of amoleds on smartphones had reached about 1.2 billion, of which about 732 million were soft screens.
Smart phone amoled forecasts, folding cell phones generate market concerns and are expected to further stimulate soft-led demand. In February 3, both stars and China launched folding phones, while the core technology behind folding screens is soft-led.
On the panel, currently only about 1.1 million deliveries are made this year due to a small number of energy-producing folders, so penetration is low. With more panels joining, witsview expects penetration by 2022, and television is also one of the important applications of flexible amoled.
Currently, the market penetration rate is extremely low due to the low rate and cost, as well as the fact that the large size of the board is only lig, and according to idc it is projected that by 2020 there will be 9.5 million shipments of the global board, increasing the penetration rate to 3 per cent.
It's expected that future TV screens will still be dominated by lcd. 2.3, oled supply: Korea leads olid, China mainlanders are on the run.
South Korea’s tristars and lig monopolize flexible panel capacity, and the continent’s active expansion should respond to the shortage. The market’s current supply of soft panels is very limited, and production is concentrated in South Korean manufacturers, especially small-sized flexible amoled, in a desperate state, with 90% of the market currently supplied by Samsung.
It is expected that the supply and demand situation will be alleviated by 2020, and domestic manufacturers such as Kyoto East, Visino, and Shining Light Power, which now account for a relatively small share of domestic production worldwide, will be released as domestic manufacturers gradually release their capacity.
In 2020, China will be the world ' s second-largest supplier after Korea, with a total capacity ratio of 28 per cent.3 Kyoto East: Cycles and Growth Resonance, Long-term Space 3.1, Global Panel Big Dealers
The main business of the company is divided into three blocks: portware, smart systems and health services. The portware consists of panels, ar/vr, sensors, etc.; and the smart system operations consist mainly of smart manufacturing, smart retailing, smart car connections, etc.
Health services focus on digital hospitals, digital humans, regenerative medicine, solutions, etc. to provide clients with a full range of life-cycle health management programmes.
Wang Dongsheng founded the Tokyo East in 1993 and in 1994 the company set up a panel to display the tft-lcd project to follow up on the technology shown in tft, pdp, fed, etc., and to identify the field of LCD displays; and in 2001 the Public Administration acquired the business of stn-lcd and oled from the Korea Modern Electronics Company Ltd. and entered the mobile display industry.
In the same year, the company went to the market; in 2003, it invested the first demonstration of the mainland built on autonomous technology The production line - the 5th generation tft-lcd production line in Beijing in the east of Kyoto - filled the void in the domestic tft-lcd display of industry and ended the “no autonomous LCD era” in mainland China; and in 2009, the company invested a series of 8.5 generations.
and 6-generation tft-lcd production lines, which resulted in the nationalization of the whole series of LCD screens in China; the construction of the first amoled production line in 2011, which filled the void in China ' s amoled industry; the construction of the 8.5-generation tft-lcd production line in Yingdong; and the construction of Chongqing in Kyeongdong in 2013
The 8.5-generation tft-lcd production line was combined with the creation of the Smart Systems Enterprise (sbg); in 2014, smartphone screens, tablets, screens, laptops, screens, screens, etc., the company set up a health service complex (hbg) in 2015.
In 2016, the company invested in the construction of the 6th-generation flexible amoled production line in the east of Kyoto. In 2017, the bulk-sized liquid sheet of the public division was the world's leading product in terms of volume and volume of small- and medium-sized liquid sheeting.
3.2. Corporate financial analysis, looking at the company ' s past operating income and net profits, shows that: The income continues to grow at a high rate, with the company growing almost tenfold in nine years.
A strong cyclical industry, with a short-term concentration of panel industry output, has led to an impact on the supply and demand situation of the industry as a whole, with the continued downswing of panel prices affecting the net interest rate of the industry as a whole until some of the production lags, supply-side contractions, improvements in industry fundamentals, upswings in panel prices, etc.
The net interest rate for the industry as a whole has improved, and the net profit has rebounded considerably.
On the other hand, the intellectual health service has been on the upswing, and the company's Māori volatility is mainly based on the volatility of the monitors roe, with the net interest rate on sales being the main contributor to the roe shift. The contribution rate is measured by the variation in the indicators as measured by the marginal change in the roe. We calculate the net interest rate on sales, total asset turnover and rights.
The contribution rate of the three indicators of the multiplier explores the dominant factors of the change in the roe. As can be seen from the figure below, most of the year changes in net interest rates on sales have resulted in a change in the roe, but there are also a few other factors that dominate, such as 2011, 2014 and 2016, as they were issued in 2014 and 2016 respectively.
Increases in corporate debt have affected equity multipliers and asset turnover. 3.3, lcd, led, three-wheel drive with the Internet, and long-term growth space of 3.3.1, lcd operations: both cycle and growth attributes, with prospects for sustained growth
Supply and demand structures have improved, and the price of small-sized television panels has stopped rebounding. On the price side, the swing price has fallen from July 2017 to eight months, and the 32 inch price has fallen from $74 to $41, which has already fallen to the cash cost of some of the panels.
By mid-year, the l8-1-1 line under the flag will be closed and converted to od-led capacity for approximately six months, which will result in a reduction of about 3 per cent in the capacity of the industry panel during this period, which will help to alleviate the current oversupply of the industry. The three-star l8-1-18.5 glcd line is currently used mainly to produce 49 inches and 55 inches of panels, which are expected to be produced.
With the closure of the Samsung plant and improved supply and demand, small-sized television panels will have both growth and cyclical properties in the next few quarters, and the size of the lcd business is expected to continue to grow. As previously analysed, the market is in. In large-sized panel production for 65 and above, the current g8.5 generation production is clearly limited.
Thus, with the growth in the average size of television, the higher generation line, especially 10.5 generation, is expected to benefit more. The company now has four 8.5 generation lines and a 10.5 generation line, in addition to a 10.5 generation line.
As the demand for large-scale panels increases in the market is expected to become operational in 2020, companies will not only be able to take up more market shares in the future, but will also be expected to achieve more economic benefits.
In October 2017, the company built its first, second, soft-moled line throughout the world and is currently investing in the second and third soft-moled production line.
When built, the company’s flexible mooled capacity is expected to reach 144k/month, making it the second-largest flexible amoled manufacturer in the world after the three stars. Filling the demand gap is expected to significantly increase the company’s profitability.
The main reason for rapid penetration is that there is a strong degree of certainty of demand after the company’s capacity is released. Moreover, because of the current demand for and supply of oled, the competition pattern is much better than the lcd panel, and once good rates and capacity utilization are improved and costs are reduced, it is expected that the company’s profitability will be significantly enhanced. According to our calculations, the company came from oled in 2019 and 2020.
In order to achieve a balance of gains and losses for this year ' s uned business, profits started in 2020. 3.3.3. Intrude in smart systems and intelligent medicine, build a diverse platform, create intelligent goods and create intelligent systems.
Inner and expansive means have built up four major business systems, including smart manufacturing, intelligent retailing, intelligent cars, and intelligent energy. The divisional intelligent manufacturing industry is designed to create an integrated intellectual manufacturing system by destabilizing traditional manufacturing models.
Personalized custom services to give users a new experience of intelligent manufacturing services.
The main products include boe screens in the field of retail art, electronic prices in the commercial field, and financial retailing, among others.
Smart Energy: Focusing on the green energy sector, including the construction of photovoltaic power plants, investment operations, etc., companies now own and stockpile high-quality photovoltaic power stations that exceed 2gw
Intelligent Car Union operations are based on Precision International, which provides customers with a car-networked solution called "Video Plus Full-Car Electronics System" with a clear technical advantage in cross-border construction of health services. Health services services are a product of the company's accumulation over the years.
The company currently provides mobile health services, including mobile health, digital medicine, regenerative medicine, and health parks. In 2017, the company acquired the cnoga company into mobile health services, cnoga.
Based on this, the company has further introduced the Boe no-share blood system, which collects the body of the client through the blood-free tests, the blood-free tests, the brain waves, etc.
Data, in-depth, professional analysis by an intelligent medicine assistant, to produce health reports for clients, to anticipate health risks, to provide healthy life guidance, to move health operations
Healthy Parks: Around digital hospitals, the company provides clients with a holistic solution from investment to operation management. The company has now provided more than 10 larger health park project solutions across the country, a permanent international business park (ubp) operating in Beijing, and an international innovation park (ucp) operating in Beijing.
Digital medicine: In order to construct a system of level-based clinical services covering the whole life cycle of “preventive-patient-rehabilitation” and combining on-line, the company has set up two advanced digital hospitals, the Beijing Mind Hospital.
Regenerative medicine: research and development of regenerative medical products such as cytofilms, tissues, and organs, using organizational and engineering techniques. Currently, the Institute of Regenerative Medicine (I) covers the functions of R & D-Preparation-Transformation Research (R & D-R).
A total area of 2,000 square metres, comprising cell-based production centres, cell engineering laboratories, quality-testing centres and clinical transformation centres, has been completed and is now in operation.
(1) The panel price recovery continued until the third quarter of 2019. (2) We believe that the Māori rate in the Kyoto East is expected to increase steadily, and although we believe that the lcd price will remain weak in the medium term (2-3 years), the oled business competition is much better than the lcd business, thus the company ' s Māori ratio
And even more so, with the release of the company ' s production capacity, the company ' s Māori ratio is expected to increase steadily, with the company ' s (3) capacity going into production according to the planned plan, and the output of the company ' s output at the source and at the lcd level going well. 4.2, Profit forecasting and valuation
The dollar/unit is 26/22/16 times the pe. We believe that Kyoto East, as a world-class panel, is expected to share long-term profit dividends from increased concentration in the lcd sector and a weakening cycle after the winter, coupled with growing operations such as oled and object networking, the company is expected to grow rapidly. For the first time, coverage is possible.
`Very recommended' ratings.