In-depth report from Kyoto Easta (000725) Global display of panel lead enterprises, lcd, oled two-wheel drive performance development 10 June 2019
The company is the world's leading panel manufacturer, with the dual advantages of size and technology. After years of cultivation and development in the field of displays, the company Wei Hong Mei
International competitiveness has gradually increased, reaching a global lead in displaying the size of the goods. In 2018, the company displayed the top volume of panels in the world and fully achieved global first in the five main areas of segmentation: smartphones, tablets, laptops, monitors, and television.
Applying a strategy of diversified development, building on the need to ensure a leading role in displaying instruments, to develop intelligence, health care, and to create new profitable growth points. Strengthening R & D inputs and keeping technology in the lead.
Research and development guarantees products, technology are forward looking and leading, and spending on research and development has been rising year by year, with investment being in the forefront of the industry, with a relatively stable share of revenue. Moreover, companies have been strengthening their patent systems to ensure product and technology leadership, and the number of patent applications has been growing rapidly in recent years.
The company is expected to benefit in depth from the outbreak. The company has a number of excellent features and is expected to replace lcd in the future, but it's more difficult to make than lcd, the industry, on 10 June 2019.
The company now has four flexible aoled lines, which have been delivered to front-line customers. As the four lines of production continue to grow, the company will be able to provide a high supply to global brand manufacturers.
Roe (ttm) Recycled investment increases the share of liquid crystal displays, with high-generation lines aligned with development trends in recent years.
Dec maximum price ($) Increase market share of LCD through counter-cyclical investment, current LCD volume and surface value ($) Dec lowest price
In addition, the company responded to the trend of a large, super-highly emptied liquid crystal panel, which was actively laid on high-generation lines and was fully productive in March of this year. Although the price of the liquid crystal panel has continued to fall since last year, affecting the profitability of the company, there has been a marked shift in the supply-demand relationship in the industry.
Well, corporate performance is expected to return to the upward trajectory. Investment advice: companies are global panels leading, leading in business size, profitability, technology 1.1 domestic, internationally recognized panels.
As early as 1994, the company set up a pre-study group for the tft-lcd project, which identified strategic options for “arrival in the field of liquid crystal displays” and began to work on the strategic layout associated with liquid crystal screens.
After many years of cultivation and development in the field of displaying, the company has gradually become a globally known panel-manufacturing enterprise, widely used downstream in smartphones, LCDs, laptops, and wearingable equipment, and has become a core supplier of many national and international brands. Compared to other panel manufacturers in the country, the company is large and profitable.
Capabilities, technological reserves, production lines, etc., have absolute advantages and are more internationally competitive, and are the vanguards of a truly semiconductor display. The display of panels remains a global leader, with product markets rising. In semiconductor displays, companies are moving from 2003 to 2003.
Since then, the Chinese mainland has built the first fifth generation of tft-lcd production lines, the first sixth generation of tft-lcd production lines, and the first one of tft-lcd production lines, thereby ending the “no autonomous LCD display age” in mainland China; while the Department also has the first global 10.5 generation of tft-lcd production lines and the first of the country's sixth generation flexible amoled production lines, completely deconstructing them.
The Ihs data show that in 2017, the company's LCD showed about 25% of the world's goods, with the world's number one: the company's panel totals in 2018.
(b) In the first quarter of 2019, the company fully completed its 10.5 generation line, leading to simultaneous delivery of large-size products and accelerator coverage.
IL, with 24.6 per cent of large-scale panel output, continued to be the world ' s highest in terms of volume, with 19.9 per cent of total volume, after only 20 per cent of lgd. Figure 2: Corporate output in the five major areas in 2018 was the world ' s highest in terms of volume.
The company began research and development in the field of tft-lcd as early as 1994 and acquired modern tft-lcd and 0led operations in Korea in 2001, officially entering the field of mobile displays; in 2003, the company acquired more modern tft-lcd operations in Korea, marking the strategic layout of the tft-lcd enterprise.
In the same year, the company began to build the continent's first demonstrated production line, built on autonomous technology - Beijing's 5th generation tft-lcd production line, which was dominated by the production of screen monitors and produced in 2005 in quantities for domestic and foreign customers, such as three stars for products; in 2009, the company launched the continent's first high generation line, the compost 6th generation tft-lcd production line.
In the same year, the first 8.5 generation line on the mainland — the tft-lcd production line in Beijing — ended the continent's era of large-scale LCD displays, effectively realizing the entire series of LCD national production lines of ltps/amoled, filling our amoled industrial void through autonomous and innovative amoled display technology:
In 2015, the company began to build the world's first 10.5-generation line -- Fertilizer's 10.5-generation tft-lcd line, which officially ushered in a new era of super-high-size displays, which began with production volumes in 2018 and was fully produced in March of this year, producing 120,000 base plates per month; in the same year, the company worked in the soft sector of amoled and built the first flexible amoled production line on the continent.
From lcd to amoled, from rigid to softaled, the company has been at the front end of the continental display and, through continuous in-house and outward construction, has gradually grown from imitators and followers of other manufacturers to innovators and leaders of panel makers.
1.2 The diversification strategy brings new profitable growth points to the implementation of the diversification strategy and the transition to a networked enterprise. In 2014, the company began to diversify from a single display manufacturer to a network of smart portal products and professional services.
Building on the technology of the heart, a major effort is being made to develop three major career blocks: port device (d), Smart Group (s) and Wise Doctor (h), and to consolidate professional organizations such as the b2b global marketing platform, the b2como marketing platform, the information technology research and development centre, the iot artificial intelligence and the large data centre to further strengthen core marketing and technology capabilities and further advance the dsh enterprise synergy.
Port device: The port device project block includes displays of sensors, sensors and solutions. The former is designed to design manufacturing models for the integration of the b2b device, in which the display business is dedicated to providing smart port devices in the fields of tft-lcd, amoled, etc., and provides displays for customers of products such as mobile phones, laptops, television, etc.
Device products: Sensor operations focus on several areas, such as hospital detection, intelligent home, integrated design and manufacturing of sensors for customers; sensors and solution communities are b2b design and system solution models, with no medical images, microflow controls, smart windows and small crowd-use scenarios, such as home security, including X-ray tablet detectors, numbers.
Microflow control chips and identification systems, etc.; Wisdom complexes: three major industries, including intellectual services, iot solutions, and digital arts. In this case, ISPs design integrated manufacturing models for b2b, providing display services such as television, display, mobile terminals, etc. for global partners; iot resolution
The purpose of the programme community is to provide b2b with a soft and hard integration solution and a system integration model that focuses on the areas of intelligence retailing, intelligence gathering, intelligence home, business office, etc., as well as overall solutions in the areas of physical networking segmentation for clients: digital arts, arts, the B2c network platform model, the main push B0e screen that combines end products with apps, voice interactions, etc.
Information technology is integrated into digital art, providing users with various content and services such as art appreciation, art encyclopedia, art merchant town, visual beauty appreciation;
A combination of terminals and apps, based on artificial intelligence and big data algorithms, provides users with vital pathological data monitoring and interpretation, ai disease risk prediction, specialist health courses and online consultations, medical check-ups, etc.: the latter is a specialized service model for b2c integrated online and offline, covering areas such as digital hospitals, digital humans, regenerative medicine and health parks.
With digital health services at its core, extending services such as intellectual well-being, integrated community solutions and management of industrial parks, professional health care is provided to clients with on-line and off-line integration. The company displays generated 86.664 billion yuan, representing 89.24 per cent of the company’s total operating income, and realized gross profits.
16,327 million yuan, or 82.45 per cent of the company's gross profits. In recent years, Wirtschaftsprüfer and Wirtschaftsprüfer's operations have continued to grow at a relatively rapid pace and are expected to become important profit growth points for companies in the future.
It shows that the industry is a typical technology-intensive and capital-intensive industry, with a very high technology and financial threshold, with a leading role in the industry, not only by investing heavily in equipment purchases and production lines, but also by working on the development of proprietary technologies and the optimization of production processes, keeping technology ahead and working hard.
Companies focus on research and development. In recent years, R & D spending has been rising year by year, with investment spending at the top of the industry, stabilizing at between 6 and 8 per cent; in addition, companies have been strengthening their patent systems to ensure product leadership, and the number of patent applications has been growing rapidly in recent years. In 2018, the number of new patent applications from companies was 9685, of which inventions were exclusively.
The ratio of profits exceeded 90%, while the ratio of overseas patents exceeded 38%; the number of patent applications exceeded 4,000 in important areas such as oled, telepathic, artificial intelligence, and big data, and the number of new patent authorizations exceeded 4800, of which the United States authorized more than 1,600. United States business patent data show that the global ranking of US patents in Tokyo rose from 21st in 2017 to 17th in 2018.
National will is strong, and the government is supportive of development. The building of the panel line is heavily invested, with an input of tens of billions of dollars, and the industry’s cyclical nature makes it difficult to recover input costs in the short term, and the paneling industry often has to experience several years of losses to make a profit. As a result, intra-industry firms have difficulty accessing bank lending channels.
Given the importance of panels in the process of national industrialization and as one of the country’s priority strategic sectors, governments tend to adopt industrial support policies to finance domestic panels. As a domestic showcase, companies receive billions of yuan in government subsidies each year, leading the electronics industry.
Overcapacity has stimulated demand, and reverse investment has increased market share. The panel industry has a more cyclical nature, with a panel cycle that tends to experience “new demand generation – higher profits – and higher supply of producers overpriced output.
The whole process of price-resilient rebounding and build-up of the manufacturer. During the industry's low-end period, panels usually control costs and maintain panel price stability by cutting production capacity, but some of the industry's leaders use counter-cyclical investment strategies to cause the panel price to fall further, to stimulate downstream demand at lower panel prices, and to force competitors out of competition and take advantage of it.
Three-star electronics grew up as global memory and semiconductor giants through three countercyclical operations. In the context of the global financial crisis of 2008, global panel giants controlled production capacity, companies expanded their market share through countercyclical investments.
The net profit is negative, but the strong government support has somewhat eased the pressure on the company ' s cash flow, and in 2013 the company also turned into a surplus and gradually became a leader in the global LCD field, successfully completing the outbreak period from 1 to n 2.oled, with the firm ' s potential for deep returns.
The oled panel has excellent features and is expected to replace lcd in the mainstream. oled (organiclight-emittingdiode), also known as organic luminous diodes, is a new panel display material. Compared to the traditional LCD technology (lcd), the oled has a number of advantages, such as a wider colour area, a higher colour saturation, a lighter structure, a lower structure.
It's a spontaneous light technology product, with no need for backlight power to achieve a high level of brightness and color saturation. Since it doesn't need back panels, it shows that the screen can bend. In short, it has a lot of good features, and large-scale applications are big in the future.
In 2018, with three stars, Galaxynote9,
In 2019, at the World Conference on Mobile Communications in Barcelona, Samsung and Hwa launched a soft-led mobile phone product for two mobile phone manufacturers that generated high market interest. In addition, a variety of companies, such as Opo, Mi, Zowoo, and others, were able to fold their mobile phones.
The end product is about to emerge, and the oled panel is expected to use mobile phones to speed up further penetration applications. According to his projections, the global smartphone oled panel will have more penetration than lcd in 2019, reaching 50.7 per cent, and will be in progress in 2025.
Figure 10: Three-star folding cell phone galaxyfold from the Quadrant to the Quadratic, with the panel industry barriers rising. In the LCD era, the panel industry competed in the “Quadripartites” of Japan, South Korea, mainland China and Taiwan, China.
More mature, more competitive, less profitable overall industry, and although there are some similarities in manufacturing processes with liquid crystal panels, the manufacturing process is more complex and the technology is not yet fully developed to reduce the cost of space. In addition, the production and manufacture of key equipment is more demanding and manufactured in panels.
Upstream plating equipment, for example, cannon has an irreplaceable technical advantage in plating equipment, and the middle-trip panel is highly dependent on it, but the equipment production capacity is limited. Thus, the oled panel has higher technical barriers and fewer manufacturers with the corresponding production capacity. For a long time, the oled market is unique to Samsung.
In 2018, Kyoto East became the Chinese mate 20 pro-screen supplier, and the continental panel business formally entered the industry, leading up to a market share with the Korean conglomerate. From the lcd era of the "quartet" to the 0led era of the "twins," the panel industry's entry door.
According to the latest cinnoresearch survey, three stars, Kyoto East, Deep Heaven are ranked among the top three global smartphone panels in 2018, with their share in the market.
For 21.50%, 20.00% and 9.80%, the top five market shares combined were 63.60% and the top ten market shares combined were 88.90%. By contrast, the market share of the mobile phone amoled panel was more concentrated, with 92.60% of the market share for the Samsung family alone and 99.40% for the top five.
This means a higher rate of industry Maori, so the value added of the product of amoled is significantly higher than that of the lcd panel. In addition, the combined market share of the home-grown panel of amoled, which is represented by Tokyo East, Deep Heaven and Visino, is only 4.00%, while the country has the largest consumer electronic downstream market in the world, so the amoled screen is vast.
This value is expected to make a significant breakthrough in 2019 as domestic manufacturers mature and improve production rates. Figure 12: Share of global smartphone panels in 2018
Figure 13: Share of global smart phone amoled panel delivery in 2018 Fingerprints support panel demand. Fingerprint recognition is a way to hide the fingerprint identifier under the screen, to collect and match the user's fingerprints through the screen. Fingerprints under the screen compared to the traditional capacitor fingerprint recognition.
The program of identifying locks will not take up screen space, but will fit well into the direction of the full screen. The year 2018 is the year of fingerprinting. Vivo launched in January as the first global screen-carrying cell phone of the Vivox20plus, and other Andres companies followed it. According to ihs, by the end of 2018, a cumulative total of 18 cell phones had used the screen-based fingerprint.
In addition, ihs expect a further increase in fingerprint penetration by 2019, which will increase by six times, to nearly 180 million. Now, due to technical constraints, the fingerprint recognition method on the handheld will have to be carried on a optic recognition programme or ultrasound recognition programme.
Display screens, "Flyprints on screen +oled panel" are labeled. Thus, smartphone whole-timers are bound to increase their procurement demand for the oled panel, which will be a good boost to the oled panel’s penetration. The oled market is wide.
At the threshold, there are only a few producers with capacity to produce and overall supply is in short supply. We believe that as the process matures and delivers, the oled rate is expected to improve, and global output will rise significantly. Ihs predicts that global sales will reach 700 million in 2019, and nearly 1 billion in 2025, of which more than 70 per cent will occur.
The screen will be used on smartphones. Early deployment, with the benefits of the industry explosion. The company entered the field early in 1998, when the grouping group started to show soft-aoled. In 2001, the company set up amoled laboratory to take full advantage of it.
In 2011, the company began to build China's first-ever, global 2nd 5.5 generation of aoled production line, the 5.5 generation of amoled production line in Ordos, Kyoto, which is our first autonomously designed and owned by intellectual property, a new display technology production line that was produced in 2014. To date, the company has announced that
(a) Construction of a 4-generation soft-led production line, of which the Chengdu soft-aoled production line is climbing up the slope and has been supplied to a single-line brand client, and a flexible-appled production line project, which is under construction and is expected to start production in 2019;
The four flexible aoled lines will continue to be operational and will create a competitive market position for companies in the soft amoled field, giving companies the ability to provide high-quality flexible amoled screens for global brands 3. Reverse-cyclical investments will increase the share of liquid crystal displays, and high-end lines will be adapted to the trend.
The liquid crystal panel industry recalls that excess capacity exacerbates the decline in panel prices. The panel industry is more cyclical, and panel prices can significantly affect the profitability of panel producers. After a decline between 15 and the first half of 16 years, panel prices began to rise. For example, 32-inch television panel prices continued to rise from 16 June, with prices rising at the highest level.
In 2017, LCD prices peaked and gradually entered the lower route. In 2018, the risk of tariff fluctuations due to trade friction increased, world cup demand was weaker than expected.
The impact of multiple factors, such as low commercial prices to inventory, was further explored and, although there was a short rebound in three quarters of the price of the tablet, it quickly rebounded. As of December 2018, the average prices of 32 inches, 40 inches, 43 inches, 49 inches and 55 inches of the tablet were $43, 72, 85, 111 and 145 dollars, respectively, representing a decline of 32.8 per cent, compared to the January average, respectively.
The marginal improvement in supply and demand is evident, and LCD prices are expected to rise. It is reported that Samsung Display plans to shut down and convert one of its 8.5 generation lcd plants, l8-1 to qd-oled, a conversion process that could begin in 2019, while in response to the continent ' s massive investment in the lcd panel in the past few years, Samsung and lgd have closed five 5.5 generation lcd lines and one.
On the demand side, two Chinese LCD TVs were certified by 3c in May this year and are expected to be officially marketed in September or October, and the producers are the Fatty King East Visual Technology Company. To launch large-scale lcd television, China will fully drive the LCD panel downstream.
The company has further increased its market share in LCDs through counter-cyclical expansion, and the five major mainstreams now show that product markets are the world’s leading and are expected to benefit fully from a rebound in the panel industry in the future. Large-scale, super-high-cleaning is the inevitable trend in the development of LCDs.
With the increasing technology, the trend of LCD panels towards high-resolution screens has become irreversible, and downstream demand will also grow at a high rate, both for consumption and for commercial use. According to the ihs report, the size of the super-sized television panels is 60 inches and above worldwide.
Demand is continuing to grow rapidly, and its output will nearly quadruple in 10 years, 10 years after the first deceleration in 2016. By 2025, it is expected to reach 54 million pieces of television panels 60 inches and above, representing 19 per cent of the total demand for television panels.
The 5g aid 8k superhigh clearance shows progress towards universal access. 4k video lacks rigorous standard support, except for resolution, where all indicators follow the fhd (1080p) standard and the innovation is relatively small, while the 8ksuberhi-vision, already endorsed through the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) and the Film Engineers Association (Smpte), has its own standard system of frame frames.
Rates, standard view distances, perspective patterns, and audio standards are detailed and are expected to bring about significant changes from visual to hearing. However, based on the results of video collection, 8k videos of about 1 minute duration will need to take up about 194gb storage space, the requirements for mobile networks will increase, and the current 4g network will not be able to adequately meet the bandwidth of the 8k video.
The 5g network can reach a peak speed of 20 gbps, with more than 1 million connecting devices per square kilometre, and can achieve a millisecond-level delay in transmission, a significant increase from 20 ms. The 5g high-speed, low-delayed, high-density connection feature can absorb the huge data flux of 8k video, which is expected to be a booster for 8k video penetration.
Global commercialization by the end of 2019 to 2020, which basically coincides with the beginning of 8k video penetration. 8k video has not yet been officially launched, and the group intellectual consultation data show that the current 8k panel penetration rate is still less than 0.1 per cent, but the 8k penetration rate will increase to around 1 per cent in 2020, and will be further increased to 3.6 per cent in 2022, with a 5g Express and 8k showing a welcome arrival.
Different resolution graphic contrasts Reverse investment consolidates a leading position, and high-generation lines are aligned with the trend. In the context of the continuous downside of the liquid crystal panel, Korea’s continued closure of the lcd production line, continental panelers have expanded their share of the lcd market through countercyclical investment, and the market rankings continue to grow.
Moving forward. According to the global LCD panel release in 2018, the number of Kyodong television panels reached 54 million, and more than lgd became the world ' s largest television panel producer, with a long-term position. The company now owns nine tft-lcd lines, of which 10.5-generation lines are the world ' s first 10.5-generation LCD line, with a major push size of 75.
According to the company’s vice president, Zhang Woo, the 75 inch 8k super-high ellipse television panel produced by the company will be on the market in the second quarter of this year, with 55 and 65 inches in the second half of the year. The Fertilizer 10.5 generation line was fully operational in March this year, producing about 120,000 base plates per month, while the company’s second building in Wuhan was built.
A 10.5 line will also be produced in 2020. With high-generation production, companies’ competitiveness in super-sized and ultra-high-resolution production lines will be further enhanced, continuing to strengthen their leading position in the global LCD landscape.
The world’s first, five major mainstreams show an increase in the market share of all products and a global rise in total. Of these, the company’s LCD panel has grown by 24 per cent over the same year, with the total volume of devices growing by more than 30 per cent over the same year, from the fourth to the second highest in the world, after lgd. The LCD panel’s growth led the company to achieve the same level of revenue.
In 2018, the company achieved an operating income of $97,109 million, an increase of 3.53 per cent over the previous year; in 2018, the company earned 86,664 million yuan and 1,152 million yuan, respectively, respectively, for the display and the intelligent health business, an increase of 4.87 per cent and 12.50 per cent, respectively, and 16,012 million yuan, respectively, for the intelligent systems business.
Cost controls are well under way, and the price of the panels is falling. Liquid crystal panels maintain a downward trend throughout 2018, which has had a significant impact on the prices and profitability of the company’s products. In a situation where the matching ratio of the goods on the panels has increased substantially and operating income has been realized, the net profit on the company’s return has declined, with a net profit on the return of the mother having been realized for the year at $3,435 million, the same amount.
The decline of 54.61%; good corporate cost controls, with total operating costs increasing by only 12.24% over the same year, when the volume of displays increased by more than 30%. Thus, the main reason for the decline in corporate profits is the fall in product prices rather than the rise in costs, while the liquid crystal panel industry reached a high point in 2017.
In 2017, the Division ' s net return profit grew at a year-on-year rate of 301.99%, with a higher annual profit base; on the other hand, the downside of the 2018 panel price, with corporate profits falling at a higher base in the previous year.
The growth was 5.08 per cent and 12.01 per cent, respectively, but Māori in the display business suffered a greater fall in the price of the same tablet, with a total annual gross profit of $16.327 billion, a decrease of 20.98 per cent. Māori rates and net interest rates fell.
As a domestic panel leader, the company maintains long-term close cooperation with a large number of affordable electronics and television producers, with major clients including Samsung, Hwaya, lg, Hewlett-Packard.
In 2018, for example, companies received $42,842 million from the mainland, and clients from abroad were highly structured and cooperatively stable. Companies maintained long-term partnerships with a number of internationally recognized businesses, and in recent years, they had long-standing partnerships.
The total business income of the top five clients has remained between 35 and 45 per cent, with a stable client structure. The company’s top clientele helps the company to provide personalized services to key clients, reducing downstream risk, avoiding over-forming a single customer, maintaining a prudential recommended rating.
Mobile screens, tablet screens, laptop screens, monitor screens and television screens are the world’s number-first in terms of volume, and the expansion of production lines through countercyclical investments is expected to fully benefit from LCD prices. In addition, the company is also a singled screen provider for part-line mobile phone manufacturers, with four soft aleds.
As production lines continue, companies will have the ability to provide high-quality soft-moled screens to global brand manufacturers, and their share will continue to rise. As a result, watch the company’s future prospects and maintain a prudentially recommended rating.
This report is presented independently and objectively to the extent that you know it. It clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.