High-speed light device demand, high corporate performance and increased profitability - 2023 annual report on Tienfu communication (300394.sz) and 1-quarter report review report on 2024, 21 April and 23 April 2023, respectively
Investment rating: Purchases (first coverage) and 1-quarter report 2024: In 2023, the company achieved operating income of $1.939 billion, a year-on-year increase in demand for high-speed optical devices products and a significant increase in company performance.
Building a global data centre, benefiting from the development of AIai technology and increased demand for arithmetic, will lead to a steady and sustained increase in demand for high-speed optical device products. At the same time, companies will continue to upgrade and automate their information systems, reduce efficiency gains at the Jiangxi production base, and increase the rate of speed.
Increased demand for development and numeracy, higher corporate performance, 732 million yuan in operating income, an increase of 154.95 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, $279 million; long-term R & D inputs, technological advantages and increased corporate profitability.
To sustain high-intensity R & D inputs, to continue to deepen the capabilities of companies in R & D design and process development in the overall solution and advanced optical envelope manufacturing of non-sourced devices, to maintain the company's technological leadership in the area of disaggregation over the long term, and also to provide for the development of new products for clients
In 2023, the company ' s gross gross profit rate was 54.26 per cent, an increase of 2.62 percentage points over the previous year. Light speeded up the internationalization of the industry to meet the demand of the wave.
In the context of the rapid development of the technology and the accelerated growth of the demand for numeracy, it has been possible to create a global web-based layout of the industry, with Suzhou as its headquarters in China, Singapore as its head office abroad, and Jiangxi as its production base in Thailand, to meet the needs of its different customers abroad.
Corporate internationalization is expected to set firm profit projections and investment ratings for sustained steady growth in corporate performance: companies \triangleright against a backdrop of continued rapid growth in the demand for arithmetic
We expect the company to produce this report for 2024-2026. Without the interference and influence of stakeholders in the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report. On this basis, the risk rating in this report is r4. It is only for customers (c4 and above) who meet the requirements for the proper management of investors in the Hualong Securities Company (hereinafter “the company”).