Tianfu communications (300394). Performance meets expectations and high-speed products continue to be released. South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
One billion yuan, an increase of 62.07 per cent in the same year; 730 million yuan in the net return to the mother, an increase of 81.14 per cent in the same year; and 719 million yuan in the non-return to the mother, an increase of 97.13 per cent in the same year. Of this, 732 million yuan in the q4 quarter, an increase of 138.78 per cent in the same quarter, an increase of 35.16 per cent in the ring; 291 million yuan in the net return to the mother, an increase of 131.2 per cent in the same year.
The high performance of companies throughout the year has been dominated by increased demand for ai-development and arithmetic, and global idc-building has led to a steady and sustained increase in demand for high-speed optical device products, especially the high-speed ratio.
1,183 million yuan, an increase of 23.28 per cent over the same period, and 61.04 per cent over the same period; 746 million yuan over the same period, an increase of 242.52 per cent over the same period, and 38.48 per cent over the same period.
Increased profitability and good cost controls resulted in an increase in the productivity of high-speed products. In 2023, the gross profit rate was 54.26 per cent for optical communications devices, 44.77 per cent for light-source devices and 8.02 per cent for high-end product structures.
The cost-side is well regulated, and in 2023 the company's sales/management/financial cost rate was dedicated to new technology pre-research in high-speed products, striving to remain at the forefront in the area of segmentation and providing more innovative solutions for clients.
Globalization has accelerated, and production capacity has been released. The company has gradually improved the global web-based layout of Suzhou as its headquarters in China, Singapore as its overseas headquarters, Jiangxi as its production base in Thailand, to meet the needs of its foreign clients, and has accelerated the construction of overseas Singapore headquarters platforms and Thai production bases during the reporting period.
Clients plan a global multi-plant energy supply. Thailand’s production base is about to become operational, and overseas production capacity is available.
q2 performance has increased significantly (2023-09-05), while at the same time integrating supply chain resources from overseas and within the country, gradually forming a global cube of complementarities of positional advantages, with net return profits remaining at a compound growth rate of 47.17 per cent over the next three years.
Assumption 1: As the big i model is being built like fire, the arithmetic demands are rising, company demand for source devices is on the verge of an outbreak, and 24 years of rapid release of high-speed light engines are driving high income growth of source devices. Income growth is expected to vary from 24 to 26 years.
Assumption 2: benefits from the upward trend in the communications industry brought about by aigc, with higher value added products rising, with 24 years of limited capacity, with a projected slowdown in the performance of the unsourced piece of equipment at around 15 per cent, positive growth in the production capacity of the company, improvement in the rate of excellence, optimization No.