The growth in demand for high-speed products has been significant, with a positive reduction in efficiency gains from a quarter of revenue and net profit loops largely equal. Companies published 2023 and 1-quarter 2024 reports, generating operating income of $1.94 billion in 2023, an increase of 62.0 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $730 million.
In the first quarter of 2024, the company achieved revenues of $730 million, a rapid increase. According to the company’s announcement, the net profit ring is largely flat, largely due to the shortage of skilled workers after spring.
The growth in profitability benefits mainly from the company’s continued growth.
The company has accelerated the construction of the Singapore overseas platform and the Thai production base, and the announcement that a phase of the production base building in Thailand is expected to result in an increase in production capacity.
Pilot production began in May this year. At the same time, technology such as Silicon Light in the long-term forward-looking layout of the company’s optical communications field, the main research and development projects now include special fibre-optic devices for silicon modules and high-power single-channel laser product development, fiberarray product development for various applications.
During the exhibition on c2024, the company also displayed light engine products and solutions such as muxtosa, demuxposa, lensefau for 1.6t/800g light module apparel applications.
The company plans to find a gold dividend of $10.00 per 10 shares in 2023, which together shows a gold dividend of $395 million, or more than 50% of the net profit share of the parent. The company intends to transfer the capital fund to Telecommunications (300394.sz) in the third quarter of 2023, where profits grew by 94.95%.
Mobil Communications (300394.sz) and Profits increased by 36.42% in the first half of 2023, i. Mobil Communications (300394.sz) - Quality Improvement in Operations, 800 g Light Device Realization, Investment Recommendation: Higher Profit Forecast, Maintenance of “buy-in” rating.
Wirtschaftsprüfer (300394.sz) - net profit growth of 31% over the same period, innovation business continuity, strong demand for high-speed optical device product lines from companies, fully benefiting ai development, with new profit projections for 2026 expected from companies in 2024-2026
Power infrastructure needs continue to be released, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. Figure 1: Fibre communications operating income and increase (in millions, per cent) Figure 2: Mob communications operating income and increase (in millions, per cent)
Figure 4: Mother ' s net profit and increase (in millions of yuan, per cent) in filiation single season: Māori rate for filiation single quarter, changes in net interest rates: 3 cost changes for filiation single quarter
Figure 7: Mobil communications cash flows (millions of yuan) Figure 8: Mobil communications inventory and quarterly movements (millions) Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
Based on the above changes, we expect the company to have no light in 2024-2025.
The company's light-sourced equipment includes some of its operations, such as wrapping and light engines, in which the progressive upturn of the light engine drives the company's income from the light-sourced devices to continue to grow rapidly. Considering that the pull of the ai on the company's light-source business has begun, we expect that the company's light-source business is expected to accelerate, driven by its continued development in the ai.
Māori ratio: With the company ' s high-speed production capacity, the gross gross domestic product ratio is expected to be restored, and investment proposal: the company ' s high-speed optical device product line is in demand, benefiting fully from the trend of the one, with the growing product line and the growing number of high-speed light engine priority products, we have adjusted the company ' s 2024-2025 profit margin.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject