The company published 2023 and 20241 quarterly reports. In 2023, the company earned $1.94 billion, equal to +62.0 per cent, resulting in a net return to the mother of $730 million, equal to +81.1 per cent.
q1, the company earned $730 million in 2024, a significant increase of 155.0 per cent in the same year, a flat net profit of $280 million, a significant increase of 202.7 per cent in the same year, and the ring benefited from a number of high-end new products, robust growth in non-source devices in 2023, and rapid growth in source devices.
\triangleright outbreak. Tianfu earned $1.18 billion in 2023, an increase of 23.3 per cent over the same year, while Māori had the highest/minimum in a year:
All non-source optics, envelopes and fibre-optic interfaces required for the manufacture of light modules were covered. Market value of the share of the flowa (millions): Demand for high-speed luminous modules in one place, demand for microscopes, separators, fa, fibre-optic adapters, etc.
The company is a major supplier of global light-module pioneers, and has a high custom-made product and a high degree of technical difficulty, maintaining a better Māori ratio. At the same time, overseas light-module manufacturers are subject to capacity climbs and base data: 31 March 2024
This is a difficult rate, which objectively creates a demand for light engine outsourcing. In 2023, the company generated $750 million in source devices, a significant increase of 242.5 per cent in the same year, and a Māori rate of 44.8 per cent, an increase of 8.0 per cent in the same year. We see a revenue of $1.04 billion from Fabrinet, the first-ever client in 2023, while Fabrinet.
In 2023, the company's high-end light module was equipped with unsourced and unsourced products that were in the process of continuously climbing production capacity, due to the mobility of producers before and after the spring festival.
We believe that the company still has a full supply of orders and is meeting the likely increase in demand from its customers through sustained expansion.
The rapid growth in the demand for the gpu package will continue to benefit from sourceless devices, 400g/800g light engines and so on, and companies maintain good partnerships with clients through good product performance and delivery capacity; furthermore, new products for the next generation of 1.6t have entered a small shipment state and are expected to benefit first from 1.6t
\triangleright \triangleright billions of dollars for custom-made non-sourced devices, which cost client certification integration, and module integration has not yet been achieved
The filiation continues to expand the sourceless product line and has now created a complete solution to a variety of material process platforms, such as fine ceramics, engineering plastics, composite metals, optical glass, with modular solutions to reach out to clients and raise the value of single-client light modules. Silicon light is fast as an important photo-integration technology.
Rapid development, silicon light modules need to address three main process questions: photo-source coupling, fibre-optic coupling, photo-voltaic integration, creating niche products such as fa, silicon-light demux, silicon-light engine encapsulation, and silicon-light chip fables need light engine sealing to improve product interoperability and good quality
The company will continue to benefit from a professional division of labour in the silicon light industry chain, including various fa devices, special fibre-optic devices for the silicon module, and single-channel high-power laser products. Photofibre manufacturing is representative, and profitability is expected to remain at the industry’s leading level.
The \triangleright \ "Stand-in-the-spot" heart of the craftsman, has cost cagr 27.8% for the last five years, and we believe that the company is able to maintain a high Māori rate in the industry, a net interest rate, which is the reason for: 1) the source of the non-sourced device.
Low material, high manufacturing and labour costs, and high space for cost optimization on scale; 2) insistence on high-end high-end products for high-end customers; 3) constant supply of corresponding products for resolving problems faced by customers in PV blending; 4) refined manufacturing, with strong cost control capabilities; 5) use of source devices
Self-production of non-sourced materials increases cost reduction. 1 gpu, etc., does not produce as much as the expected growth in the company’s business activity slows down or falls down. The company’s sourced devices generate income mainly from high-end, high-light module clients, such as Fabrinet, if one’s demand is not as fast as expected.
2- The risk of a decline in the Māori rate. Public Māori rates are likely to be at a downside risk as a result of such impacts as the rise in the share of active business and the entry of competitors.3 The risk of a decline in the share of clients due to the underdevelopment of new sources is not as high as expected.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I will not be compensated, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status, or the trust that I have in the practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.