High growth in the performance of the national lighting engine, and accelerated push of the global layout - The Skyfoil Communications (300394.sz) incident assessment report, 15.495 per cent more than the previous year, net return to the mother of $279 million, which is an increase in the same year
I'm driving the growth of active operations, and the light engine is expected to take the lead in the evolution of cpo technology, and I'm a catalyst for high-performance computing and extensive use of cloud data centres to drive the global light device.
The rapid growth of the market size, coupled with the higher performance of the ai application for the arithmetic infrastructure, requires the acceleration of the acceleration of the bandwidth of optical interconnection technology from four years to two, thus accelerating the speed of the light module towards 400g/800g/1.6t.
The company's deep-farming equipment area, 400g/800g light module, is equipped with a variety of light- and source-based devices. In 2023, a high demand led to a breakthrough of $746 million in the company's active operations.
242.52% Māori + 8.02pct, which contributes the most to the growth of performance.
The plug-in module becomes a long-term technological trend. The cpo technology reduces the signal in the chip and lead by co-infusing the web exchange cores 1, Fibre Communications (300394): the overseas ai tablets and light engines together in the same slot.
Deployment of booster engine light unit operations with high speeds, transmission distance between argons, thus improving transmission efficiency, reducing power consumption, reducing molding, and equity incentives to show a steady increase in performance and confidence.
The size of the block. As the industry leader in the overall solution of the optical device and an advanced optical envelope manufacturing service, the company's forward-looking layout is based on the light engine and upstream light apparatus of the cpo technology for many years and is expected to take over the new generation of technology.
The risk of price fluctuations in raw materials is manageable, and stocks are well prepared.
This growth has led to a strain on the industry supply of the core upstream mt core component of the optical device. As a result, we believe that a 37.6 per cent increase in the same year in the stock of 2023 companies could effectively guarantee stability in the supply of raw materials and increase the delivery rate of orders.
As a platform-type lightware tap, the company creates advantages through efficient operating capacity and scale, smooths the price fluctuations of raw materials, improves customer stickability and maintains industry-led profitability. Concrete measures include: (1) expansion of the product matrix, product lines, etc.
High vertical integration, reduced reliance on a single supplier, significantly increased the number of 3 upstream years to the current 16, and the wealth of product types and quantities increased bargaining power; (2) vertical integration of one-stop product solutions enhanced significantly
82.14 per cent of large clients, especially long orders support companies of large Maori overseas clients, effectively scale up the margins and balance the industrial cycle; (3) high R & D inputs guarantee rapid product rotation, improve R & D and production of high M & D products and optimize product delivery
(iv) Continuous upgrading of the company’s operating management system, enhancement of production efficiency and reduction of efficiency gains. The company’s continuous upgrading and automation of its information systems, implementation of the Jiangxi Production Base’s downgrading efficiency gains, and a marked increase in the use of high-speed products.
So, the company's leading R & D capabilities, efficient operating capabilities and size advantages will go further, step by step, strengthen its large client strategy, improve supply chain stability, enhance corporate profitability, accelerate overseas base building, and improve the global industrial landscape.
The company has accelerated the construction of the Singapore headquarters overseas platform and the Thai production base, and has worked with more clients to plan for a global multi-plant energy supply. Thailand’s production base phase 1 is expected to start testing in May 2024.
Corporate involvement in the integrated competitiveness of globalized operations, providing clients with more easy access; and integration of overseas and domestic supply chain resources will gradually lead to the formation of Suzhou as headquarters in China, Singapore as headquarters abroad and Jiangxi as a production base in Thailand
Not 42, 27.9, 19.8 times. The demand for a high-speed light device is growing rapidly, taking into account the technological strength and scale of the company in the field of light engine light.
The advantages are added to the gradual release of overseas production capacity, and corporate profitability is expected to increase further, maintaining a “buy-in” investment rating.ai commercialization is not as expected; overseas cloud producers spend less than expected on capital;
Introduction by Electronics Group Mao Jianxian: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in a global advanced process for leading semiconductor manufacturers, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yong-hoon: Dr. Physics from the University of Gangdan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts from the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Securities, four years of experience in research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.