Quantified prices have led to steady growth in productive capacity, expansion of the Monvai industry, and expansion of the coal industry.
(a) The financial evaluation of the Sanxi Coal industry (601225) The issuance of the semi-annual performance announcement for 2018, which enabled the company to earn $26,243 million in operating income during the reporting period, an increase of $657 million over the same period, an increase of 2.57 per cent;
The net profit attributable to the company’s shareholders was $5,944 million, an increase of $471 million, or 8.61 per cent, over the same period. The overall performance in the first half of the year was steadily increasing, with the volume increase.
The company’s core business, which accounted for 95.95% of the revenue during the reporting period. In the case of sales, the company achieved a total of 52.71 million tons of coal production during the reporting period, an increase of 3.24 million tons over the same period, an increase of 6.55%; in the case of merchandise, 6,541,000 tons over the same period, an increase of 1.87 million tons over the same period, an increase of 2.94%; in the case of prices, an increase of 3.10% over 11.03 yuan/ton; and in the case of trade in coal, an increase of 11.64 yuan/ton over the same period, an increase of 3.04%.
As a result of the increase in sales and coal prices, coal operations achieved a total income of 25,181 million yuan during the reporting period, representing an increase of $444 million, or 1.79 per cent over the same period. Sustained improvements in operating conditions contributed to a significant reduction in financial costs. During the reporting period, the cost of $3.19 billion was reduced by 19 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, sales costs were 1.04 billion, or 46 per cent less than in the same period; management costs were 2.08 billion, or 11.7 per cent more than in the same year; and financial costs were $70 million, or less than in the same year.
50.27%. The public sector’s financial costs have been significantly reduced as a result of continued high coal prices, sustained improvements in the company’s operating position, cash flow, and lower liabilities and loan interest payments. Small-scale insurance and the imminent arrival of Yuan Taibing are available for future increases.
\triangleright production reduction, inter-provincial transfer, etc., has accelerated the pace of the conversion of production capacity and obtained 21 million tonnes/year approvals for mine No. 1 and mine No. 2 and Yuan.
This year's production will be about 4 million tons. It is expected to start production at the end of August 2019. It will be about 4 million tons in that year; it is now in the process of joint commissioning, with 2 to 3 million tons of revenue and about 1 million tons of equity, and will benefit from the investment. With the start-up of the mine in the next two years, the company's resource and capacity will become more visible, and it is expected that it will be Gon between 2018 and 2020.
Monhua and Jing-Sung will be moving simultaneously by the end of tomorrow, and help companies will break the traffic bottlenecks. With the opening of the Mon-hua and Jing-Sang railways, the railway transport system in the north will be greatly improved, and the proportion of coal that companies sell to the region will increase significantly in the coming years.
The cost of electricity in the region is much higher than the national and regional averages, and when the company converts the coal out-of-coal from road to rail transport, freight costs will decrease significantly, and the sale of the coal produced by the mines in the north is expected to increase even further, leading to a sustained improvement in the company’s performance. The pace of the country’s re-pacing is high, and the coal industry in the province of Shaanxi needs to be integrated.
As the only coal resource platform to be marketed in Shaanxi province, the Xinxi coal industry has a strong capacity to integrate resources and, in the context of the pace of state reform, looks forward to the company’s future expansion through mergers. With capital markets, new sources of energy will continue to be deployed.
The sale of clean coal as the main business, with equity investment in new energy-quality assets as an important layout, has focused on creating an interactive system of “coal plus light assets.” Through equity investments, the company now holds more than 5% of its shares in the Lungi stock (sh.601012), becomes a large shareholder in the Lungi stock, and is included in the board of directors’ strategic committee for decision-making.
\triangleright dollars and $1.33 dollars, corresponding to 6x, 6x and 5x, respectively, for the first time with a “strongly recommended” rating.
The price of coal has fallen sharply, the macroeconomic downturn has slowed, and the construction of a mine is not proceeding as fast as expected.
Name. In the 2014-million-year information year, "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasting Accurates in Real Estate" is the third in the real estate industry. Specific proposals or ideas for investing in SkyEye Real Estate today in 2016 are directly or indirectly relevant. There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor is there any guarantee that the information and advice contained will not occur.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.