Events: semi-annual report 2018 issued by the Xiangxi Coal industry on 10 August 2018, which increased the company ' s original coal production by 6.55 per cent to 52.17 million tons over the reporting period, and sales of coal by merchandise by the same amount as Xiangxi Coal (601225.sh)
The net profit after deducting non-recurring gains and losses was $5,952 million, an increase of 8.62 per cent; net cash flow from operating activities was 7.22 per cent for the ring scale; net profit from returning mothers was $3,103 million, an increase of 10.85 per cent, an increase of 9.20 per cent for the ring; net cash flow from operating activities was 3,123 million yuan, a further increase in profitability with a corresponding increase in coal prices. In the first half of 2018, the company ' s original coal production increased by 6.55 per cent to 5271 million tons from the same year: sales of merchandise increased by the same year.
Between 2.94% and 654.1 million tonnes. In the first half of the year, the combined sale price of the company ' s merchandise coal was $372.75/t, an increase of $10.25/t over the same period, an increase of 2.83%.
Xiaoji Research Assistant Xiao Jie ' s company costs have been reduced in the first half of 18 years, profits have been increased, and key business indicators have been improving. As a result of lower company transport costs and interest on loans, expenditure has fallen, with the company ' s three fees totalling 3,189 million yuan in the first half of 18 years, a decrease of 18.8 per cent in the same year, with sales costs of $1,038 million, a decrease of 46 per cent in the same year, and financial costs.
The company's sales rate of 54.68% in the first half of the year, an increase of 0.23 pcts in the same year, continued to increase profitability, mainly in the Sanxi Coal industry (601225): growing coal with excellent resource endowments has benefited from the company's increasing proportion of the Association to stabilize sales and reduce the cost of corporate costs resulting from interest-bearing liabilities. The cash flow interest guarantee is 70.96 times higher than last year's.
During the same period, 32.6 times more than at the end of 17 years and 48.1 times more than at the end of 17 years, the solvency of the debt continued to increase. 44.93 days of corporate business cycle (stock swing days + accounts receivable swing days) declined for eight consecutive quarters and the company ' s operational capacity continued to improve.
In the second half of the year, the production-intensive release period will begin. The company has a stake in the development of the mine (60% interest), 15 million tonnes in the design phase, 8 million tonnes in the approved capacity, \triangleright cindsecuritiesco., Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Street in the west corner of Beijing City, stage 2 was designed to produce 8 million tons of energy, and the capacity actually built was 35 million tons; construction is progressing well, with coal expected to be released in September this year, and phase 2 expected to be released in September next year, when coal will be stabilized at a level of 1 million tons per month.
This year, the company planned to produce 2 million tons, with 34 per cent of the company holding shares in the Chinese coal fields, 90 per cent in the Chinese coal fields, 31 per cent of the company's indirect shares in the Yuan beach mining company, and the failure to account for investment earnings on an equity basis, with an approved capacity of 5 million tons, located in the Dynasty mining area, where, according to our calculations, the company is in the process of releasing low-cost, high-quality resources from the perspective of future high-quality production.
In 2019, the Monhua Railway opened the “North Coal South” main corridor, and the “rail + Pipeline” will break through transport bottlenecks, significantly upgrade the company's marketing radius and capacity, reduce marketing costs and increase profitability. The company's future sales growth point will focus on the south-west and south-east regions, surrounding the strategic market layout of the “two belts” (the two regions of the river and the south-south lower radiation belt), promoting cross-provincial energy cooperation in the “one river” and south-west regions, with the company's coal inflows breaking by 4 million tons in the first half of the year.
On the other hand, the 19 years of construction of a roadway “Monhua” will significantly increase the capacity of Xiaoxi Province to deliver coal and reduce the cost of transporting and selling coal in Xinxi Province. Moreover, Xinxi Railway will connect to Xiangxi Province, which will open up transport routes to the company’s mines, and increase the value of the Qinghua Railway to the company.
It is expected that, upon completion, the shortage of railways and road coal will be greatly reduced, and that additional bottlenecks in coal production will be effectively bridged. Preliminary estimates suggest that the cost of transporting coal through Monhua Railways to the "one river, two lakes and two rivers" will be reduced by about $40-50 per ton, or 17-22%, and that there will be significant improvements in corporate operations and profitability, high cash flows, lower capital spending and indebtedness, and higher red potential in the future.
Performance continued to rise in the first half of the year, with a net return to the mother of $5,944 million (Yoy 8.61%). In 2017, the company received a share of $4.18 billion in cash, representing a 40 per cent red rate, based on a catalytic factor in equity prices: new productive capacity was released, the railway was opened in Monhua, and profitability increased significantly.
Charcoal, natural gas industrial chain, special studies on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-cheming intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions.Kok Wing Ming, Ph.D. (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineers, member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, member of the China Sindha Business Audit Expert Bank, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (chair), research advice in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development Programme, revision of the coal industry technology policy
Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering, University of Mines, China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for research in the coal industry. Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, Master of Business and Industry Management, People’s University of China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal industry.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.