Coal Tsangxi: The company’s good fortune is met with economic pessimism, and the stock price trend will be a market test.
The pessimism of the medium- and long-term economy predicts institutional investors closing the cyclical sector in the first half of 2018. In the case of power coal, the average spot price of power coal in January-August 2018 was actually higher than in 2017, but the share price of power coal companies, even the highest-quality power coal companies, showed up.
But the attitude of industrial capital may be slightly different from that of institutional investors in the secondary market. We believe that the massive back-purchase plan below $10 per share in the Sãoxi coal industry announcement can be seen as a representative expression of the value of the company from the capital of the industry.
The company’s fundamentals are not so bad, and the real expectations are less in terms of the power coal industry and future aggregate demand. The supply side of this round is reformed, with coal being the first species since 2016, with total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
Since the second half of the year, research in the coal industry has suddenly turned into a remarkable phenomenon from years of silence. 12 months of maximum/minimum (millimeter) companies that have almost the best resource conditions and combined cost advantages in the industry, despite the market to the public.
The company will benefit from the long-term modest increase in demand for power coal in the future, as well as from future movements.
Continuous restructuring of production structures in the coal industry and dramatic changes in the pattern of powered coal transport. This flagship energy company is now under pressure for valuation, and we believe that the current investor’s pessimism about the future volume and price of powered coal is a double pessimistic expectation of future levels and prices of the coal industry due to a pessimistic view of total demand in the medium and long term. But we believe that:
First, as a result of supply-side reforms, power coal, like many cyclical products, is not necessarily moving in future quantities and prices in line with traditional patterns; second, as a result of the adjustment of the new energy subsidy policy, fire power and power coal are on the edge of the energy structure, the future demand for power coal is improving.
The volume should increase slightly over the long term, and the future increase in coal demand is mainly due to the increase in the number of hours spent on fire power, rather than, as in the past, to the increase in the number of electric heaters. These long-term benefits at the industry level are new patterns in the future of the market, and investors need time to understand.
The trend in corporate stock prices may have been a litmus test for the current market. The benefits of the company’s massive repurchase plans have in fact combined the price of powered coal at the industry level with the stability of the past week.
On a trading day, the stock of companies accounted for 0.67 per cent of the volume of transactions in both cities. We think that the pessimism is a litmus test for the current market. Ratings. Although there is currently a high level of downstream stock in power coal, there is a recent market for one.
A new supply-side factor: environmental protection. This factor, we judge, could bring power coal prices closer to the "combined zone" at a much slower pace than previously thought. Without considering possible stock buy-backs, assuming that the price of power-end coal is equal to the price of 5,500 kilocalories in Qin Island in 2018-20.
Five of the co-coal industry (601001.sh) are comparable companies, closing on September 7th, 2018 to double (taking into account the fact that it is recognized that saloon resources are located in the country's highest-quality powered coal areas, giving a certain amount of market value that does not adequately reflect the salsi coal industry). So we believe in both valuations.
The highest rating of stocks for Pacific equities is “buy-in”, because we believe that, even though we believe that China's capital markets are becoming more regulated, high-quality corporate stock prices tend to increase dramatically in the current and future market arenas by the most prudent and valuable investments.
The purchase plan is currently only a preliminary stage.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.