The difference has been reduced by a narrow margin, improved structure, capital growth, and the PDC's semi-annual performance rating in 2025.
Poufan Bank (stock code: 600,000) Improved performance and increased profitability: 2025h1, the company achieved business income of 90.559 billion yuan, +262 per cent; net profit return of 29.737 billion yuan, +10.19 per cent; annualized weighted average
The Division’s performance improvement was mainly due to steady growth in size, structural optimization, and the provision of anti-breeding contributions.
Interest-bearing asset yields and interest-paying liability cost rates are higher and better structured than at the beginning of the year. At the end of the asset, loans are higher than at the beginning of the year and 4.51%. Companies focus on such key tracks as science and technology, supply chains, inclusiveness, cross-borders, and focus areas such as long triangles, two new and capital-related priority sectors to speed up trust.
At the beginning of the year, public loans were increased by +10.41%, with manufacturing and research assistants contributing to Yuan Shih-jin. At the same time, corporate pressure was reduced in value, and the discount ratio was lower. At the end of the debt, deposits were lower than at the beginning of the year.
The higher rate of growth is mainly the result of higher returns on the beneficiary investments. The company’s marginality, at the same rate - 1.02%, is largely burdened by a decline in income from the bank card business, but the hosting business has performed well, with a similar income of +21.3%, and the company optimizes its intellectual wealth management services, retailing aum at the end of June compared to the beginning of the year + 10.55%. Other non-interest income is equal to the same amount.
The quality of assets continued to improve and the conversion rate increased capital: at the end of June, the company ' s non-performing lending rate was relatively deep at 300, further depressed, and the non-performing rate for public loans was between 15bp and 1.19% at the beginning of the year.
Investment accelerates corporate debt-to-equity transfers, with a current rate of 29.68 per cent. Investment proposals: companies focus on a number-intelligent strategy, with strong track, excellent structure, risk management, efficiency, business lines, deep-deep triangles, transformational energy release.
The asset quality continues to improve, and the risk offsetting capacity increases. The national share entry of amc promotes a shift, an improvement in performance and an increase in profitability of 2025h1, with companies achieving operating income of RMB 90.559 billion, or +26.2 per cent, and a net return of RMB 29.737 billion, or +10.19 per cent.
This improvement is mainly due to steady growth in size, structural optimization, and the provision of anti-breeding contributions.
At the asset end, loans are higher than at the beginning of the year + 4.51%, and companies focus on key areas such as technology, supply chains, inclusiveness, cross-borders, and such priority areas as long triangles, as well as two new and capital-related priority sectors, to accelerate the delivery of credit and increase the growth of public and retail credit.
Figure 5: Size and rate of increase of bank loans, Figure 6: Size and rate of increase of bank loans to public and retail loans, Figure 7: Structure of bank loans
Figure 8: Peripheral growth in retail lending by PDB, Figure 10: Portfolio structure of PWB, III. Higher return on investment and optimal development of wealth management
Investment returns contributed at a rate of +15.91 per cent over the same period; the first half of the year, with a positive gain/loss on fair value changes, was reversed at a rate of 79 per cent, as a result of the volatility of debt markets.
The size of the loan has been further reduced, from 15 bp to 1.19 per cent at the beginning of the year. The rate of bad retail loans was from +4 bp to 1.65 per cent at the beginning of the year, of which credit card failures ranged from 16 bp to 2.29 per cent, while the risk of bad loans of other types remained exposed. The company provided coverage was centred on a few intellectual strategies, with strong track, excellent structure, risk management, efficiency management, long-drawing triangles.
The economy is not as good as expected, the risk of deterioration in asset quality; the interest rate drops, the risk of rim pressure; and tariff shocks, the risk of weak demand. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research view.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.