On December 12, 2017, Vanvi and Gxmusiclimited signed the Repurchase of Shares.
The agreement, under the share buy-back agreement, provides Hong Kong Wanwei with the expectation that he will be able to get a contribution through this exit, and local chess cards become the main driving force behind the high performance growth of the major shareholders (2017 q3)
Through institutional innovation, the traditional gold model was changed to a home card model, catering for the social needs of the familiar chess game, leading to a significant increase in the market for local chess games. According to the company, 658 million yuan was earned in the first half of the year of recreation, compared to the ring in the second half of last year (July-November).
74.54%; net profit of $322 million in the first half of recreational activities and $64 million in single-month profits. As of q3, net profit of recreational activities is close to 6 income structures (2017h1)
The company's game business was originally dominated by agency. In recent years, the company's business focus has gradually shifted to its own, as the supercell product running under the company's main agent has declined.
The new game developed by the company, Seal: A New World, took the lead in July to get online in the Taiwan area and get a pair of appstore and googleplay in the Taiwan area.
After that, the game went online in Hong Kong, South-East Asia, and Latin America, and performed well as a whole. In addition, the company is going to buy all the new shares of Soft Star Beijing at a price of $213 million. When the deal is done, the company will hold 51% of the shares of Soft Star Beijing.
Right. The fully-funded subsidiary of Taiwan Daewoo Information in the Soft Star system in Beijing is the developer of lists of pc games such as the Swords, Swords and Monopoly series.
The game is expected to have a similar effect to "end-to-end" when the work under the flag of Beijing's soft star moves. Recently, with the authorization of the soft star, the five-hand tour of the Swordsword has reached the ios best-selling list of Top 5 and has remained on the best-selling list for months.
Top 20, displays the great user appeal of Swordsip. The Soft Star and Kunlund, a joint venture of two companies, is expected to be online by the end of the year.
In addition to the interesting shops that have already been partially realized, the expected investment returns in 2018 include: (a) a $20 million investment fund (80 per cent share-holding) financed by Hong Kong Vanvi and a Gxmusiclicmited investment fund. The investment fund targets investments in music and short-sightedness.
The investment fund gxmusiclicmited has been withdrawn by selling shares. Hong Kong's Man-Dive Scheme has also withdrawn from the counterpart fund and is expected to generate investment returns of about $155 million through this withdrawal.
The sale of the holdings of the Peking Roast Network Technology Ltd. (the “Flower”) is expected to yield an investment return of RMB 503 million.
Under this heading, the net profits forecast for the period 2017-2019 attributable to the shareholders of the parent company were $1,108 million, respectively, and the market for new game products did not perform as expected; local board regulation & competition increased further; and the situation: data forecast and valuation: (contributions based on the latest stock market)
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.