Klonwanwi (300418.sz) Internet/Internet media
In the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved operating income of 2,672 million yuan, an increase of 44.89 per cent, a net return of 576 million yuan, an increase of 16.88 per cent, and in the third quarter $935 million, a decrease of 187 million yuan, a rise of 18.91 per cent in the ring and a steady increase in the main business.
Leisure + self-researching provides a strong guarantee of performance, and S-skilling is expected to lead to performance growth. In February, companies and local chess players played with each other and showed profits of up to $164 million.
In the old game business, self-researching, Hope: A New World, landed in Taiwan in July, and then went online in other markets such as South Korea and South-East Asia, making Taiwan the first free market and third in the best sales list.
Thailand's top-notch free list, with a billion dollars worth of water flowing monthly. The company's two S-class hands-on trips: Death and the Sword's Man's Cloud will be on the line in the fourth quarter, and the slg-type hands-on tours: Terminator and Second-Square Stars in September.
17.95/29.32 Accommodating up-to-date progress will also provide strong safeguards for the company ' s subsequent performance growth.
In addition, in an announcement issued in October, the company received RMB 345 million in returns through the transfer of a share of the fun shop, which is expected to be confirmed in the fourth quarter, and the company still holds 16.86% of the fun once the deal is completed.
With $750 million in investment and 19.2% in shares, the market price of $2.4 billion and a total share of $330 million after the company's successful trip to the United States could bring a total investment gain of $9.2 billion to the company. With the company's new handwalking on the line and its leisure and entertainment outlets, the hand-carrying industry will continue its development trend, viewers, etc.
Opra and social software grindr are expected to be new performance growth points for companies, maintaining a “recommended” rating.