Performance is largely within expectations, with "Inner + Leisure + Investment Gain" contributing to high year-round growth, Zhang Qiangwei
Incidents: 3-quarterly company reports, q3-quarter operating income of 935 million, an increase of 51.14 per cent over the same period; net repatriation profit of 192 million, a decrease of 22.94 per cent over the same period; deduction of non-net profit of 186 million, a decrease in the same period
Three-quarter performance is within expectations, and four-quarters are expected to recognize $340 million in investment returns. 17 years, three-quarter performance is largely dependent on insiders and idle tables, self-researching the game Hope: A New World during the reporting period.
In October, the company traded a portion of the fun shop with RMB 345 million and is expected to confirm in the fourth quarter that, given the recognition of investment returns from the screening stock in the third quarter of 16 years, we believe that the performance of the quarterly paper is within expectations and is expected to remain high throughout the year.
▪ The game business continues to grow endogenously, with new products on the line for the fourth quarter. The company implements a strategy of mobility, integration, agent precision, self-researching as the sacred domain of the gods, and the surrogate distribution of the supercell global phenomenon-scale game Sea Island Odds, Tribal Conflicts, etc.
Ken. Three-quarters of a new self-research game, Hope: A New World, with excellent performance in overseas markets, and a first day of 3dmmo hand-to-hand tour of the bleach border-spill awakening, developed jointly by the Kun Lun game and the klab club, was launched on September 28, and is expected to be online on two platforms in the mainland region during the year.
Operations, Daewoo's authorized "Swords of Man Clouds" is also expected to be officially launched in the fourth quarter, resulting in a significant increase in profits from leisure and recreation, and the development of a data platform for five product matrices. In February, the exercise was completed and presented, which greatly increased the size and profitability of the company.
In addition, Cullen games, recreational activities, 1 mobie, Opra, grindr form five product matrices, all of which are huge databases that have been deposited for the company.
The foundation has been laid for data-driven platform development to help companies optimize, fine-tune, operate and realize platform flows.  Maintain a “buy-in” rating.
1. Study one + one board, performance against current stock prices of 27, 21 and 17x. Take into account the cash flow from built-in self-research games, leisure and entertainment, and the future huge investment returns of the fun shop, and look at the company ' s long-term development prospects, Vi.
2. Acquisition of 38.47 per cent of the remaining shares in grindr, solid international social leadership and content platform 20170523
With the approval of the China Securities and Supervisory Board, there is an investment advisory committee on securities.