Replenishment Soft Star, working together to build a single system of transport, the Kawakami Stock Exchange, Inc., signed the shares with Daewoo Information, Soup Star International and Soft Star Beijing.
At the same time, Quino Teng is going to sign a joint venture contract with Soft Star International. Quino Teng will purchase all the new shares of Soft Star Beijing at a price of $213 million.
Soft Star is a fully-owned subsidiary of Daewoo Information Inc. in Beijing.
The Six-generation monogamous products of the Swordsman Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five.
Aoyang Woo's sword will break out of operational difficulties and work with Kunlun to build a single system of research and development.
We believe that this increase will make Daewoo out of business difficulties ($3.74 million in business income in January-September 2017, $2.38 million in net profits, and 2016 development of an enabling model that combines Klon Wanway's research and development, distribution capacity and the development of a soft star together.
We maintain an investment rating of Kuala Lumpur Wanway based on three points (1) below: the company game development model is on track, and this collaboration with Daewoo will further advance the research as one strategy.
2) The platform is active at 370 million a month, becoming the world’s leading Internet traffic portal.
China International Center, 15th floor, Hengsheng, 1000th Street Road, Land House Gate, China Free Trade Experiment
We have a large number of companies in the digital marketing industry, highly competitive markets, and head traffic is basically huge.
The Internet monopoly, faced with a bad competitive environment, has led to a certain difference in the business areas, work culture and workplace of companies that can be acquired by the company ' s Chinese district ssp platform, as well as the company ' s future challenges in terms of integration.
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) does not regard the recipient as a client and not a reader who has no business relationship with the company.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.