The fun shop was listed for a very large investment gain, and the self-research game plus leisure is expected to continue to increase its performance.
\triangleright The Fancy Front was established in 2014 to provide school students with consumer clothing.
Yes, the 200 million-dollar d-wheel financing of the ant-shirts in 2015 and the start of payments under the ant-shirt flag The unit has strategic collaboration with the Deep 300 Treasure and Sesame Credits, completes the payment system and the mail system, and has access to the payment treasures in the same year.
In 2016, the company changed its name to Fun Shop, which was officially listed at the New York Exchange on October 18, 2017. It shows that the main revenue from the fun shop's business was the service fee generated by cash loans and phased shopping platforms and the commodity price differential income received from brand suppliers, which accounted for 83.32 per cent and 83.32 per cent of the total revenue from the fun shop in the first half of the year, respectively.
In terms of company performance, in 2016, interesting shops received a total revenue of $1.44 billion, an increase of 514 per cent over the same period; net profit of 5.8 is on the increase in business as a whole. In addition to collection data, 217q1 mau was 2,3273,000 and 217q2mau 28.960 million, an increase of 24 per cent in the ring; and 217q1 was active on loan.
If the market value of the fun shop is approximately $7.9 billion ($52.2 billion) based on the sale price of $24 and $330 million of the stock, if the company's investment cost is about $750 million, the remaining untransferable stock value is approximately 16.86 per cent, the home base of the game is strong, and self-researching + recreation is expected to continue to grow in performance.
\triangleright, second half of the year, a self-study tour, Seal Hope: A New World, was first on the Taiwan area's app store and googleplay platform on the first day of its launch in July, and was recommended by Googleplay, the current city of Taiwan.
In the fourth quarter of the year, the Queen of Swords was reported as the famous rpg game ip, the agent was on the bleach, and he stole the star.
Queries: With a lot of extra performance, games like "Inner Moon" are expected to go online, leading to further growth in game income. Co-development is desirable.
In the first half of 2017, there was a strong competition in the chess market.
During the second half of the year, self-research products are worth noting, and market patterns will become clear in the second half of the year. Leisure, based on maintaining the advantage of the southern provinces of Sichuan and Hunan, has increased penetration of new markets on three or four fronts.
The market share of the game is expected to increase further, contributing to steady cash flow for the company. Short-term financial returns for participating firms, long-term co-development of \triangleright with core business \triangleright
In recent years, companies have invested in inter-connected businesses such as Opra, grindr, accompanying technology, silver Internet, cash cans, comic books, etc., with Silver’s network completing the c-round 300 million financing in 2016, with technology completing the $200 million c-round financing in October 2017, with many companies having the potential to market US or Hong Kong shares.
In return, long-term viewing of platform-based companies, Opra and grindr, has developed in synergy with the company’s core business of Quinlon play and recreation.
Hu Sam, Head of the Media Internet Group, Master of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, July 2011 to date, with many years of media Internet industry Wu Qing Yu, Master of Economics, University of Bristol, Bachelor of Business Finance, State University of California, June 2015 Joined the People ' s Sports Securities. Author with qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,