The company is the leading global manufacturer of communications network equipment, cloud services, precision tools, and industrial robotics, providing customers with intelligent manufacturing services for new forms of electronic equipment products centred on industrial Internet platforms. On this basis, the company is committed to providing firms with integrated solutions for technology services based on automation, networking, platforming, and big data, leading the transition from traditional manufacturing to intelligent manufacturing.
(1) The company ' s main clients are globally renowned electronics branders, whose main clients include maazon, apple,rris, Cisco, dell, hpe, Hwa, association, netapp, nokia, nvidia, etc., and the certification process for the selection of qualified suppliers is highly complex and lengthy. Through years of accumulation, the department has successfully entered the qualified supplier system of many international leading brand customers and Internet value-added service providers, and has worked with clients.
Long-term strategic partnerships have been established. (2) The company attaches great importance to the construction of smart factories and constantly improves its level of intelligence and automation.
The development and production of automated equipment, mainly metal-specific digital processing equipment, visual recognition, laser-type automated detection equipment, automated laser welding equipment, automated polishing equipment, industrial robotics, etc., have been carried out in various light-spill operations.
(3) In terms of large industrial data, companies have a comprehensive sense of data quality management. During the manufacturing process, companies attach great importance to data collection methods to guarantee data security through rational data screening and optimization of data storage, to achieve accurate and reliable data analysis and decision-making, to further improve the quality of production, to optimize the production process, to enhance the competitiveness of the industry and to promote the rapid development of companies in the field of industrial Internet intelligent manufacturing.
In the six months following the report, securities have increased or declined over the 300 index. This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities.
The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained therein shall be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and shall consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.