Hengtaisecurities, Heinaukawa is the king of investment advisers.
The company is the leading global manufacturer of communications network equipment, cloud service equipment, precision tools, and industrial machines, and provides customers with intelligent manufacturing services for new-form electronic equipment products with industrial Internet platforms at their core. On the basis of the above-mentioned major business, the company is committed to the development of a new electronic equipment product.
To provide enterprises with integrated solutions for technology services based on automation, networking, platforming, big data, leading the transition from traditional manufacturing to intelligent manufacturing. The shareholders in the company are the central firm, which holds 100% of its assets indirectly from Honghai.
According to the idc database, in 2015 and US$ 352.9 billion, the share of total global income in the smart manufacturing of electronic equipment was about US$ 329.9 billion.
Eighty-four per cent and 83 per cent. Asian market revenues are expected to reach about $429.9 billion by 2021, and global competition patterns in the electronic manufacturing services sector are relatively stable. According to the idc database, the world’s top 10 electronic manufacturing services firms achieved about the size of their operating revenues in 2015.
The amount of $317,647 million represents approximately 76.93 per cent of total global revenue for electronic manufacturing services in the current period. Total operating income in 2016 amounted to some $31,321 million, or 72.97 per cent of total global income for electronic manufacturing services in the current period, as measured by the idc database.
Companies have a long-standing focus on the development of critical technologies for the intelligent manufacturing of electronic equipment, including the development of professional modelling capabilities, diversification of processing technologies, etc. Companies can respond positively to customers’ needs and secure the direction of their products and markets. Over the years, they have accumulated experience.
The company has built a strong reserve of automated technology and a leading research and development capability that provides a strong guarantee for increasing productivity and product quality. Building on the technological base and the advantages of research and development, the company can better respond to industry trends and expand its area of business into the industrial Internet biosphere.
The company’s clients are globally renowned electronics branders, and its main customers (in alphabetical order) include amazon, apple,rris, Cisco, dell, hpe, Hua, Hua.
Together, netapp, nokia, nvidia, etc., have been able to build up over the years and have successfully entered into a system of qualified suppliers for a large number of international leading brand clients and Internet value-added service providers, and have established long-term strategic partnerships with clients, gaining long-term trust and building depth.
Stable strategic cooperation: 1, with 2,115 million yuan in funds to be raised for the construction of industrial Internet platforms; 2, with 1,005 million yuan in funds to be raised for cloud computing and efficient computing platforms.
3. The amount of $1,215 million is proposed for the efficient operation of data centres.4 The amount of $4,967 million is proposed for communications networks and cloud services.5 The amount of $632 million is proposed for connectivity solutions for 5g and for networking.
6. The sum of $4,586 million is proposed for the development and application of new technologies in the manufacturing of intelligence;7 the sum of $8,328 million is proposed for the upgrading of the manufacturing industry;8 the sum of $3.544 billion is proposed for the expansion of the manufacturing capacity.
The electronics sector is closely linked to macroeconomics and is affected by fluctuations in international and regional trade. At this stage, global and regional economic growth is marked by cyclical characteristics, which cause fluctuations in the growth of international and regional trade.
The recession in the global economy or the downturn in the macro-environment will have a negative impact on the electronics industry, which in turn may have a direct impact on the company’s performance.
Technology and product upgrading are fast and fast, especially for consumer-type electronics. For 2017, the company’s business composition adapts to the volatility of the electronics industry, major players in the industry need to increase their research and development efforts to ensure that they are able to meet their needs.
With continuous innovation, new products are being introduced to meet market demand. If the distributor’s technological and product upgrading and production operations fail to adapt to the industry’s volatility in a timely manner, the issuer’s business performance will be likely.