The company is the world's leading electronic equipment design, manufacturing giants, and its controlling shareholder, Chu Ji-sun, is Hung.
China’s elite subsidiary, which is responsible for communications network equipment under Honghai, cloud service equipment, etc., hopes to build a smart manufacturing platform based on this. The Department plans to release 1.97 billion shares, raising $26.7 billion for intelligence manufacturing, and then the company’s leading position.
Precision is a competitive advantage: the company is a company that works on communications network equipment, cloud service equipment design under Fuxcom. The company has a greater advantage over other competitors in terms of shareholder background, customer resources, and technological capabilities, and thus has a collection-scale lead industry (354.5 billion yuan in 2017).
According to the idc database, the global market for the manufacture of server and storage equipment was more than 40 per cent in 2016; the market for the manufacture of network equipment was more than 30 per cent; the market market for the manufacture of telecommunications equipment was 5.2 per cent more rapidly, and the Maori rate was slightly higher than that of other sophisticated manufacturing companies, but because of the scale effect, the market was more than 30 per cent.
The net profit rate has remained at around 5 per cent, better than peer performance.a Shares have been raised - $26.7 billion (total investment of $27.3 billion) to enhance smart manufacturing capacity: corporate planning platforms, efficient operation data centres, communication networks and cloud services, 5g and interconnectivity.
Eight projects have been built up for a period of 2-3 years, and it is expected that the productivity and technical standards of post-partum companies in the field of intelligence manufacturing will be further enhanced and the industry will be further strengthened.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: In aggregate, we expect companies to achieve a net profit of 0.3 times in 2018 and 2019, and a ten-fold market gain, so a share may be under a certain sales pressure. We were established in 2015 as the world’s leading communications network equipment, cloud service equipment, precision tools, and industry.
Building on the above-mentioned main business, companies are committed to providing companies with integrated solutions for technology services based on self-motivation, networking, platforming, big data, leading traditional manufacturing.
In terms of the shareholder structure (figure 1), prior to the listing, the company owned by the company owned 69.1% of the union’s shares, directly or indirectly, and the company’s parent company, Hung Hae-hye (with 100% of the company’s shares) directly owned by the company’s controlling shareholders.
Indirectly holding 94.2 per cent of the company, due to the fact that Hong Hai has no physical control (12.3 per cent of the shares), the company also constitutes an unmanageable person, based on the ratio of the shares, and that the shares of the Gwok Daik Federation of Industrial Wealth account for some of the total shares. In the view of the parent company Hong Hai's precision (figure 2), it is the largest electronic manufacturing sub-manufacturing enterprise in the world, mobile phones, mobile phones, etc.
The flat tablet is the second and first place in the world to separate. Its assets exceed 550 billion yuan, its income exceeded 930 billion yuan in 2017, a net profit of 31.7 billion yuan, a net profit of 2.6 times the size of the Industrial Union, and a net profit of two times the size.
Qualitative assets are injected into listed companies, with some room for imagination.
In terms of the income structure of the Federation of Industrial Wealth (figure 3), network communication equipment (mainly telecommunications equipment, network set-up and high-precision institutional equipment), cloud services equipment (server, storage equipment and associated high-precision institutions) have a 13.7 per cent Māori ratio of network equipment (2017) higher than the 4.7 per cent Māori rate of cloud services equipment.
Māori accounts for more than 80 per cent of network communications equipment (figure 4). In terms of client structure, corporate clients are dominated by globally renowned electronics brand companies, including maazon, apple, arris, cisco, dell, hpe, Hua, association, netapp, nokia, nvidia, etc.
Clients are of good quality as global brand companies in the electronics industry. The top five clients together account for about 70% of total business income, mainly because of their higher concentration in the areas of network communications equipment, cloud services equipment, and corporate clients.
According to the idc database, the global market value for the manufacture of server and storage equipment was approximately $35.3 billion in 2016, with companies accounting for more than 40 per cent of global gross product; the global market value for the manufacture of network equipment was approximately $27.9 billion in 2016, with companies accounting for more than 30 per cent of global production; and the global manufacturing of telecommunications equipment in 2016.
Market value is about $12.2 billion, and companies account for more than 20 per cent of global output. In the business areas in which they operate, the market is in the lead.
In terms of profitability, the company ' s Māori rate has remained above 10 per cent (figure 6), better than the 6-7 per cent Māori rate in the electronic manufacturing industry (idc data) and slightly higher than the average of comparable listed companies, and because of the size of the company ' s overall income, the significant scale effect, and the cost rate during the period is significantly lower than that of other competitions.
Hand (figure 7), so its net profit margin is better than that of other enterprises.
Revenues from the sub-equipment smart manufacturing industry are estimated at $412.9 billion and $42.6 billion, respectively, and are projected to reach approximately $52.6 billion by 2021, with an average annual compound growth rate of approximately 4.4 per cent for 2017-2021.
With the rise of China's manufacturing industry and the shift of the global electronics industry from vertical to horizontal structures and the increasing sophistication of the value chain, China has become one of the main production bases for global electronic manufacturing. Since 2013, “Industry 4.0” has become an important trend in global manufacturing, with countries beginning to focus on existing industrial technologies.
As a result, the industrial Internet has become an important driving force in China’s domestic manufacturing sector. According to the Bank, the market size of China’s industrial Internet market in 2015 was $64.1 billion, compared to the city of 2017.
In response to the above trend, the company ' s ipo fund-raising project proposes to release 1.97 billion shares (11 per cent of the total equity before issuance) and to raise 26.7 billion yuan (total investment 27.3 billion yuan, figure 9) for industrial Internet platform construction and cloud computing.
There are eight projects in which smart manufacturing and the industrial Internet are the main directions.
Structurer operations increased their manufacturing costs as a result of the upgrading of technological processes in products by major clients, resulting in a 0.5 percentage point decrease in the company ' s combined Māori ratio compared to the same period in the previous year, an increase in R&D inputs and fiscal 1018 million yuan in operating income, an increase of 19.8 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profit of 2.65 billion.
A 4.5 per cent increase in the same year, net profit to the mother after deducting non-recurring gains and losses, which is $2.63 billion over the same period of the previous year, looking forward to the future, with the company leading the industry with its technological advantages, at the end of the year 81 per cent), reducing the impact of financial costs on the company's performance and summing up the company's expectations of 2018.
The Tung Hong Hai elite desk unit in 2018 was only 0.3 times the market sales rate and 10 times the market gain rate, so a share may face a report prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. Investments and investment services provided by Group Benefit Bonds (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.