• Focus semiconductor shows the main industry, layout semiconductor photovoltaic material creates a second growth curve, tcl technology for the first time is dedicated to building semiconductor displays, semiconductor photoviral & semiconductor materials, industrial gold
In this context, semiconductors show that the business is expanding its full-scale, medium-sized and small-sized production capacity, the second largest in the world. 2023h2 is emerging as the supply-side "fixing prices" strategy, led by land-based plants, is becoming increasingly visible.
The price of the various size panels rises from the bottom of the cycle, and companies benefit from the depth of one of the “oligarchy” of the panel; semiconductor photovoltaics and materials operations continue to deepen technological innovation and fine manufacturing, and continue to drive down efficiency and accelerate internationalization in order to pass through cycles of greater relative competitiveness.
• The panel industry is warming and is expected to improve on a continuous basis at the end of demand: the demand recovery is growing at an average size, with a strong demand of 2024h2 and is expected to continue; at the end of supply: with the lgd selling out the g8.5 generation line in Guangzhou, the Korean factory is almost completely retreating
Out of the lcd market, there will be no expansion plans for land plants in the next few years, and industry concentration will increase further. According to the Group Intelligence Consultation, the share of land plants in global lcd production will exceed 72.9%, industry patterns will be optimized, cyclically reduced, and the head of the national plate will be profitable in the next few years.
• To improve the production profile and accelerate the transition from large to full-scale leadership, the company continues to expand its capacity through in-house growth, with 2024h2 gradually released from t7 capacity, and with the integration of the lgd Guangzhou line, the company's large-scale production capacity will grow significantly, with industry headlines.
Positions are further consolidated; technological leadership in the small-scale area is driven by a technological innovation drive; t4 is driven by softness, oled, fold-screened cellular panels, rapidly rising to the forefront of the industry, contributing to the main profit growth points; medium-sized markets are catching up with the industry ' s development strategy window period to build new performance growth
Engines. Speed up the release of t9 capacity and push for the upgrading of the t-car to the high end of the oed. Meanwhile, fast-printing of the oed industrial process, with the next generation of new display technologies, will lay the basis for companies to achieve a turn-over in the oed.
• New energy lanes, new dynamic energy for photovoltaic + semiconductor materials for performance growth tcl medium-rings insist on technological innovation to consolidate the g12 and n photovoltaic material lead, to upgrade the advanced production capacity, and to strengthen the industry. At the same time, to promote component capacity-building and speed up the process
The process of vertical integration of industrial chains reduces the impact of industrial cycle fluctuations on firms. In addition, the boom has driven globalization to capture high-value market shares and boost the growth of corporate profitability.
The panel's main business was strongly driven by a significant increase in profitability, with 1.1 power to show the panel's main industry, and the M&A to open the second growth curve tcl technology is a global panel head company with a focus on semiconductor displays, new energy photovoltaics and other silicon materials.
The company was founded in Xezhou in 1981 and initially focused on mobile phones and home appliances. In 2004, it was listed on its main board, and in 2009, it set up a China Starlight panel, which began the era of autonomous production of lcd panels.
Smart terminal operations, transformed from a diversified business to a focused semiconductor display and material business, in which the “high technology, heavy assets, long-cycle” industry is ploughed. In 2020, the three stars of Suzhou were acquired to promote high-quality production capacity in large-scale panels, and to demonstrate the upgrading of the module's entire production capacity, and to increase vertically the “panel plus whole” integrated delivery capacity.
In late September 2024, the company announced its intention to acquire part of the lgdg 8.5 generation and the accompanying module, further entrenching the company’s global leadership in large-scale lcdd. At the same time, the company, based on autonomous innovation, joined the Sanan semiconductor strategy for equity.
Joled, Japan, is comprehensively upgrading the company’s market position in the field of oled. Looking ahead, companies are expected to continue building on technological innovation and scale advantage in the field of semiconductor-based, semiconductor-oriented, new energy sources of light, and accelerating their emergence as a leading global intelligent technology industry group.
Chart 1tcl The history of science and technology has evolved from a relatively fragmented 1.2 equity structure, with considerable experience in the real control industry, to a relatively fragmented corporate equity structure, with the company’s founder being the first major shareholder. As of 2024h1, the founder, Dong.
Mr. Lee Dongsheng and his co-actors together held 1,265 million shares, or 6.74 per cent, as the company’s first shareholder. Mr. Li was the company’s first shareholder. Since the company’s inception in 1982, he has held key management positions such as tcl Communications and Equipment Ltd., tcl Electronics Group Managing Director, tcl Group Chairman and &ceo, which led his strategy.
The transformation helped the tcl group to break through the hundreds of billions of yuan mark, with excellent leadership and a great deal of technological and technological experience in manufacturing management. Chart 2 has a relatively fragmented equity structure (as of 2024h1)
1.3 Shows the main business scene, and the photovoltaic industry is still waiting to be repaired. The company's semiconductor displays, new energy photovoltaics and other silicon materials are the core of the two-wheel drive, and industrial gold and investment enabler development.
Medium- and small-size panels, applied not only to traditional markets such as tv, pen, tablet, mobile phones, but also to emerging high-end displays such as shopkeepers, motor vehicles, electric competitions, contact control modules, electronic whiteboards; new energy sources dominated by the tcl medium ring and other silicon-based materials, maintaining technological innovation and further expanding the technological edge of the g12/n silicon.
Sustained promotion of mitigation efficiency gains to increase relative competitiveness to move through the cycle; industrial financial investment operations to provide a stable profit-balancing industrial cycle in the form of investment returns, supported by technological development around the front-line up-and-down layout of the main industry. 1.3.1 semi-conductors show business: external extension of the whole-size layout and technological innovation to expand the lead edge.
By 2023, the company had set up nine high-generation panel production lines and five module bases in the form of autonomous line-building + external M&As, step by step to strengthen the big-size lead while optimizing the medium-sized layout of the small-size structure, covering major global customers.
G8.5 Generations (T10) mainly produce large-scale products such as tv, shopkeeper, and monitor. No.2, 55'75's global market share in 2023. Large-scale high-end upgrading strategies are progressing significantly.
In addition, 2024.09 intends to acquire the lgd g8.5lcd line in Guangzhou, and the M&A will further increase the company’s market share in large-scale areas; the small-scale market is located at the upper end of the high-end market in a combination of ltps and soft-led production lines, 2023 t3ltps/t4
The volume of mobile panels has been raised to third/fourth in the world, and the volume of soft-led business income has doubled, making it an important driver of performance growth; the medium-sized sector has accelerated the construction of new production capacities, such as t, vehicle, etc., to generate new dynamic energy for business growth.
Medium-sized operations will be the main engine for company growth in the future, as the t923 generation of capacity releases and the t5 project progresses steadily. With technological innovation at its core, continuing expansion of industry chain critical links will improve vertical integration.
In terms of innovation, tcl-Star, through its “National Center for Printing and Flexible Show Innovation” and its strategy, joins Japan's Joled to accelerate the industrialization of printed oleds from the entire material, equipment, process, products, etc., and to lay the groundwork for the capture of the medium-sized and large-scale oled blue sea market.
New source/qled material development, focussing on micro-led, setting up a joint laboratory to lead the next generation of new display technology developments; downstream mechanism construction, acquisition of Samsung Modelling plants in Huezhou and India, acquisition of Sioux and Muku International, upgrading the modularization, integration of manufacturing capabilities and promotion of company prices
Figure 5 accelerates the vertical integration of the industrial chain into the construction of new energy photovoltaic operations: with photo-volatile silicon at its core, the dual-industry chain development model
Focus on the center of photovoltaic silicon, differential development of downstream battery assemblies, semiconductor material rapid breakthroughs.
A two-technology platform that horizontally expands high-value segments, such as photovoltaic panels, and comprehensively upgrades the company’s integration capacity and profitability. At the same time, the development of 8-12 inches of semiconductor silicon, based on the core advantages of the silicon field, is moving rapidly towards the manufacture, generation of new photovoltaic energy, and semiconductor bi-industry development models.
1.4 There has been a significant increase in profitability, the cash flow has improved and the growth is high The panel industry has emerged from the bottom of the cycle and the company has come to a profit point. As a result of the start of the Boe, tcl and technology, the panel industry has begun to show a better supply and demand relationship, and the prices of mainstream products have steadily increased, especially the large size of the tv panel
By the first three quarters of 2024, tcl was able to raise 76,956 million yuan, yoy+25.74 per cent, net profit of $4,443 million, an improvement of $6,067 million, and corporate profitability rebounded strongly out of the valley. As high-generation capital spending slowed down the supply pattern of the industry, each foot of the industry.
The price of the inch panel will rise steadily, and the company will show that its business performance is expected to be on a full-scale upward trajectory. In addition, in 2023, production from the industrial chain of the photovoltaic industry accelerated the release of structural imbalances in the supply and demand of the industry, with price fluctuations in the main chain of products. Companies will insist on technological innovation, build up a leading edge in the g12 and n photovoltaic materials technology, and continue to do so.
To promote lower efficiency gains in order to smooth the cycle of greater relative competitiveness.
Figure 9 Corporate revenue structure (millions of yuan) High R & D input & extreme operational efficiency and profitability promotion. Companies are driven by science, technology and innovation at the core, increasing R & D investment in new technology applications at a cost of more than 5%, and working to scale up their original creation.
In addition, tclhua, through the synthesizing effects of twin-star plants, maximizes efficient production line layouts and expansion of production capacity, fine-tuning management and extreme cost efficiency are key factors in enabling companies to move into excessive swing cycles of industrial volatility, with company sales/management costs remaining at 2-0 in recent years.
3 per cent, with financial cost rates stable at about 1 per cent over time, leading the corporate cost-control industry.
The company’s cash flow has improved significantly, with low reliance on government subsidies. The vertical integration and cost-effectiveness of the industrial chain have resulted in efficient company capital operations, cash production and high-tech industries that have operated since the 2023h2 panel cycle, and sufficient cash flows have provided a favourable safeguard for companies to develop new technologies and move into new production lines.
In addition, companies have long been in a higher position in the industry, operating efficiently and with a healthy capital structure. Without the company’s full-scale, technology-wide layout, high-end output is gradually releasing up-to-date tcl mid-cycle performance, the company’s profitability is expected to increase further.
2 + higher share of supply and demand, higher profitability of head firms, higher concentration of 2.1 industries, recovery in the price of land-based production-driven panels, stabilization of capital spending patterns, and ownership of the industrial chain by continental enterprises.
Excellent counter-cyclical investment capacity and leading cost-control levels, China’s mainland panel firms re-invested several high-generational lines between 2018 and 2021, leading to the third global shift in LCD capacity. ihs projected close to 70% of land-based panel production in 2024, with a rapid increase in the bargaining power of the share-based products.
The sharp decline in panel prices, caused by atrophy in demand in the end-market and excess capacity, delayed capital spending at the continental panel plant, the strategic exit of Korean firms from the lcd panel market at the cost of profits, and the sale of the lgd g8.5 generation lcd line in Guangzhou at the end of September 2024 marked the complete exit of Korean firms from the lcdtv market.
Barriers to finance, technical barriers, we believe that the marginal benefits of higher generation capital spending in the future of the lcd market will decline, supply-side “oligarchy” patterns will stabilize, and land-based plants will take up the power of dialogue in the industrial chain. Land-based plant-controlled price-fixing strategies have emerged, and cycles have come to an end.
In the view, a continental paneler headed by Kyoto East and tcl-Star started a demand-driven production, dynamic control strategy, actively reducing crop yields. The supply side proactively recovered demand, and the price of the 2023h2 panel started a full-scale rise from the bottom of the cycle, with the large-sized tv panel, which was the first to bounce, due to large-scale conversion trends.
The biggest increase in the demand for sports is the biggest. As a big tv headline company, tcl-Star benefits from depth, with a 25.74 per cent gain in the three quarters of 2024, with a $6.067 billion increase in net profits compared to the previous quarter.
The upswing and upswing of the industry continues, and corporate performance will continue to grow at a high rate, with large-scale industries moving into the mainstream-size panel price of figure 18 (US$/smells).
2.2 Technology innovation + share rises, large-scale leadership is strong, tv panel market multi-technology routes parallel, lcd is difficult to replace in the short term, lcd technology matures and uses a wide range of oled multi-tech routes.
The voltage controls the direction of the liquid crystal molecules, and the photolytic crystals from the back of the light source are turned over through colour filters and glimmers filtering out the three original rgbs and forming the light of colours.
When the sub-symptoms combine to create a high-energy and unstable form (the primary luminous body), the sub-stimulus jumps back from a high-energy state to a low-energy launch, the photon (visible light) comes out, while the organic dyes (the passenger luminous body) that absorb the impulses in the luminous zone are emited with the amount of energy (visible light) radiated by the radiation.
The circuits are controlled separately, with the spontaneous light of individual pixels, and can be divided into rgboled, woled, qd-oled and printed oled, depending on the pattern of photoluminous organic matter pixels.rgboled is currently used mainly in small and medium-sized areas, except in the large size tv market, which is already commercial.
The wiled, qd-oled, also includes eleap, vip-based and inkjet-based printing.
Figure 20 tvoled Market Main Process Routes < < < < < > > > > > . The < < > > > . > > . The < > > > . > > .
The same decision determines the large-sizeing process of the panel enterprise for the cell segment. (i) Technically, materials and equipment are the primary factors influencing the large-sized process of the oled panel. The traditional rgb-oled panel plats organic luminous materials and metal cathode materials in a vacuum plating.
On the tft base plate, the production process consists of the preparation of the tft base plate's array segment, the preparation of the organic hair layer's cell segment and the radiator's segment, driveic, the tactile section, where the array and cell paragraphs are less home-grown due to the technical difficulties of production. The current cell paragraph is used to achieve this.
The fine metal mask (fmm) and plating machines of the key materials of the plating process are used only for small and medium dimensions and are bottlenecks to limit the fast-sizing of the oled panel.
The thermally elevated organic material is deposited at the designated position of the tft base plate to form pixels, which is the key to defining the pixel concentration pi with precision and fine sedimentation organic matter, and directly determines the resolution, imaging quality and productivity of the amoled display. However, there are significant obstacles to fmm in the large-scale process:
a. In performance, fmm technology suffers from resolution constraints, high grid difficulty, low material utilization, etc. in large-scale panel processes. As a result of fmm thickness (more thin than a4-paper), much of the material is made from very low heat and deformation coefficients, which can be mutated between fmm and the edges at high temperature and gravity.
As a result, pixels are deflected from the hole and the larger the size is bent, the more obvious it is. There is a color mix between subpixel, which affects the contrast, clarity, colour performance and productivity of the display. Moreover, in order to ensure the fmm's strength, the rigb-oled plating is sufficient.
The fmm opening size is at the micro level, the opening rate is not high, and the fmm head office printing dnp etching process is theoretically limited to the lowest opening of 25 mm due to the "broadness ratio". The low opening rate not only limits the pixel density pi, resolution and brightness of the panels, but also leads to a large amount of organic luminous materials from the oed.
Waste, increasing production costs; b. Cost, which is a core expendable material that cannot be reused, is replaced by one for every plating, which significantly increases the production costs of oled;
c. On the supply side, the rate of national production is extremely low and is prone to being “cracked” by overseas manufacturers. Dnp currently holds 95 per cent of the fmm market share, dnp expires in 2018 with Samsung's monopoly contract (providing 10-20 mm thick fmm) and dnp begins to gradually supply the wqhd class mobile phone to the east of Kyoto with 30 mm thick fmm.
Dnpfmm, the key base material - invar materials (iron nickel alloys) - is supplied by the Japanese metal Hitachimetals alone. The global 10-20-m thick fmm is still monopolized by the Japanese metal, and the dnp-Japanese metal agreement provides that the solar metal less than 50-m invar materials will remain separate for dnp until 2029.
In January of this year, production was produced and the g6mored production line was successfully imported and imported. The overseas oligarchy market did not benefit the supply chain security of the country's uned panel industry. Moreover, the dnp-sized 8-generation oled-fmm production line began to grow in 2024h1, and did not exist in the middle-sized amoled area of it, vehicles, etc.
(b) For equipment, the plating machine consists of multiple cavity chambers that complete a whole set of processes from base plate cleaning, luminous layer injection, glass sealing, which directly affect the quality and accuracy of the product in terms of bit accuracy and encapsulation.
It's the most central part of the panel production process. The ability to supply the plating is a key element in determining the ability of the panel manufacturer to invest in the oled production, mainly because: a. process is highly customized. amoled plating cannot be modified through the lcd device.
(b) On the supply side, Japan has a high monopoly over Japan, with low output, long turnover, and expensive prices.
Most of the evaporation equipment is supplied by Canontokki. Thanks to the continued warming of the amoled production line in recent years, canon tokki’s capacity to produce 10+ units per year under the policy of giving priority to Japanese and Korean companies such as Samsung, lig, Sharp, etc., is not enough to fill the gap in continental panels, even if the price increases are to buy land plants.
The procurement period is also over two years old. Moreover, due to the structural properties of the g8.xoled plating machine, canon tokki can only produce up to two machines per year. In March 2024, Samsung delivered the first g8.xoled level plating machine, with a purchase price of $5.23 billion, which is the most advanced in the world.
At the same time, according to Magirorresearch, Samsung has monopolized the entire capacity of the g8.6 generation plating machine up to 2026. To keep the production line moving, Kyoto East confirmed a bid in April 2024 for Korea Sunic.
11% of a billion dollars. (32,000 pieces/month design capacity of 2290 mm x 2620 mm glass panels theoretically need at least 4 semi-cut plating devices) as the second largest global oled plating device to enter the Apple supplier certification system in 2023, sonicsystem first produced g8.6-generation plating machines in product quality and delivery
In terms of affordability, further observation is made that the production capacity of two g8.xoled plating machines produced in the current year has not expanded. Chart 22fmm and plating machines have an impact on the large sizedness of the oed panel. (ii) Economically, tv as a whole is more sensitive to the price of the panels, and it is difficult to shake the price advantage of lcd in the short term.
Unlike a lower panel in cell phone bom, the tv whole machine has a 51% panel, the highest-value spare parts. The high bom ratio makes the tv terminal more sensitive to panel prices, and the procurement strategy is more prudent. In the short term, the high cost of tvoled is not conducive to its rapid penetration, and the high price of tvlcd is high.
It's still hard to shake over the advantage. The screen ratio is shown in figure 24lcdwoledqd-oledtv panel price (US$/fib)
(iii) In applications where the current technical route is not yet mature and the penetration rate of tvoled has to be increased. For fmm and plating restrictions in the large-scale oled process, major panels have been added to the cell section process.
The ligdwoled and Samsungqd-oled based on the omm+ plating process, the Visinovip technology based on the non-fmm+light-moderate process, and the printing of Japanese jdieleap and tcl technologies, are emerging. Currently, major technological routes are expanding actively, but technological maturity and economy of production need to be improved, with slow penetration rates growing.
lgd developed a woled display technique based on lcd colour filter filters filtering white backlights. Wolled replaced fmm with an open metal mask omm, which was fully open to the entire tft base, evaporates the red green blue light organic matter to form white backlights on the tft board and then filters the colour filters.
To form the rigb tri-colour, and to add white sub-pixels to compensate for the loss of brightness of white backlights through filters, and the loss of light energy of the shortest-lived blue light. Because of the limited filtering capacity of colour filters, the woled filtering of adjacent monochromatic light is more severe, affecting the colour performance of the panels;
qd-oled was developed in the combination of omm-distillation and ink printing processes to show that the blue plating membrane (the shortest blue light life) is the source of back-light exposure to the red green subpoint at the top, using the red green subpoint to convert the blue light separately into red green light and thus form the rgb three-column colour.
Colour saturation, color fields, energy consumption, etc., have all increased, but qd-oled’s quantum point conversion efficiency, production costs, and good rates remain important constraints on its development. The lack of fmm-light technology is equivalent to a three-fold extension of the current process, i.e., for every color made, it needs to be sealed.
Once, and only after polishing and cleaning the envelopes, you can enter the next process. The process of this frequent in and out steam plating of machines has an impact on production efficiency, product success, and combined efficiency at the time of real production. The volume of global tvoled panels in 2025 is projected by omdia to be no more than 5% tvld.
Chart 25rgb-oled, woled and qd-oled visualizations
qd-oled has more bright and colorful than womened The backlights show an increase in the pixel density of the panel
2.2.2 Leads the middle lock on high-end lcd markets, and the next generation of the layout-printed olid cards shows that the miniled performance is comparable to that of the flatled, which expands the pre-emptive advantage. Miniled achieves more screen backslides by making high-density led arrays of lcd backlights using led chips of less than 100 m in size.
The tcl technology has a central lead in minded technology, with 4 megaminiled backlight laboratories and 470 patents, long ago.
In 2017, the layout began around the miled backlight design, key components, transfer processes and whole systems, using its deep tv technical reserve and strong vertical integration capability, which was launched globally in 2018 as the world's first panel enterprise to develop and produce the fastest miniledtv. Moreover, to improve it.
The traditional pcb base plate controls only hundreds of partitions, with heavy backboards, weak colour performance, high cost, heavy power, and so on. In 2020, tcl technology launched a brand-new glass-based miniled technical route with a glass-based minibiled “mled star screen” that succeeds by virtue of its hdr high brightness, high contrast, super-intensity color performance.
Breaking through the fmm evaporation path bottleneck, the layout printing oed is expected to lead to a turnover. The printing oled is to configure the luminous organic material into a soluble solution and print it precisely in the pixel pit of the base plate with a high accuracy ink spray.
Vacuum drying removes solvents to form the rgb organic membrane layer. The membrane thickness of pixel points, the density of pixels, etc. is precisely controlled by adjusting the volume of ink drops (skin-up, 10.12l) and ink-jet locations. Unlike fmm plating routes, ink printing and printing have potential advantages in terms of performance, application, cost, etc. (1)
With regard to performance, no fmm limits are conducive to achieving higher pixel openings and pixel density pi, increasing the detection rate, peak brightness, contrast, reducing power consumption and prolonging the monitor ' s lifetime; (2) with regard to application, the fmm limits on the size and shape of the base plate were broken and allowed to be designed as free shapes that can be overridden from
vr/ar micro-sizes to ultra-sized full-size applications such as television; (3) production costs for first-time raw material utilization of up to 90 per cent, three times higher than 30 per cent of the plating process; sub-mechanical structures and light structures are simpler, without complex process processes and expensive plating machines, and construction investments are lower.
The next generation of new display technologies, tcl technology, has been actively deployed through self-research + joint research and development. In 2014, Hmong Photovoltaic power was created, focusing on the autonomous development of the oled materials, and the same year, the Union Tianmao Electronics co-financed the creation of Guangdong Juhua, the only national flexible platform in the country to show innovation, the National Printing and Soft.
In the context of the company’s active promotion of the medium-size strategy, the company’s first print product - 21.6” 4k print-led medical screen is expected to be available by the end of 2024.
In addition, Guangzhou t8g 8.5, which is the world's first-generation high-end display, produced commercialized products in 2025, can roll around the print line or determine progress by the end of 2024.
The technological advantage is to overturn the technology and re-engineer the pattern of technological competition.
Igd Guangzhou's g8.5 share has been increased, and the advantage has been further consolidated by the announcement by company 2024.09 that 80% of the stock of the lgd Guangzhou g8.5lcd line is to be acquired. According to the intelligence advice, 180,000 pieces of production per month of the lgd Guangzhou line after the merger was consolidated in 2025 will drive tcl.
The market share of the world’s high-generation line capacity has risen by 5.5 per cent to 25.2 per cent, the second highest in the world, while China’s continental capacity will be exceeded by 70 per cent, and the output of the lcd will be concentrated further in mainland China. The increase in industry concentration will help smooth the cyclical fluctuations of the panels further, and enhance the bargaining power of leading enterprises.
In addition, the acquisition of the lgd Guangzhou line has been technologically instrumental in enhancing the company's production capacity and technological accumulation and enriching the product structure; it has been able to operate as a “double star” plant with t9 in Guangzhou, reducing its performance, improving its efficiency and increasing the competitiveness of production lines; and further deepening its customer resources with the tristars, lig, etc.
International client collaboration is driving up sales. 2.3 Mobile phones go faster, power it's high-end, innovation-driven, flexible-led mobile panels leapfrog to third place in the world.
High contrasts, strong colour performance, thinning, low energy consumption, etc., should be widely used in small-size panels such as mobile phones and watches. According to omdia, 2024q1 flexible amoled panels were delivered for the first time over the lcd product as a mainstream display technology in small-sized markets, and with the preparation of large terminal flagships headed by iphone16
In addition, with the continuation of Andre's high-end strategy of branding mobile phones, the volume of folding screen phones that continued to climb in 2024 with the advantage of big screens, lightly portable, etc., became the fastest-growing cellular segment of the track. The company showed a growing technology at the high end of softness, folding, oxidizers, etc.
R & D inputs, where new technologies such as 24h1 folding in soft-led, ltpo, pol-less, fiaa ' s extremely narrow border frame have reached industry leadership levels, supplying head-to-customer flagship phones. Moreover, as t4 continues to be released, the output of high-end products such as ltps/softness/folding continues to increase, especially the volume of flexible aoleds yoy
Up to 180%, the city is the third largest in the world, pushing companies to rise strongly in small sizes. High-end push of products, rising average price of products, and increased profitability of companies.
In 2024, Apple openly introduced the oled to the ipad, macbook schedule, and three stars, Kyoto East, and Wisino in the high generation g8.6oled.
The supply-demand resonance of the old has increased significantly in the field of it, and the market for it-oled has become a new blue sea of displays. The company's strategic window for the technology overlap has invested $35 billion in construction of g8.6 oxidants in April 2021. The semiconductor's new display production line t9 and an additional 15 billion in July 2022 to expand the Wuhant 5g6ltps.
Lines (extension t3) were expanded in January 2024, when Wuhang 5.5 printed the olid test line. As t9/t5 was phased out, 2024h1's output in the field of monitors, pens, flat boards, and vehicles was the top three in the world, and production lines were becoming more competitive. In addition, the company is expected to identify its first high-generation printing line by the end of 2024.
The pace of investment in line 18 is expected to provide a strong growth dynamic for the company’s medium-size strategy.
3tcl Central ring: Technological innovation builds barriers to optimized precipitation, one of the global photovolts of single crystal silicon silicon “two heads” and the Māori ratio is more affected by industrial cyclical fluctuations. Companies have been working deep on silicon silicon materials for more than 60 years, with large g12-sized silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon in 2019 opening up full-scale efficiency gains in the industry.
The new path, N-silicon, is the first to keep the market out of business year after year. In 2023, photovoltaic old players expanded their investments to a minimum of 2.79% per year. Costing under the wrong mix of supply and demand will be the most important competitive factor in the silicon chain, as the head of the industry, where companies are expected to take the lead in optimizing cost control with leading production process technology and supply chain management capabilities.
Figure 39 Top Performance Increment of Photovoltaic Silicon Contributors 3.1 Silicans: Technology + Size + Management Multiple One, Cost advantages highlight company value 3.1.1 Large-sized + thinner +n-style drivers of industrial chain decline, multi-dimensional technology leads the way to enhanced competition
Large size drives down the entire industry chain costs and speeds up the penetration rate. Silicon large-scale downscaling pathways are to include the spread of non-silicon costs, increasing the power of the component & system: (1) “transit value” of the large silicon in silicone, batteries, components, system-wide chains without increasing equipment, manpower and management costs, thereby allocating the unit output.
The resulting non-silicon manufacturing costs, such as human capacity, depreciation, third fee, etc., (2) increased the residual value of the material by using large-scale products “with varying increases in area length”, the bordering of the components, welding belts, and the increase in the shelf of the terminal power station due to the size of the silicon as a result of the increase in the size of the silicon, thereby increasing the non-silicon cost of the thin single tiles; and (3) the larger power of the components.
Silicon silicon reduces battery spacing in the assembly, increases battery size in the assembly area, thereby increasing the power of the component, saves the cost of the component's single-bit power of non-silicon materials and photovoltaic systems. Fraunhoferise calculates that components based on large-scale silicons, inverters, civil engineering, electrical systems and arming can be obtained at the end of the entire industry chain.
The decline is most pronounced, particularly in the installation of power systems and support units, with a 7.42% decrease in model 210-665w capex and a 7.68% decrease in lcoe. Good economic efficiency has pushed up the market share of large silicons by up to 50% and is expected to gradually replace the smaller sizes of 166 mm and below.
Figure 41 shows a drop in components relative to 166-455w components capex and lcoe
The tcl medium ring, one of the “silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon, slicing efficiency, cutting rates, etc., has a high level of process control and a much higher degree of fragmentation.
166 mm) Increase in silicon surface area by 75/61%, significantly reducing downstream lcoe and bos costs, and providing a platform for a sustainable reduction in the cost of photovoltaic power generation. The company continues to build up the advanced capacity of g12 and continues to optimize the product structure, with over 95% of the output of g12 in 2023, 75gw for 210 series products.
Diagram 44 has a 210-sized single crystal silicon film series, and chart 45g12 has a rapid expansion of production capacity to raise corporate profitability, thin silicon consumption is reduced, and deep technology leads the process. Silicon silica silica silica silica is reduced by the weight of silicon consumption in the slices.
For a path, it is essential to reduce the cost of downstream batteries. According to the company ' s " Technological Innovations and Product Specifications: Gene/kg Price Increases " , it reduces the cost pressure of downstream industrial chains.
In 2023, the company g12 silicon produced 130m in volume, completed a 110m technological reserve, leading the industry of thin silicon. Type n battery baton p became the mainstream, and company n silicon market continued to be the number one.
Conversion efficiency is the core driving force of the photovoltaic industry, and the current perc battery efficiency based on p single crystal silicon is gradually approaching the theoretical limit of 24.5 per cent, while new batteries based on n single crystal silicon have the potential to further improve production efficiency (topcon 28.7 per cent, hjt 28.5 per cent) and become the next generation of mainstream batteries.
Technology. Because of structural differences, silicon-n films impose higher demands on raw materials and manufacturing processes such as silicon, thium, hotfields, goldlines, etc. With the breakthrough of key technologies, 13.9% of the month of photovolts rose rapidly to 66.7% in December, with a marked acceleration in the trend of silicon formation.
The stock of materials technology deposits and n-type technologies, participation in customer products and processes designin, maintaining strong product competitiveness and synergies, becoming the first publicly quoted company in the market for n-silicon tablets, N-silicon global export market
Figure 48 PV efficiency of different battery technologies Conversion efficiency of different photovoltaic technologies and prospects for the future 3.1.2 Industrial 4.0 enabling low-cost manufacturing and production efficiency optimization of moat companies
At the heart of the “deepblue”i learning model, the company industry 4.0 builds low-cost, large-scale individualized “black-light plants” with low-humanization capacity, forms process formulation modularization, highly personalized and differentiated “soft-manufacture capabilities”, overall increases in production efficiency, good quality and per capita labour productivity, and reduces the consumption of raw materials.
At the same time, it is more replicable, and it is easy to migrate the technological advantages of the process that have been developed to benefit the global landscape. The company relies on industrial 4.0 and flexible intelligent manufacturing to innovate in technology around equipment productivity upgrading, product quality upgrading, and decline in output, and to drive down efficiency, with the company leading the industry by about 0.03 in 2023.
Dollars/w, flexible manufacture of more than 1,200 customized products. 3.2 Photovoltaic cells/assemblies: maintenance of differentiated strategies, patent barriers to build a leading edge, differentiation to downstream components, patent barriers to strengthen core competitiveness.
The strategic access to the North American photovoltaic giant sunpower subsidiary, maxeon, has been increased by multiple rounds and is now the first major shareholder in maxeon, with 69.3 per cent (up to 2024.10). Maxeon has more than 1,000 global patents on higher premium ibc cells-assemblies and more efficient battery encapsulation technologies, Euro-American channels.
The company continues to develop innovations, relying on exclusive equity rights, and in 2015, it created the industry’s leading product with global intellectual property protection to take full advantage of the “hungry list”, with the mainstream product having two or more levels of power and a 0.2% efficiency lead.
In the future, as battery & tile patent technology improves, companies will continuously improve the differentiated competitiveness of battery & component ends, promoting vertical integration of the industrial chain, and raising the company’s profitability. Technology has not progressed as expected, R & D has not progressed as expected, industry competition has increased, and industry has declined.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.