At the time of the valuation repairs, the gas carrier was flying up the wind 2023 05 04 Keyword: #Integration
▪ National policies drive up-to-date up-to-date production and oil prices to continue to operate at high levels, with robust upstream operations. Policy dimensions: We expect oil prices to remain at high levels in 2023: 1) supply end: global upstream capital has increased only modestly, and oil prices have not increased global capital spending.
The volume has increased, but the capacity is in decline; the production of OEC+ has increased, with some national production reaching its limits; and the United States has gradually recovered its crude oil production, but production has increased only modestly, at average annual rates compared to pre-epidemiological levels.) At the end of demand: the global demand for crude oil has not peaked and is still growing.
With policy pushers and high crude-oil prices, companies maintain up-front exploration panels with high capital spending levels, efficient management of oil and gas operating costs, and move upstream operations toward high-quality development.
At the policy level, China is promoting a transformation of the refinery, with limited potential for significant additional refining products in the future. In this context, the company has a number of priority refining projects under way, and the refining plate will be ready in the future.
The demand for domestic finished oils will return to warm. 2) Overseas: the price gap for finished products has increased and the export quota for finished oils has increased. Companies are expected to increase the profits from their domestic and foreign operations. On ethylene, there is a high dependence on domestic ethylene imports. The company, as the main domestic ethylene producer, continues to push for a transformational upturn.
At the policy level: in the future, the relevant ministries will either set up a mechanism to link the prices of natural gas up and down, and natural gas, which is relatively uniform.
The cost of gas imports is expected to fall as a result of lower oil prices, warm winters, European demand pressure, etc. Since 2023, the cost of natural gas imports is expected to fall.
The company’s pb value is much lower than that of other petrochemical companies, which rank ahead of the market value, and is expected to return to a rational level of valuation, driven by policy. The Division’s performance grew faster, covering for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.
Continued high prices; increased quotas for the export of finished oils; increased regulation of the consumption tax on finished oils; downsides in the price of offshore natural gas; accelerated reform of domestic gas prices; anticipated risks of falling crude oil prices; and upturn risks in the price of offshore natural gas.
China Oil and Gas Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “China Oil” or “Commercial”) is the largest producer and seller of hydrocarbons dominated by China's hydrocarbon industry and one of the largest oil companies in the world.
On 5 November 1999, it was established on the basis of the reorganization and restructuring of the former China Petroleum and Gas Group (CPG) Corporation (now the limited public authority of the China Petroleum and Gas Group (CPG)). The company issued shares of h and a on 7 April 2000 and 5 November 2007, respectively, in Hong Kong United Exchange Ltd. (“Hong Kong Federation”)
China's oil and gas-related operations are carried out extensively in China, as part of a combination of domestic and foreign oil and gas exploration and development of new energy sources, refining sales and new materials, support and services, capital and finance.
Figure 1: China's oil development history — China Oil, Gas and Gas Group, Inc., was formally established.
The shares of China Petroleum and Gas Co. Ltd. are traded on the United States Stock Exchange in New York, where China Oil and Gas Co. acquired the hydrocarbon assets of Devon Energy, the world’s fifth largest oil company, in Indonesia.
• Buffett has invested HK$ 1 billion four times to increase the share of “Chinese oil” on the market in Hong Kong. • China Petroleum and Gas Group Inc. acquired 100% of the shares of the joint venture “Texugou-North Buzac” for the development of the North Bush oil field in Kazakhstan.
Joint acquisition with the Indian Petroleum and Gas Company of 38 per cent of the shares of the Syrian Euphrates oil company held by the Canadian oil company ... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
An additional 60 million shares a (stock code: 601857) of China Petroleum and Gas Co. Ltd., a holding subsidiary, and China Petroleum and Gas Co. Ltd., a controlling subsidiary, formally signed an agreement on the transfer of shares in China and Hong Kong in relation to the shares held by the acquisition company. • Indirectly holding shares, China (Hong Kong) Oil Co. Ltd. succeeded in selling 450 million shares.
• The controlled subsidiary China Oil, Gas and Gas Company Ltd. completed the acquisition of 45.51% of Singapore Oil Company shares.                                                                                       AUS$3.5 billion for the purchase of 100% of the Australian Arrow Energy Company.
• Acquisition of 28.57 per cent of the shares of Eni East Africa, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Eni Group, and the signing of a 20 per cent purchase of shares in the Yamallung project with Novatek, a Russian company to complete the transfer of shares in the Peru oil project with the Brazilian National Oil Company.
The acquisition of 20 per cent of the shares of the Russian company Novatek Yamaleng. • The sale of 60 per cent of the shares of China Petroleum Beijing Gas Pipeline Ltd. (“Beijing Pipeline”) and 75 per cent of the shares of China Petroleum Great Liquefied Gas Ltd. (“Dalian lng”) held by the company's Köln Energy Company to the State Network Group.
• Together with China Petroleum Group and China Petroleum Group Capital Company Ltd., which contributed RMB 2.9 billion, RMB 5.1 billion and RMB 2 billion, respectively, to the establishment of the China Petroleum Group Kwanglun Capital Company Ltd.
The company’s direct shareholders are China Petroleum and Gas Group Ltd., which holds 82.46% of the company’s shares, while China Petroleum and Gas Group Limited is a very large State-owned enterprise directly under the State-owned Asset Monitoring Board of the State Council, so that the State Treasury Committee of the State Council is the company’s actual controlling shareholder.
The company currently has a number of wholly-owned subsidiaries, joint ventures worldwide, which cover oil natural gas exploration, transportation and sale, petroleum refining, petrochemical and other chemical products and new materials production and storage, imports and exports of petroleum, gas, petrochemical products and other services and technologies, and new energy development.
Figure 2: Medium-oil equity structure China’s oil main business is divided into four major sectors: oil and gas and new energy sources, oil refining and new materials, and natural gas sales and sales. Hydrocarbons and new energy sources involve exploration, exploitation, production and marketing of crude oil and natural gas, and new energy.
Source operations, refining and new material plates include mainly refining of crude oil and petroleum products, production and marketing of basic and derivative chemical products, production and marketing of other chemical products, and new materials operations, sales of panels mainly related to sales of refined oil products and non-oil products, as well as trade operations, and natural gas and pipeline plates include mainly sales of natural gas and pipelines, as well as pipelines for oil and gas.
The net profits of the company are highly correlated with oil prices. In 2020, the impact of the new crown epidemic stagnated domestic production, oil.
Prices fell sharply, corporate profits were significantly affected, operating income fell by 23.2 per cent, and net profit returns fell by 58.4 per cent, with corporate profits rebounding significantly with the diminished impact of the epidemic and the recovery of international oil prices, rising business earnings by 35.2 per cent in 2021 and net profit returns by 385.0 per cent; and corporate profits continued to rise in 2022, as the Russian-Ukrainian conflict spurred high international oil prices.
In terms of Māori, oil and gas and new energy plates are highly correlated with oil prices, refining and new materials, sales panels are associated with negative oil prices, and the Māori rate of natural gas sales plates is consistently low. In terms of Māori, the period of high oil prices has been dominated by the performance of oil and gas and new energy plates, while the period of low oil prices has been dominated by the performance of sales panels.
Figure 9: Māori ratio of companies by sector (%) Capital expenditure level stabilized and refining investment peaked. Medium and medium oil capital expenditure level remained largely stable since 2018. 2021-2023e, oil, gas and new energy portfolio expenditure level stabilized at 80%, refining and new material plate
The post-epidemic net interest rate and net asset rate of return have recovered and increased profitability. The oil price cycle 2011-2022 has also shown strong resilience, maintaining a positive net interest rate and roe. After the 2020 shock, the net interest rate and the net interest rate on the sale of middle oil recovered markedly.
The losses are mainly due to the company’s abandonment of its firm’s sound financial position with Russian oil companies. The company’s asset-liability ratio is at a moderate level compared to that of domestic and foreign oil companies.
2. Hydrocarbons and new energy sources: a steady increase in the pace of oil and gas and a full upturn in new energy operations 2.1.
China’s largest oil and gas producer, the company’s main upstream oil and gas exploration and exploitation operation, has large oil and gas zones such as Daeqing, Changqing, Tarim, Southwest, Xinjiang, and Liao River. Of these, the region is the largest oil field in China, producing 30.3 million tons of crude oil in 2022 and has remained at more than 30 million tons in eight consecutive years;
In addition, in the non-conventional field, China's oilfield is the largest oil and gas field in China, producing 25.7 million tons of crude oil and 50,650 million cubic metres of natural gas in 2022, with a new peak of 65 million tons of oil and gas production equivalent. In addition, China's oil industry has actively promoted the construction of a national model area for shale oil and shale gas, and integrated efforts have been made to promote shale oil and gas exploration and development, with a total shale oil and gas production in 2022.
The efficiency of oil prices is highly correlated with oil prices. Corporate revenues from oil, gas, and new energy plates are directly related to oil price fluctuations, with the Māori rate increasing with oil prices in 2022.
Figure 18: Corporate revenues from operating oil, gas and new energy plates and the same rate of growth The changes in upstream capital spending by companies are directly related to oil prices and are also influenced by the State ' s policy to increase production. In 2022, corporate capital expenditure was $274.3 billion. Of this, capital expenditure on oil, gas and new energy was 22.16 billion yuan.
Mainly used for: the scale of priority basins such as Tariki, Sichuan, Ordos, Baugal, Songyo and Bay in the country; cost-effective exploration production; increased development of non-conventional resources such as shale gas, shale oil and new energy projects such as clean electricity, ccus, etc.; active overseas response to changing circumstances, with a focus on deepening the scope of the focus blocks and strengthening the Middle East;
The capital expenditure of the oil, gas and new energy subsectors in 2023 is expected to be RMB 1955 billion, mainly to continue to enhance the exploration of the scale benefits of priority basins such as the domestic Pine States, Ordos, Biargar, Tariki, Sichuan and Jin Bay.
Increased development of non-conventional resources such as shale gas, shale oil and new energy projects such as clean electricity, ccus, hydrogen energy demonstration; increased concentration of business development overseas, promotion of efficient development and operation of existing projects in the Middle East, Central Asia, the Americas, Asia-Pacific, etc., while increasing access to quality projects and continuous optimization of asset structures and operations
Figure 20: Capital expenditure of the company's upstream section (billion yuan, %) Figure 21: Capital expenditure of the upstream section of “Three barrels of oil” (billion yuan, US$/medium oil and gas operating costs are significant. Over the past five years, the operating costs of oil, petrochemical oil and gas have been relatively high.
Stable, floating between US$ 11-13 per barrel and US$ 14-17 per barrel, respectively, with lower operating costs for single barrels of oil. Lower oil and gas operating costs enable companies to maintain normal operations even during low oil prices.
In the area of crude oil development, the company has stepped up risk exploration on the basis of priority areas, and has intensified its exploration in such areas of storage as conventional oil in the Ordos middle-class community, and cologne oil in the Songao cologne.
In 2022, the company produced 906 million barrels of crude oil, an increase of about 2.1% in comparison with the previous year, and in 2023, the company accelerated the construction of gas field capacity. Of these, Changqing, Southwest, Tarim III. The atmosphere was the bulk of the increase in production and production. In 2022, the company produced 4675 billion cubic feet of gas.
Figure 24: Corporate natural gas production and the same rate of increase (one billion Cubics of oil reserves is well developed and natural gas reserves are stable. For crude oil, one, the economy's exploitable reserves are adjusted to oil prices, and the fall in oil prices has led to a decline in the company's reserves of economic exploitation; and two, with steady and sustained crude oil production, it has been explored
Given the continuing depletion of exploitable reserves, both factors have led to a significant decline in the company ' s remaining crude oil reserves after 2014, and the overall strategy of oil and gas growth has contributed to increased production of natural gas reserves, which have declined steadily from 2016 to the present, to 73.5 trillion cubic feet in 2022.
In a horizontal comparison, the share of residual oil and gas reserves in medium oil is the largest among the companies, but the decline is more pronounced by the longer years of exploitation of the country's oil and gas fields on land, where oil reserves have continued to decline in recent years, at a level of 67.5 per cent in 2022 at 18,660 million barrels of oil equivalent.
The median oil capture ratio was the highest in the “three barrels of oil” and the company's share was relatively stable in 2020-2022, with the company's lifetime of oil and gas available in 2022 being 11 years. Due to the longer time of land-based oil and gas fields, the company's reserves in the last five years were less than the other “two barrels of oil”.
“3 barrel” ratio (year) “3 barrel” replacement rate (%)
As the energy revolution increases, it is urgent to accelerate the strategic restructuring of our energy structure.
Life is a prerequisite for the energy revolution. In the broader context of the “double carbon” goal, oil and gas, the most important source of energy in addition to coal, maintain steady growth in crude oil and natural gas production, and are important for the country’s energy restructuring.
In 2017, China surpassed the United States as the world’s largest net importer of crude oil. In fact, our oil and gas resources are more abundant. According to China’s Mineral Resources Report of 2022, we have found oil reserves to be close to 3.7 billion tons; in the third oil resources assessment, our total marine oil reserves are close.
Although our oil resources are relatively abundant, our crude oil production is still at moderate levels, owing to its high cost owing to its geographical condition and the difficulty of mining it. In the last decade, our crude oil production has grown slowly, reaching a phase peak of 215 million tons in 2015, and has since begun to decline. On the other hand, domestic demand for crude oil is on the rise.
Over the past decade, growth has been steady, reaching 718 million tons in 2021, an increase of 6.33 per cent in comparison with the previous year. China’s external dependence on oil resources has risen steadily and remained high, with our crude oil production reaching 204 million tons in 2022, net imports reaching 520 million tons and dependence on imports rising to 72 per cent.
Natural gas is a source of high-quality energy that is clean and environmentally friendly, and as the pace of transformation of our energy structure accelerates, the market places higher demands on the ability to exploit and produce natural gas resources. Despite the remarkable achievements of our natural gas exploration and development, production capacity has gradually increased.
In 2010, our gas demand was 10,89 billion cubic metres. By 2021, our gas consumption had reached 37,87.7 billion cubic metres, an increase of more than double, with a growth rate of up to 12 per cent.
In 2021, gas production was 20,92 billion cubic metres, net imports 16,95 billion cubic metres, and import dependence was 45%. As environmental policy tightened, the process of gas-remediation accelerated, and China’s future demand for natural gas will continue to increase substantially, with external dependence of more than 50%.
At the policy level, it promotes, supports and promotes the rapid growth of hydrocarbon production. The growing demand for energy in our country is in contradiction with the actual supply situation, constraining our future sustainable development, and it is urgent to reduce the external dependence of oil and gas.
In February 2022, the National Development Reform Commission and the National Energy Authority issued an “Observation on Improving Energy Green Low Carbon Transformation Institutional Mechanisms and Policy Measures”, which re-emphasized the need to improve oil and gas clean and efficient utilization mechanisms.
Improving the clean and efficient extraction capacity of oil and gas fields. In the future, as exploration for oil and gas resources increases, policy-level efforts to promote, support and promote rapid growth in oil and natural gas production, especially clean energy, will usher in a breakthrough in rapid growth.
2.3. Oil prices or sustained stabilization at high levels on the supply side: limited increases in global upstream capital spending and a decline in supply elasticities in crude-oil-producing countries
In 2020, the new coronary hit international oil prices, and global upstream capital expenditure contracted by $149.0 billion in 2019, a 31 per cent decrease over the same period. In 2021, the global economic recovery and the OPC+ alliance reduced production, bringing the average price of the brent oil to $70.94 per barrel, an increase of 64 per cent from 2020, but global upstream planned capital.
At the beginning of the year, international oil prices rose to $90 per barrel or more, but the global oil and gas company ' s plan for the year 2022, established at the beginning of the year, only increased by $33 billion, or 8.6 per cent, from real capital expenditure in 2021, and remained significantly lower than in 2019.
We believe that, in the process of the transformation of old and new energy structures, the demand for crude oil will peak around 2027, and that if investment is intensified now, the production cycle for traditional oil fields will be three to five years, and post-partum demand will decline, and there will be uncertainty about the long-term rate of return for traditional crude oil projects.
On this issue, European sector companies (e.g. Shells) have shifted to integrated energy service providers, and oil and gas production has declined: United States sector companies (e.g. Chevron, Confield Oil, Western Oil) are based on traditional energy sources, but oil and gas production has remained stable, with little will to increase production significantly.
The current decline in Russian crude oil production has been limited. In April 2022, the effects of the conflict in the Russian Federation showed a decline in Russian crude oil production by 900,000 barrels per day to 9.1 million barrels per day.
As of February 2023, Russian oil exports had fallen as a result of the EU embargo on Russian finished oils and the price restrictions on Russian finished oils. In February 2023, Russian oil exports totalled 7.5 million barrels per day, compared to pre-conflict waters.
The level was 600,000 barrels/day less than in January 2023, including 4.9 million barrels/day for crude oil exports, 100,000 barrels/day less than before the conflict, 200,000 barrels/day for rings, 2.6 million barrels/day for finished oil exports, 500,000 barrels/day less than before the conflict and 300,000 barrels/day less for rings.
According to the International Energy Information Agency (IEA), the production capacity of Russian crude oil has declined from 1,042,000 barrels per day in October 2021 to 10.2 million barrels per day in 2023, and Russia’s production capacity has declined. In March 2023, Russia planned to reduce production by 500,000 barrels per day, or to create supplies.
By October 2022, the actual increase in production in OPC had not yet reached the planned target. On the one hand, countries with capacity to increase production, such as Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, had maintained a prudent increase, while other OPC+ countries had reached production bottlenecks and had no capacity to increase production. At the ministerial meeting in October 2022, OPC had decided to continue on the August 2022 production target benchmark.
By the end of 2023, Saudi Arabia and several other non-opec member countries voluntarily reduced their oil production by more than 1.6 million barrels per day. This round of production cuts is subject to objective constraints of insufficient capacity to increase production.
On the other hand, countries that have not reached their production targets are unable to achieve a significant increase in production owing to insufficient capacity. As a result, we are optimistic about the implementation of this cutback plan.
As of February 2023, China and the United Arab Emirates had surplus capacity of 1.75 million barrels per day and 890,000 barrels, respectively, we believe that Saudi internal coordination and oil price regulation capabilities have been further enhanced, that their willingness to maintain high oil prices is strong and that their measures to control production-based oil prices may be more effective.
Fig. 39: 2023.03.ia calculates the remaining capacity of OEC+ (millions of barrels/the US crude oil supply recovered slowly after the outbreak. First, the US owner, under the increasingly stringent capital constraints of investors, wants Shale Oil and Gas to return more of its revenues to shareholders rather than to expand investment; second, the pre-epidemiological shock.
Under this, shale oil companies use stock wells to sustain production, and post-epidemic oil and gas companies need higher costs to speed up the development of new wells and to catch up with past consumption of high-quality wells in order to increase production. Thirdly, human and material shortages and rising costs have become major problems in oil and gas production in the United States.
According to the United States Energy Information Agency eia, US crude oil production is projected to increase by 560,000 barrels per day to 12.44 million barrels per day in 2023, while US crude oil production has gradually recovered, with a limited increase in production, which is below the level of 1.5 million barrels per day prior to the outbreak.
Figure 41: U.S. crude oil production structure and forecast (million barrels per day) 2.3.2. Demand side: crude oil demand peaks in time
Considering that the rise in conventional energy prices has contributed to the acceleration of new energy vehicle penetration, we use the new energy vehicle penetration rate based on the s-type scenario. According to the model that we have built, we predict a peak in global diesel consumption in the field of transport by 2025.
Global new energy vehicle sales should reach 24% in 2025. This will be followed by a sustained acceleration in global new energy vehicle holdings and an accelerated decline in global demand for common diesel fuel, with global new energy vehicle sales reaching 100% by 2040.
Based on the conclusion that global demand for diesel fuel for transportation will peak in 2025, and on the fact that we have reached a peak in aviation kerosene, around the year, with a peak of about 4 million barrels per day between demand in 2027 and total demand in 2022, the rapid replacement of new energy vehicles led to a significant annual decline in diesel fuel for transportation and a total demand for crude oil.
In 2040-2060, the market stopped selling conventional fuel trucks, and annual consumption of diesel fuel for transportation declined slowly with the end-of-life of all-energy-holding vehicles, slowing the decline in demand for crude oil. The increase was about 1 million barrels per day, peaking in 2027.
In terms of the long-term demand structure, the consumption of diesel fuel for transportation will decline year by year, and the share of chemical oil will continue to run at a projected high price in 2023. Supply side, tension.
The company continues to maintain a cautious and restrainted production pace, with limited capital spending and insufficient willingness to increase production; the impact of sanctions, with Russia ' s crude oil production capacity insufficient and somewhat declining; a decline in the supply elasticity of the OEC+ supply, a strong willingness to reduce the price base; increased Saudi price control capacity; limited growth in crude oil production in the United States, persistent production bottlenecks and release from 2022.
Strategic crude oil stocks turned into the 2023 replenishment cycle. On the demand side, growth. The domestic economy recovered in the first half of the year, but the foreign and domestic economies recovered further in the second half of the year.
But oil prices are less likely to fall sharply because the Fed will slow up interest rates and even take interest-reduction measures in order to revive the economy, the Saudi-led OEC+ supports oil prices by controlling production, and the non-OEC is unable to increase production on a large scale. In the absence of a major shock, oil prices may be running at a relatively high level in a sustained and stable manner.
The oil oil and gas and new energy plates may continue to perform in a stable and good manner. 2.4. New energy operations are advancing at full speed, and new energy operations are accelerating. In 2022, middle oil investments in new energy sources were $7.67 billion, an increase of 252 per cent over the previous year.
The development of priority projects has accelerated, and production of clean alternatives and clean external energy markets has proved to be effective. Active access to clean electricity grid-connectivity indicators, intensive development of wind, photovoltaic, geothermal, and carbon capture, utilization and sequestration operations (“ccus”), the first wind storage integrated development project - the small distribution power supply of the Luso-Living Federation in the Daeqing field
The cluster application demonstration phase of grid-connected electricity generation, with a cumulative build-up of wind-fire installed power plants of over 1.4 million kW, a cumulative heat-heating area of 25 million m2 and a new energy development capacity of 8 million tons of coal/year.The company aims to achieve a 7 per cent share of new energy production by 2025 and to achieve a single energy production by 2035
External fossil energy sources for green zero-carbon energy that exceed their own consumption are largely replaced by strategies for heating, electricity, hydrogen-to-oil operations, with “nearly zero” emissions by 2050, with new energy operations producing half a wall of water.
3. Refinement and new materials: Policy tightening and industry improvement, section performance is expected to improve 3.1. Rendering approvals for refining projects has become more stringent, and China ' s oil stocks have become more dominant. Since September 2021, the Central China Republic and the State Council have issued a report on the complete and accurate implementation of new development concepts.
Views on carbon neutrality and work in good carbon peaks, State Department Circular on the publication of the action programme on carbon peaks by 2030 (NDC No. [2021] 23), National Development Reform Commission (NDRC) publication of some ideas on stringent energy efficiency constraints to promote energy conservation in priority areas, and Heavy energy efficiency constraints in priority petrochemical industries to promote action programmes on energy conservation to reduce carbon emissions (2021 - 2021]
By 2025, it was noted in a process capacity control conference in the country that new renewable energy and feedstock use were not included in total energy consumption. We believe that, in an environment of supply-side constraints, subsequent significant additional refining capacity is limited.
In 2023 and later, only less than 100 million tonnes/year of large refining could be built or planned. China’s oil-flagged project of 11 million tonnes/year of China’s Guangdong tons/year and urban sea-refining project is expected to be completed by 2023.
During the 1450s, China will continue to promote the “reducing oil” of oil refineries, with a lower rate of harvest of oil from new refining projects. The 14th Five-Year Petroleum Industry Plan focuses on phasing out small-scale production, integrating oil refining indicators, building longer-processed, more productively diversified refining integration projects, and increasing the efficiency of our petrochemical production.
With the development of national policies and the fine-tuning and differentiated value of downstream chemicals that are constantly being discovered in the course of their operation, in the context of a two-carbon environment, the downstream chemical materials are being extended and refined along the small oil head path.
From the point of view of China’s “reducing-up” policy orientation and the rate of harvest of oil products from large-scale refining projects, although China’s refining capacity has increased in the coming years, the rate of harvest of finished oil is low and its contribution to the supply of finished oil is limited.
Medium oil refining plates may benefit in particular from a contraction in the supply of finished oils that are about to come. Currently, the company still has a large number of priority refining projects under way and the refining plates will remain open in the future.
The company ' s refining capacity is the second highest in the country. China ' s oil continues to raise the level of smooth operation of the refineries, with a 99.7% annual rate of steady movement of the units, and by the end of 2021, the company had eight large refining integration enterprises, with a gross refining ratio of 1,000 of which is related to the negative price of crude oil. In 2022, the Russian-Ukrainian conflict triggered high international crude oil prices.
The rise in the price of crude oil has led to an increase in the cost of purchasing refined oil raw materials, which in turn has led to a decline in the price ratio of refined oil by 1.8 pct to a rise in the demand for travel, with the expectation that the performance of the company ' s finished oil plates will improve.
In 2021-2022, the company significantly increased capital spending on the refining and new materials plate and promoted priority projects, and in February 2023, Guangdong petrochemicals fully integrated 20 million tons/year of refined materials.
Figure 53: Refining tank capital expenditure (millions of yuan) 2010-2022 Refining oil structure is adjusted on demand, and the oil abatement process is under way. The company ' s refined oil products consist mainly of gasoline, diesel and kerosene. The company ' s oil harvest rate increased overall in 2010-2019, and the company ' s transformation continued after 2020.
In addition, the company will promote the optimal allocation of regional resources, the optimal use of unique crude oil resources and refinery installations, the optimization of production routes and product programmes, and the expansion of niche products such as low-sulphur tanker fuel oil, paraffins, lubricant oil, asphalt, etc.
The company's chemical panels consist of five main categories of products: ethylene, synthetic resins, synthetic fibre raw materials and polymers, synthetic rubber, urea. The company insists on “reduced oils” and continuously optimizes the product structure. The Japan Institute for New Materials has been set up to step up research and development of new chemical materials and to work to upgrade high-end specialized materials and high-value-added products.
The production of new materials has increased significantly. Over the past five years, the production of corporate chemical products has increased steadily, with a total of 2,373,000 tons in 2022, an increase of 6.8 per cent over the previous year.
3.3.1. The price of crude oil is stablely high and the price differential is expected to reach its highest in the near future. In January 2016, the Commission issued the Oil Price Management Scheme, article VI of which more clearly regulates the pricing of the domestic market for finished oils, namely, “when the price of crude oil on the international market is below US$ 40 (inclusive) per barrel, on the basis of the original”.
The price of oil is $40 per barrel and the normal-processed profit margin calculates the price of the finished oil. The price of the finished oil is calculated at the normal-processed-profit rate when it is above $40 per barrel and below $80 per barrel. When it is above $80 per barrel, the processing profit rate is reduced until the price of the finished oil is calculated at zero profit for processing.
In the interests of consumers, maintaining the principle of a smooth functioning of the national economy, adopting appropriate fiscal policies to guarantee the production and supply of finished oils, the prices of gas and diesel are in principle not mentioned or omitted.” Figure 57: A map showing the relationship between the highest price of domestic finished oils and the adjustment of international oil prices
This rule can be found to be clear guidance in the actual use of international oil prices and domestic retail prices of gasoline and diesel since January 2016. When international crude oil prices are above $80 per barrel, domestic gas and diesel prices remain largely unchanged, with firms bearing reduced profits from cost changes.
At $80 per barrel, the difference between domestic gas, diesel and original oil prices reached a staged high. Figure 58: International crude oil prices and domestic gasoline prices in March 2016-2023 ($/tons, US$/barrel)
We believe that, in the absence of a major shock, oil prices are or will be sustained and relatively stable at a high level, with a hub slightly below 2022, taking into account Saudi fiscal balance oil prices, which will be at the bottom of $70-80 per barrel. Therefore, we look forward to a better performance of the refined plates in the future.
Figure 62: Brent crude oil prices in March 2016 - 2023 (US$/barrell) 3.3.2. Domestic demand for finished oil sub-heated, with profit increases in support of refining operations up to 2023q1, pmi, the highest level in recent years, with a marked trend towards economic recovery in the aftermath of the epidemic. Pmi index in February 2023
In 2023, it is hoped that the post-influenza economy will recover rapidly and that it will be on its way to a fast track that has been rare in recent years. Gasoline: good urban traffic, long-term and stable demand for petrol, fuel demand is no longer constrained by the epidemic, and demand is rapidly warming. 2022q4 gasoline consumption was blocked, and in 2023 it was fast.
Heating. With the impact of the epidemic and high upstream crude oil prices in the country in the fourth quarter of 2022, the demand for gasoline was more depressed, with the domestic production of 2,5613 million tons of gasoline in 2022q4, down from 4,0179,000 tons in 2021, but up from 35,353,000 tons in q4, in 2020.
At the beginning of 2023, the number of urban transport motor vehicles increased considerably over the same period in previous years. In February 2023, the city congestion index in Beijing was 172, representing an increase of 92.96 per cent in the same year; in Shanghai it was 146, an increase of 73.83 per cent in the same year; in Guangzhou it was 167, an increase of 96.97 per cent in the same year; and in Shenzhen it was 164, an increase of 115.29 per cent in the same year.
The remaining major urban congestion index also shows a positive growth trend compared to previous years. Diesel: capital recovery signals are clear, support diesel demand rises, and diesel production of 2022q4 rises significantly, and is growing well, compared to 2021q4.
The recovery signal after spring 2023 is clear, and the demand for fuel diesel is expected to rise rapidly. According to the 100-year construction level for the same period of the year, however, it rose rapidly, reaching 76.5 per cent for the start-up rate and 68.20 per cent for the start-up rate of the twenty-fourth month, almost identical to the same period in 2021. The start-up rate at the beginning of February was 86.1 per cent for the start-up rate and the arrival of the workforce.
The number of places reached 83.9 per cent, although the rate of resumption of work and labour availability in 2023 had not yet fully recovered to 2021, but had risen significantly from that of 2022. This augured well for a rapid rise in infrastructure demand, with figure 66: National diesel production in 2020-2022 (tonnes)
Aviation kerosene: Consumption has risen steadily, and demand is expected to increase significantly, with kerosene production rising gradually by the end of 2022. At the end of 2022, with the liberalization of anti-control policies, the production of kerosene exceeded its level in the same period in 2021, but has not yet returned to its level by 2020.
Air kerosene demand has increased as a result of the rising volume of air transport. Total domestic transport turnover has risen from 42.6 million in October 2022 to 39.775 million in January 2023. The projected demand for aviation fuel continues to improve.
On 16 May, 10,000 classes/days rose to 1970,000 shifts/days, and figure 70: China ' s aviation fuel consumption over the next 12 weeks (tonnes/figure 71: China flights over the next 12 weeks (thousand shifts/day)
Since March 2022, oil prices for overseas finished oils have expanded significantly, with price differentials continuing to rise. Since June-July 2022, the US Federal Reserve has continued to raise interest rates, and market confidence has been weak to push oil prices down.
All right, the oil price gap for finished products abroad has been somewhat reduced, but it is still in high swings. As of 31 March 2023, the average cost of diesel fuel, petrol and coal weeks in the United States was $113.86, 112.33, 114.49 per barrel, and the difference with crude oil was $35.24, 33.71, 35.87 per barrel. The average cost of diesel fuel, petrol and coal weeks in Europe was 104.68, respectively.
119.25 US$ 108.21/bbl; difference with crude oil US$ 26.07, 40.63, 29.59/bbl. Singapore diesel, petrol, sea-coal week US$ 99.69, 94.67, 94.61/bbb; difference with crude oil 21.13; figure 72: crude oil, United States diesel price and price differential (US$/bpm, US$/bpp)
Figure 73: Crude oil, United States gasoline prices and price differentials (US$/bbl, US$/fig. 76: Crude oil, European gasoline prices and price differentials (US$/bbl, US$/Western sanctions), Russian finished oil trade shifts more expensive. 3 February 2023, EU member States, EU member States
The Group of Seven (g7) and Australia have indicated that they have finalized agreements on price caps for Russian petroleum products. Of these, price caps for petro-oil products cover two price levels, a maximum price limit of $100 per barrel for Russian petroleum products (e.g. diesel fuel) and a maximum price limit for low-quality Russian products such as fuel oil, set at $45 per barrel.
In the meantime, on 5 February 2023, the European Union imposed a total ban on the import of Russian finished oil by sea. Since the second half of 2022, European buyers have been hoping to rebuild diesel storage before the February 2023 embargo on Russian finished oil.
In January 2023, Russian exports of oil to the European Union dropped by 500,000 barrels per day, Russian imports of diesel decreased by 41 per cent from 62 per cent in July 2022, and the Russian-European Union trade in diesel by 700,000 barrels per day.
Since the EU introduced a new price cap on the shipping of Russian petroleum products by sea on 5 February 2023, shipping data show that the average daily export volume of Russian marine finished oil in February 2023 was 2.13 million barrels, a decrease of 21 per cent from the recent high of about 2.7 million barrels per day in January 2023, a decrease of 24 per cent from the pre-war average and a decline since May 2022.
At the lowest level, mainly due to the failure of new buyers in Africa to absorb the Russian oil products transferred from Europe, Russia’s exports of the finished oils have declined significantly. We believe that Russia has had more difficulty in shifting the finished oil trade to Asian markets than trade in crude oil, because China has made it difficult for Russia to trade in the finished oils.
The country and India are net exporters of finished oil, making it more difficult to absorb large amounts of Russian finished oil imports. In the future, Russian oil exports will decline or will further push their domestic refining capacity to decline, leading to a contraction in the global supply of refined oil, which will drive up the price gap for finished products, represented by diesel.
The export quotas for finished oils were relaxed and boosted. The first export quotas for finished oils increased by 18,99 million tons in 2023, an increase of 46 per cent over the previous year. The export quotas for individual oil companies also increased to varying degrees compared to the same period last year. China ' s petrochemical and China ' s oil export quotas were the highest, with 741 and 5.96 million tons respectively, an increase of 71.93 per cent over the same period.
41.57%. Both together account for 70.41% of the total quota for the export of finished oils. The first quotas were set down, compared with the period of tightening export policy at the beginning of the fourteenth and fifth years, and the quotas for the export of finished oils tended to ease, boost the mindset of oil exporters, and help enterprises to ease stock pressure and improve their performance.
In 2018-2022, China’s oil-finished oil export quota remained second only to China’s petrochemicals, with 33.06%, 32.83%, 34.69%, and 31.38% respectively. Currently, the oil-finished oil price gap at the overseas level remains high at a high profit level, in line with the liberalization of the finished oil export policy.
China’s oil operations abroad are promising, and there are prospects for further release. 3.3.4. Taxes on the consumption of finished oils are gradually being standardized, and State-run competitive advantages are increasing, as oil is a scarce resource in the country and diesel fuel is expected to produce some environmental value during combustion.
As a result, we have been imposing a consumption tax on gasoline and diesel in the production chain (i.e., refineries) since 1994 in order to promote fuel conservation for final consumers (cars, trucks, etc.). To date, we have experienced four significant increases in our consumption tax on finished oils, which has increased from 0.2 to 1.52 dollars (approximately 278 tons) and diesel fuel.
Fees increased from 0.1/l (approximately 118/tonne) to $1.2/l (approximately $1411/tonne). Since the final oil consumption tax is levied at the refinery, if the refinery pays the consumption tax according to the actual production of the finished oil, the price of the finished oil is bound to be higher and is not available in the face of downstream wholesalers and final retail gas stations
Given that the product properties of finished oils are more difficult to judge (like non-oils), part of the refineries (especially local refineries) have traditionally avoided paying a tax on the consumption of finished oils by selling them under a “nominal change” (as chemical products). However, the refinery’s tax evasion is not on the one hand.
The obligation to pay taxes in good faith, on the other hand, undermines the normal functioning of the market for finished oils. Thus, the National Tax Administration issued circulars Nos. 47 of 2012 and No. 50 of 2013 defining the scope of the tax on finished oil consumption in a strict manner in order to target the activities of the refinery for the purpose of changing its name:
i. The external sale of products in liquid form at constant temperature pressure (products that look like oil) processed by taxpayers with crude oil or other raw materials is subject to a consumption tax based on the following rules:
(b) 2 or 1 in accordance with national or petrochemical industry standards and prior submission to the competent tax authorities of the relevant product quality certification issued by the above-provincial (including) quality technical supervision authorities (responsible only for the delivery of samples)
(b) Products other than 3, 1 and 2 are subject to a consumption tax based on the same cerebral oil.ii. Taxpayers produce processed products such as asphalt products with crude oil or other raw materials (like asphalt products)
Expatriate sales are taxed on consumption in accordance with the following rules: 1 National or petrochemical industry standards for asphalt products and prior submission to the competent tax authorities of relevant product quality certification issued by the above-provincial (including) quality control authorities (responsible only for the delivery of samples)
(b) A consumption tax on products other than regulation 1, which is considered to be fuel oil, owing to poor dissemination of tax information, difficulties in distinguishing between finished oils and other petrochemical products, and refining
As a result of the lack of effective regulation of the production practices of enterprises and the lack of rigorous and less active consumer tax collection by provincial governments and their tax authorities, the National Tax Administration ' s circular No. 47 of 2012 was implemented for many years, but with little effect, and the refinery, represented by the soil, is still not paying the consumption tax.
In order to further address the issue of the underpayment of taxes on the consumption of finished oils by refineries, the National Tax Administration issued communication No. 1 of 2018: as of 1 March 2018, all finished oil invoices are required to manage the finished products in the new system through value added tax (VAT) invoices.
Invoices were issued, and the words “finished oil” had to be printed at the top left corner of the invoice, which was currently not required for the general invoice for rolls of value added tax issued at the gas stations.
At the beginning of 2021, the Liaoning Provincial Revenue Authority, based on relevant information and observations and a large tax analysis, found that some enterprises in Che Jin City, Liaoning Province, had a huge case of fraudulent invoicing tickets to steal oil and excise taxes. The National Revenue Authority attached great importance to this matter and, together with Liaoning Province and the relevant authorities, would direct the Liaoning Provincial Revenue Service to the case.
An in-depth investigation was carried out. The Circular on Administrative Penalties in Tax Matters, issued the same year by the Hainan Provincial Revenue Department of the State Tax Administration (hereinafter referred to as the Hainan Revenue Authority) (Jon Tax Check No. [2021] 4), showed that Henan Merkeno Petroleum Chemical Company (hereinafter referred to as the Merkeno Oil) had been subjected to various offences by the Hainan Revenue Authority, including the theft of oil and consumption taxes.
The National Tax Administration is determined to combat illegal offences related to the tax on the consumption and consumption of oils that have been stolen from them. The relevant authorities are more active than expected, and a more regulated and equitable market for oil products is very sustainable and is conducive to the competitiveness of State-run refineries.
The “reduced asphalt” is a mixture of asphalt, which is based on natural asphalt, oil asphalt, mineral tar or mineral tar asphalt and was once a hot source of oil for local refineries in our country because: 1) our diluted asphalt heavy oil was once the most important raw material for asphalt production in our country, but was the result of a series of United States sanctions against Venezuela in 2019.
In response, Venezuelan crude oil imports were cut in cash, while dilution of asphalt was a good alternative; (3) private petrochemicals quickly consumed their crude oil import quota due to the low price of oil in 2020 and, in order to avoid a situation where there was no oil for refining, a large intake of diluted asphalt without a quota was used as a source of refining.
In June 2020, the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Agency issued the Guidance for the Implementation of Energy Safety and Security Work for 2020, which refers to the increased use of manufactured oils to combat illegal practices such as smuggling, tax evasion, etc., and to local oil refining enterprises that are qualified for crude oil import use but have committed serious tax evasion, once they are in law enforcement.
In June 2021, the country began to levy a consumption tax on imports of “light cycle oils”, “mixed aromatic hydrocarbons”, “reduced asphalt” as petrocetic oil or fuel oil. “light cycle oils”, “mixed aromatic hydrocarbons”, “reduced asphalt” usually contain more aromatic hydrocarbons or asphalt components and are generally not used for fuel purposes.
The production of fuel, which does not meet national standards, goes to illegal trading channels, jeopardizes the fairness of the market for finished oils, creates greater social security risks and causes environmental pollution.” The consumption tax-related initiatives will further streamline the oil market, ensure its quality and help to upgrade its legal operation.
Local brand recognition of private gas stations. After a consumption tax on the three finished oils, the compliant state-owned refineries and private major refineries will not increase their own tax burden, but small independent refineries will be forced to raise their own operating costs by losing low-priced refined oil raw materials as a result.
3.4. Chemicals: There is still room for import substitution, and chemical plates are expected to improve. Middle oil, the second largest ethylene producer in the country, produced about 12 per cent of its capacity in 2022.
The construction of the Guangdong petrochemical project, Gillin petrochemical project, Guangxi petroethylene project was accelerated, and work continued on the Tari ethylene II project and on the remodelling of ethylene in Langzhou. In November 2022, the China Petroleum Gilling petrochemical company's 1.2 million tons/year ethylene installation project was officially launched. In February 2023, the Guangdong petrochemical integration project was fully operational,120
Ten thousand tonnes/year ethylene device output. In March 2023, the Guangxi petrochemical conversion and upgrading project was completed as a basic design review for the first sub-prime item. Figure 85: Distribution of ethylene production in China, 2022 (%)
With the rapid growth of China’s economy, the standard of living of its people has improved considerably, and the market in ethylene in China is booming. From 2019 to date, with the concentration of private refining and integration projects, the country has entered a new cycle of expansion, with domestic ethylene production capacity of 4,911 million tons in 2021, production of 38.1 million tons, start-up rate of 91.10 per cent, and work began in almost five years.
The rate has been maintained at more than 90%. However, domestic supply is still unable to meet the demand for ethylene, with domestic consumption equivalents of 6,296 million tonnes in 2021 (net imports of lower ethylene derivatives), import dependence close to 40% in 2021, supply and demand gap of 2,479,000 tonnes/year, and there is still much room for future import substitution for ethylene.
Figure 86 ethylene production, equivalent consumption, start-up rates and import dependence in China (tonne tons, per cent)
Technologies such as enzyme (mixed ACS cracking), heavy oil-catalysed thermal fission, crude oil direct fission, ethanol dehydrate acetene, etc. have been industrialized, with ethylene feedstocks showing a tendency towards light-massification, diversification and integration. Figure 87: ethylene production process in China in 2021 (%)
China’s petrochemicals and China’s petrochemical oils have taken the lead. After China liberalized the use of crude oil imports by local oil refineries in 2015 and decentralized provincial petrochemical projects, as well as relaxed foreign access requirements, polyesters, represented by four major private refining integration projects, began to invest upstream in the industrial chain, and foreign petrochemical companies entered China’s market.
China ' s petrochemical enterprises, China ' s oil, China ' s sea oil and China ' s petrochemical groups have also expanded on a large scale during this period, and the ethylene market participation has become more diversified. In 2022, China ' s petrochemical and its joint venture had a total capacity of 13.645 million tonnes/year, with a market share of more than 30%; followed by China ' s oil, with a total capacity of 5.31 million tonnes/year, with a market share
12%; China's total production capacity for sea oil is 2.2 million tonnes/year, or 5%; China's combined production capacity for production enterprises with a capacity of 1 million tonnes/year and above is 11.2 million tonnes/year, or 25%/year; and production enterprises with a capacity of less than 1 million tonnes/year, or 3%.
China ' s petrochemicals are planned to produce 1.2 million tonnes and 2.2 million tonnes/year respectively. In 2024, there will still be a large number of ethylene projects in the country. Of these, the majority will be oil-based ethylene; new production of ethylene will face greater uncertainty and will be largely limited to the supply stability of ethylene overseas; and additional production of coal/methanol ethylene will be limited in size.
In petrochemical raw materials, the c2 and c3 industrial chains derived from ethylene, acrylic and acrylic raw materials have been developed from the general label polyolefins of traditional bulk commodities to fine-tuning, high-end new materials and fine-finished chemicals, such as polycarbonate esters, lithium diaphragms, polystyrene, eva, poe, etc., to achieve efficient digestion and value-added of bulk raw materials.
At the specific end of consumption, ethylene downstream is used mainly in polyethylene, with 64% in 2022. Other downstream products are ethylene ethylene, ethylene, styrene, polyvinyl chloride, etc., which can be used as the main raw material for some of the new downstream material products, and ethylene demand is expected to stabilize as the refining enterprise continues to drive the new downstream material production mix.
4. Sales: The oil industry has recovered in profitability, the non-oil business has accelerated growth 4.1. The sales business in general has recovered rapidly after the flat income epidemic. In 2020, most of the companies were affected by the new global crown epidemic.
As the impact of the epidemic subsided, demand for the domestic market for finished oils gradually recovered, companies stepped up their fine marketing, actively developing retail and end-users, while actively integrating domestic international markets, rationalizing the wholesale and export of finished oil, and selling it in 2021.
Business receipts quickly recovered to pre-epidemiological levels of $2.14 trillion, an increase of 45.4 per cent over the same period, in 2022, influenced by high oil prices, higher prices for the sale of oil produced by companies, and continued high growth in sales operations, amounting to $2.74 trillion, an increase of 27.96 per cent over the same period.
In recent years, the company has stepped up its efforts to optimize the allocation and flow of finished oils and to control marketing costs. In 2022, the company sold $101,468 million, an increase of 4.2 per cent in zero price differentials.
The zero price differential for diesel fuel has risen and the company’s sales of finished oil have become more profitable. Since 2022, the zero price differential for diesel fuel has been higher, domestic demand for diesel has been stronger, diesel prices have been rising faster than the gas oil, and the zero price differential for diesel fuel has peaked in June 2022, followed by a small rebound.
As the weather warms, people travel more, and industries such as construction infrastructure for outdoor engineering continue to work, and the zero-price spread of diesel fuel is expected to increase steadily, and the profitability of oil sales will be assured. The demand for oil produced after the epidemic is expected to warm, and the total amount of oil sold for the finished product will still have the potential to rise in recent years.
The intensity of the competition and the impact of the epidemic, the contraction of demand in the market for finished oils, and some impediments to the sale of finished oil by companies, with a total sales volume of 151 million tons in 2022, a decrease of 7.75 per cent in comparison with the previous year, with a certain decline in sales of petrol, diesel and kerosene. At the beginning of 2023, the epidemic subsided, economic recovery, domestic mobility and infrastructure gradually warming, and finished products.
22586, the second largest in the country, after China ' s petrochemicals. After 2020, as a result of the outbreak, the amount of gas supplied by the company ' s single station has been on a downward trend, falling to 8.05 tons per day in 2021, a year-on-year decline in self-employment, which is difficult for the private sector and for foreign companies because of the financial barriers to the construction of new self-employment stations and the high cost of time.
In a short period of time, with the same number of self-employed gas stations that can exert full influence, China’s oil and gas stations will have a long-term advantage in size. As Chinese oil-flagged non-oil business brands, Kunlén’s convenience stores began to develop on a large scale in 2007.
The country ' s oil non-oil operations have accelerated marketization and specialization, using gas stations as a platform to do a great deal of handy shop business, to do a lot of steam-coating and collection, own-goods business, to speed up the promotion of gas station fast foods, fresh foods, and to explore cross-border operations such as advertising, finance, insurance, exclusive sales, car-aiding products, civilian services, etc., through integration, sharing and cross-border operations.
A “one-stop shop” for consumers has been created to build a “one-stop” ecosystem. At present, Kuala Lumpur’s convenience stores are located in 31 provinces and municipalities across the country, with a total of more than 20,000 places, and daily service stations, with tens of millions of customers, have become an important window for displaying China’s oil-good image.
Figure 97: The brand of the Cullen hospitality store under the China-oil flag. Figure 98: The top 10 national convenience store firms in 2021 actively deployed new energy sites, insisting on the integration of oil and gas with new energy sources.
On 7 February 2021, the company ' s joint venture built a hydrogen-filling station in the Prince City service area.
In use, the company supplied 50 hydrogen-energy buses in the Dontowungresai district with a “first gun” for China's oil and hydrogen-added operations. At the same time, the company insisted on the integration of oil and gas with new energy sources and firmly promoted new energy operations such as wind, geothermal, carbon capture, profit and storage (ccus).
Figure 99: The company's first hydrogen plant - the Prince City service area - 5. Natural gas sales: policy dynamics + international gas prices decline and plate performance is expected to improve 5.1.
In 2022, the company sold 26,280 million natural gas, the total domestic demand for natural gas was 3,786,944 million, and the company sold 70.35 per cent of the country ' s total demand. Outsourcing and self-production accounted for about 50 per cent of the natural gas sold by the company.
Figure 101: Companies ' sales of natural gas and their share of total domestic demand (Billions of US$ 100: Companies ' sales of natural gas (Billions, %) show oil and gas reserves ranked first in the country, contributing more than 60% of the country ' s natural gas production.
In 2022, the company discovered 73,453 billion cubic feet (of 20,79.9 billion square feet), in which it discovered that reserves had been exploited, discovered unexploited stocks had accounted for 57 per cent, 43 per cent, and had a significant potential for exploitation.
The largest contributor to domestic natural gas production, which accounted for 61 per cent of domestic gas production in 2022, is far higher than the rest of the natural gas industry. The oil industry, with its unshakeable leader in the gas sector, is the leader in ensuring the country’s natural gas energy security.
Oil and gas structures are optimized, and natural gas accounts for nearly 50% of the energy structure of the company. Companies continue to promote the exploration and development of conventional natural gas for gas, as well as non-conventional natural gas such as gas, shale gas, gas, coal, etc., by introducing foreign natural gas resources through multiple channels and building a diversified energy supply system. In 2021, for the first time, the production of low-carbon natural gas from companies exceeded the production of heavy carbon oil resources.
Production is a landmark oil and gas structural transformation. The company will continue to implement a “stable oil and gas” strategy to promote rapid growth in natural gas production, with the target of 2025e gas production as a proportion of domestic oil and gas production rising to 55%, with a transition from oil and gas suppliers to integrated energy companies.
Our imported gas is divided mainly into ng and pipeline gas. Due to the limitations of pipeline gas imports, the construction cycle of the transnational pipeline is long and more susceptible to geopolitical problems. In turn, ng imports are channelled through ng receiving stations, entering the country, shrinking the volume of gaseous gas liquefied and transporting it flexibly.
In 2022, we imported 15,1.9 billion natural gas, a reduction of nearly 10% compared to the previous year, of which lang imported mainly from Turkmenistan, accounting for 56%. Moreover, Russia is also a country where the price of international gas for major natural gas imports is highly correlated with the price of crude oil, which is particularly volatile in ng, and the price of pipeline gas is relatively stable.
Since the beginning of 2023, the price of crude oil, which has continued to tremor around $80 per barrel since the beginning of the year, has declined significantly over the previous year, with a downward effect on the price of the gas: a downward trend in international gas prices and a fall in the import price of ng and pipeline gas.
The cost of gas is expected to decrease in 2022 and the performance of the plate is expected to improve. Figure 109: Imports from ng, Japan, jcc, Brent prices, 2010-2022 (US$/bp, US$/t)
Natural gas price reform has progressed steadily, and upstream and downstream prices are expected to be linked. Our current gas pricing machine is base-gate price management.
The price of the gas base station is regulated by the government; the price of the offshore gas, shale gas, ng, direct to the user, imported gas in 2015, etc., is formed by the market. At present, the price of the domestic gas upper gate station is more than 50% marketable and volatile, but downstream prices are not easily channeled.
5.2. The company’s pipeline assets are incorporated into the national pipeline network, and the pipeline assets are injected into the national network group. On 23 July 2020, China’s oil announcement proposed to transfer the main oil holdings.
As of 2400 hours on 31 March 2021, 60% of the stock held by the Klon energy pipeline in Beijing and 75% of the stock held by Dalian lng were transferred to the national network.
As a result of the re-engineering of the pipeline, the company ' s natural gas pipeline was 17,000 km long (as of the end of 2021) and had three eng reception stations (as of October 2022), namely, Jiangsu, the East lang reception station, the Hebei Quixiang reception station and the Central Oil Deep South lang reception station.
As of October 2022, the company ' s lng receiving station had a total design capacity of 16.7 million tons per year, representing 15 per cent of the design capacity of the national receiving station and 2.4 million cubic metres of storage capacity, representing 17 per cent of the national storage capacity.
By the end of September 2021, the national pipeline was operating 49,000 kilometres (km) of gas pipelines, representing about 62% of the national backbone network, with five underground reservoirs; the ng receiving station, with 7 lang receiving stations, with 21 storage tanks.
With the gradual deployment of new pipelines, national network groups have good growth potential and are expected to have a positive financial impact on companies and support core business development. 5.3. International gas prices go down, or Europe opens gas reservoirs as soon as possible.
Natural gas is currently a relatively stable clean energy source on a global scale, with less carbon dioxide emission intensity than oil and coal, and can also play an important role in addressing the intermittent and unstable nature of wind power, photovoltaic power. The current supply of natural gas is divided mainly into pipeline gas and liquefied natural gas (lng).
The major natural gas producers are the United States, Russia, Iran, China, and Qatar. Europe and the Asia-Pacific region are the main importers, and Australia, Qatar, the United States, Russia, and Russia are the main importers, given the domestic demand for gas.
During the year, Europe imported about 155 billion cubic metres of gas from Russia, of which about 140 billion cubic metres were piped gas, and about 15 billion cubic metres were delivered in the form of lng. Overall, total gas imports from Russia accounted for only about 20% of the gas imports from Europe during the month, a decline due mainly to the Russian conflict leading to Russia’s departure.
The main European pipeline for the transport of gas from Russia is North Creek, Ukraine Pipeline, Turkey, etc., of which the North Creek Pipeline is the most heavily transported, single tubes.
In the wake of the Russian-Ukrainian war, the Russian side announced that North Creek No. 1 gas pipeline would be shut down indefinitely because of a breakdown, which led to a significant reduction in Russian gas exports to Europe. To compensate for the decline in Russian-Ross exports, Europe increased its procurement efforts.
Repowereu Energy Independence Project: Renewable Energy Alternative Natural Gas. To accelerate the exit from Russia's fossil fuel dependence, the European Commission officially released the “repowereu” energy transformation action programme in May 2022, which plans to invest 300 billion euros by 2030, by accelerating the deployment of renewable energy capacity and diversifying energy supplies.
In early 2023, the average temperature in the European region was higher than expected, with lower demand for January-March heating, lower levels of industrial gas use and control over the population's use of gas.
After the warm season, Europe’s natural gas reserves will reach cereal values. As Europe’s import structure has changed, it will be able to achieve a longer cycle of gas storage through imports of lang.
Early this year, the reserve began.
In 2013, the Plenary of the Eighteenth Session decided to move forward with reforms in state-owned enterprises and mixed ownership. This provided direction for reforms in State-owned asset management systems, modern enterprise systems and corporate corporate governance structures, which will be the tenth year in 2023.
In 2014, the National Investment Commission launched the “four reforms” at the level of the Inter-American Group of Enterprises. The restructuring of the State-owned Capital Investment Corporation was piloted by the National Development Investment Corporation (INDI) and the China Food and Agriculture Group Ltd.: the development of a mixed ownership economy was piloted in China Pharmaceuticals Group, China Building Materials Group, Inc.; and in the emerging inter-China Group Ltd., China Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Agency, Inc.
DG, China Pharmaceuticals Group General and China Construction Materials Group run a pilot exercise of the board ' s competence in senior management selection, performance appraisal and remuneration management; two to three central enterprises run by the National Finance Committee are selected to pilot a disciplinary team. In 2015, China ' s Central Government and State Council Guidelines for Deepening the Reform of State-owned Enterprises were developed.
Ten reforms were implemented in 2016. Particularly in the areas of electricity, oil, gas, railways, civil aviation, telecommunications, and military-industrial sectors, there is a relative concentration of state-owned capital.
In 2018, Operation Two Hundred was launched. Four subsidiaries of the China Petroleum and Gas Group Ltd., China Stone Oil and Gas Company Ltd., Tokuhar Oil Field Company, China Petroleum Group Minhai Oil and Equipment Manufacturing Company Ltd., Kunlon Energy Company Ltd., and China Oil and Gas Company Ltd. Lubricating Oil Company, China, entered the Bicentennial List.
During the year, 70% of the objectives of the three-year reform of State enterprises were successfully accomplished. In 2022, three-year operations were successfully closed.
The Guidance for the Advancement of the Modernization of Corporate Governance Systems and Governance Capacities establishes the “Four Persistence” Employability Strategies and the “Course” Guidelines for the Management of Enterprises, specifying the specific tasks of structure, organization, operation, system, supervision, party building of the “six systems”, continuing to deepen institutional reform, and fully developing the top-level design of corporate governance.
On 3 March 2023, the State Finance Committee of the State Council convened a meeting to mobilize State-owned enterprises to launch a world-class business value-creation campaign.
The petrochemical industry is one of the pillars of the national economy, with a large economy, a long product chain and a large end product, and its development closely linked to the national economy, with 35 of its central enterprises, accounting for about 9 per cent; 261 private enterprises, accounting for about 67 per cent.
In terms of the market value contribution, the company contributed about 41% more than the private sector. We can see that the petrochemical company has a small and large size and is the backbone of the petrochemical industry. As of March 30, 2023, the valuation of the petroleum and petrochemical pb remains below 1, 0.76 and 0.82, respectively.
Smaller than other petrochemical companies with higher market values. As the market noticed that the value of the company was being underestimated, China and China experienced a wave of rises in mid-March, with pb values of 22,92% and 34.45%, respectively, at the historical point of relative division, compared to private enterprises such as Bo Fong, Guangxing and others.
Central oil and China petrochemicals still have value-repair space for the partition points. / (The highest inter-district pb-the lowest intra-district pb; Chinese sea oils were calculated from 21 April 2022 and sea oil development from 26 June 2019.)