China Oil (601857.sh) Global energy giants, watch for hydrocarbon elasticity, petrochemicals, refining and trading.
China ' s oil industry is dominated by oil and gas producers and sellers in China, one of China ' s largest sales earnings and one of the largest oil companies in the world. Companies cover the entire industrial chain of the petrochemical industry, and therefore do more upstream operations.
The company's history has been characterized by excellent dividends in 2022 The exploration and development panel: oil prices are maintained in higher areas and upstream profits are expected to remain high. The company's profit from exploration and exploitation plate depends mainly on barrel oil costs and oil prices, and exploration and development under high oil prices in 2022
At the higher end of the spectrum, the actual barrel oil costs are expected to decrease as the company increases its production in storage and the development of new oilfields continues. Overall, the company’s exploration and development plate is expected to maintain a more refined plate in the future: a significant increase in refining profits and chemical pressure.
The trend towards steady growth has been that, under the middle-price zone, companies have made relatively better profits, and profits have risen significantly, now reaching their highest level in almost five years. In the future, the company’s high profits are expected to continue under the global mismatch between supply and demand.
Sales plate: The sale of finished oils is expected to return to warm and the non-oil business is growing steadily. In 2023, with the outbreak repaired, the sales of finished oils will increase as domestic mobility needs recover, and since this year, the price differential for finished oils has recovered and is expected to remain within reasonable areas throughout the year.
In 2022, income and profits grew faster, and it is expected that in the future they will lead to some improvement in the performance of the sales plate. Natural gas plate: elasticity gradually emerges in the wake of economic recovery.
The company’s natural gas sales are expected to continue to rise in the future as domestic gas demand continues to grow. We expect a tight balance between future gas supply and demand, with every profit forecast and valuation: looking at the company’s oil and gas elasticity, and predicting a net profit for the company from 2023-2025.
China Oil: the world’s top energy giant, the leader of the hydrocarbon industry.
China Oil was established on 5 November 1999 on the sole initiative of China Petroleum and Gas Group Limited, in accordance with the Companies Act and the Special Regulations of the State Council on the Collection and Listing of Stock and Stock Abroad of China Company Limited, the largest production and distribution of hydrocarbons dominated by China’s hydrocarbon industry.
Vendors, one of China's largest sales-earning companies, and one of the world's largest oil companies. Companies anchored their strategic goal of building a world-class international energy company, focusing on high-quality development, and vigorously pursued a new, resource-based, market-based, internationalized, green low-carbon strategy to accelerate the creation of new advantages for green development and to realize the link.
China’s oil forces are actively contributed to the United Nations sustainable development goals for 2030. The company’s main operations include exploration, exploitation, transmission, production and marketing of crude oil and natural gas, and new energy industries: refining of crude oil and petroleum products, production and marketing of basic and derivative chemical products, and other chemical products
(b) New material operations; sales of refined and non-oil products and trade operations; transportation and sale of natural gas. Billions of tons, of which about 63 per cent of crude oil is produced on its own; approximately 32 million tons of chemical products produced, mainly ethylene, synthetic resin, etc.; and 151 million tons of finished oil sold, 70 per cent of which is sold on its own and the remaining finished oils purchased on its own;
Forty-two per cent of the endpoints for the sale of finished oil were retailed through their own gas stations, the rest through direct sales and distribution and overseas, and figure 2: China ' s oil operations in 2022, with the highest upstream contribution and high oil price elasticity
In terms of performance, China ' s oil performance is more resilient than China ' s petrochemicals, mainly because of the larger size of China ' s upstream oil assets, while China ' s petrochemicals are more focused on the refining and marketing chain in the lower and middle run, so that China ' s oil performance is better under high oil prices, and China ' s petrochemical performance under low and medium oil prices is better under 2022.
As a result of higher oil prices, China ' s oil performance has increased significantly, with companies achieving a 24 per cent increase in business earnings and a 62 per cent increase in net return earnings. In the first quarter of 2023, companies achieved a decline of $73.2 billion, or 6.02 per cent, and a net return of $43.6 billion, an increase of 12.17 per cent.
The overall profit level of the company will remain at a high level.
Figure 7: China ' s fossilized Māori structure Figure 8: China ' s oil Māori income structure
Corporate cash flows have continued to grow, reflecting good business outcomes. Since the company was listed, net operating cash flows as a whole have shown an upward trend of shock, and even during low oil prices in 2015-2016 and 2020, the company has maintained a very strong cash flow level that is sufficient to demonstrate the company ' s ability to operate well.
Capital spending is focused on upstream oil and gas plates. The company’s historical capital spending is mainly directly related to oil prices, consistent with the development patterns of petrochemical enterprises, but since 2020, the company’s capital expenditure has been relatively prudent and basic.
At 250 billion, about 80% of them are still concentrated on the upstream plate, with shareholder returns being valued, and dividends rising. Companies value shareholder returns, with historically excellent scores. Exploration and development: oil prices are maintained in higher areas, upstream operating profits.
The company’s profit from exploration and development plate depends largely on the cost of barrel oil and oil prices. Because of the company’s relatively high cost of barrel oil, the company’s ability to profit from the upstream plate under medium and low oil prices has been relatively weak in recent years, with the exploration plate rising significantly in 2022, and the company’s upstream profitability will be flexible as oil prices stabilize in the higher zone.
Moreover, China’s upstream oil profitability is stronger than China’s petrochemicals, owing to its high natural gas production. Oil prices: Future Brent oil prices are expected to remain at a higher range of $80-90 per barrel.
Sanctions will continue to affect the OEC initiative, with insufficient capital spending on shale oil increasing only to a limited extent; demand at the end of the spectrum will continue to grow modestly as the global economy recovers and the overall supply and demand balance will remain tight. With the prospect of a slowdown in the US Federal Reserve, oil prices are expected to remain high.
Cost: The cost of barrel oil consists mainly of depreciation amortization (dd&a), resource taxes, special proceeds, exploration fees, operating costs, etc., of which dd&a is related to the reversal of the economic reserves, i.e. the higher the economic reserves, the lower the dd&a, the lower the fuel costs of barrel oil. So, with the company’s growing reserves, and the larger the new oil fields,
Power development, real barrel oil costs are expected to decrease. Oil prices are expected to stay in the higher range. Supply end: supply end growth in 2023 is insufficient
From the point of view of global upstream capital spending on energy, while there has been a marked increase in global spending on hydrocarbon capital, the real response is an increase in the cost of global hydrocarbon projects, based on an iia estimate. The new hydrocarbon project development is on a downward trend from 2015 to 2020, and only a small rebound from 2020 onwards. Capital spending is largely concentrated.
In the case of already developed projects, this has led to a rise in the cost of traditional hydrocarbon projects over time. Thus, we believe that, even if future spending on hydrocarbon capital continues to grow, the actual impact of investment will decline as a result of higher investment costs in oil fields.
The OPC+ meeting on 4 December decided to maintain the policy of reducing production by 2 million barrels per day (1.27 million barrels per day for OEC and 730,000 barrels per day for other countries) in response to claims of high oil prices.
(onomm) A bimonthly meeting of the OPEC+ Joint Ministerial Oversight Committee (Jmmc) to ensure greater stability in the production reduction policy. According to the results of the current implementation, the main reduction in crude oil production in Oec was in March 2023 compared to August 2022 in the producing countries.
At the beginning of April, Saudi and other members of the non-opec countries announced a further cut in production to the total oil volume of more than 1.6 million barrels per day. So we believe that, out of a claim for high oil prices, the cut in production is still binding, and that it can provide a good foundation for oil prices.
On 5 February 2023, an embargo was imposed on Russian marine crude oil products, capping Russian crude oil by $60 through control of maritime transport insurance. Following up on Russia’s supply of crude oil, there is still considerable uncertainty, and Russia is actively moving through trade.
By selling crude oil to the Asian region, the impact of the sanctions is expected to diminish as the pattern of global crude oil trade is reshaped, so we judge that Russia’s output will decline rapidly before it is repaired. Russia’s production of crude oil products declined by 0.36 million barrels per day to 11.21 million barrels per day in January, with crude oil among them.
Production is 9.8 million barrels per day and oil fluid production 1.4 million barrels per day. Opec projects that Russian crude oil production will decline by 0.75 million barrels per day to 10.28 million barrels per day in 2023, but Russia’s real production is uncertain due to the geopolitical repercussions of Eastern Europe.
In the case of shale oil, the current willingness of the United States to spend capital remains low and unconditioned for a significant increase in production. According to eia, US crude oil production increased slightly by 0.56 million barrels/day to 12.44 million barrels/day in 2023. Since the second half of 2021, the United States has released strategic crude oil on several occasions.
The strategic reserves of crude oil have fallen below 400 million barrels. According to Bloomberg, the United States plans to replenish strategic oil reserves to pre-conflict levels in Russia and Uganda, and Biden announces a massive release of reserves. It is expected that the United States will enter the replenishment cycle beginning in the second half, and that we are expected to replenish about 250 million barrels to boost the demand for crude oil.
Figure 21: United States annual crude oil production and forecast (millions of barrels per day) Demand at the end: the expected weak performance in 2023 and the high inflation environment abroad in 2022 triggered a competitive exchange rate between the central banks of the overseas countries represented by the Federal Reserve, so no
In October 2022, Imf predicted a 3.2% and 2.7% increase in 2022 and 2023 in global gdp, respectively, as crude oil demand is associated with a high increase in gdp, so that in 2023 crude oil demand is expected to show a weaker performance as the economy slows down.
In the current policy environment, demand for crude oil has not reached its peak, and demand will continue to grow.
Oil demand is divided into three scenarios: the current policy scenario, the climate commitment scenario, the 2050 net zero emissions scenario, under which global oil demand exceeded 2019 levels in 2023 and peaked at 103 million barrels per day in the middle of the 2030s, followed by a slight decline in oil prices from 2022 to 2050.
High levels fell to around $82 per barrel in 2030; in the climate commitment scenario, stronger policy action led to a peak in global oil demand in the mid-2020s, slightly higher than in 2019, then 93 million barrels per day in 2030 and oil prices below $65 per barrel in 2030, followed by
As of 2022, China's oil and gas dependence had reached 72%.
In August 2018, the State offered to be at a high level of security for the country’s energy sources, to increase domestic oil and gas exploration and exploitation, and to receive a positive response from the three major oil companies.
In May, the National Energy Agency presented “the requirements for further work on a seven-year programme of action to boost oil and gas exploration and exploitation in 2019 and future years.” The 2022 Government Report on the Work of Work raised energy security to a strategic level equal to that of food security and introduced new requirements for ensuring energy security and quality development in the country.
The party's 20-year report proposes to further advance the energy revolution, strengthen the energy supply and distribution system, and ensure that it is spent in the amount of RMB 1955 billion, mainly by continuing to enhance the exploration and exploitation of the scale of priority basins such as the domestic Pine States, Ordos, Bigal, Tariki, Sichuan and Bay, and increasing the non-conventional resources such as shale gas and shale oil.
Source development efforts to promote new energy projects such as clean electricity, ccus, hydrogen energy demonstration, increased concentration of operations overseas, enhanced efficiency of development, enhanced access to quality projects while developing existing projects in cooperation zones such as the Middle East, Central Asia, the Americas, Asia and the Pacific, and continued optimization of asset structures, operational structures and regional layouts.
Corporate crude oil and natural gas reserves have shown a modest growth trend in recent years, supported by oil price warming and policy support. As the economy’s exploitable reserves have been more affected by oil prices, the company’s reserves have declined somewhat during the period of oil price collapse, but in recent years they have largely been growing steadily, and in recent years they have been low, except in 2020.
Outside the oil price period, the rate of replacement for reserves was more than 100%, meaning that the company’s crude oil reserves grew faster than its production, with great potential for growth. With regard to natural gas, the relative stability of gas prices has led to the emergence of gas reserves.
In recent years, crude oil production has generally stabilized at around 900 million barrels, reaching 906 million barrels in 2022, and planning figure 31: Company natural gas production (in billions) is estimated at about 25 billion barrels of crude oil per five-dollar variation in oil prices, and the company ' s upstream Māori change is about 25 billion units per five dollars;
The cost of operating a bit of oil and gas is about US$ 0.5 per change, and the company’s upstream Māori is about 3 billion.
China ' s crude oil processing has generally shown a steady upward trend, and in recent years it has remained essentially stable at 170 million tons to the left, with a slight decline in the same year, with 175 million tons of crude oil processing planned for 2023, an increase of 6.6 per cent in the same year.
Since 2020, as the epidemic has had a greater impact on the demand for finished oils, the overall production of finished oils has declined. In 2022, the production of finished oils by companies dropped by 105 million tons, or 3.1 per cent, from the same year.
The company’s refining profits are largely negatively related to oil prices, which are relatively high in the middle-price zone. According to our price-fixing mechanism, oil prices are higher than $40 per barrel and less than $80 per barrel, and are processed normally.
The profit margin calculates the price of the finished oil above $80 per barrel and begins to deduct the processing profit until the price of the finished oil is calculated on the basis of zero profit per barrel, so that under the current oil prices, the company ' s refining plate profits are in theory very significant. Under high oil prices, in 2022, the company ' s refining business achieved operating profits of $40.6 billion, a decline of 18.4 per cent in the same year.
In the case of the refining operations, where profits increased by 9.1 per cent from the year to year owing to stock gains, the chemical industry realized a loss from the same year to the year, influenced by weaker demand, and the traditional refineries were expected to maintain a higher level of profits due to the mismatch between supply and demand.
With regard to the policy of limiting the supply of finished oil in the country and increasing profits from traditional refineries as a result of economic rehabilitation, by 2025, the country’s primary processing capacity was contained in 1 billion tons of oil, in accordance with the State Council’s Programme of Action to reach carbon peaks by 2030, and the utilization rate of major products increased to over 80 per cent.
In 2022, with a single processing capacity of 953 million tons of domestic crude oil, 676 million tons of crude oil, 71 per cent of capacity utilization, and nearly close to the ceiling, new refining projects need to rely on existing capacity.
At the same time, large refineries and traditional refineries have also introduced “reduce-up” measures to reduce the rate of oil harvests and increase the rate of industrial harvests in order to increase profitability. Thus, for finished oils, domestic supply will contract in the future.
In 2022, the profits of domestic oil refineries fell sharply as oil prices rose and demand was constrained by the epidemic, but as oil prices rebounded, refining profits recovered rapidly, and refining profits increased significantly as demand progressed, reaching their highest levels in almost five years.
In addition, with the tightening of taxes on the consumption of finished oils, the rise in the cost of refining taxes will support the price of finished oils and, to some extent, will benefit State-run refineries. Global refining capacity is tight, and the profits from overseas sales of finished oils are considerable.
In recent years, increasing global refining capacity has been phased out as a result of epidemics and “carbon neutralization” policies. The increase in refining capacity in 2020 and 2021 was significantly lower than in 2019, with a total of 1.8 million barrels per day in North America, Europe and Asia being phased out in 2021, leading to 30 years of global refining capacity.
For the first time, there has been a net decline. More than 1 million barrels per day of production are expected to be withdrawn in 2022, partially offset by a decrease of 1 million barrels per day in 2021 and a net increase of 540,000 barrels per day in 2022, mainly in the fourth quarter of 2022. Global refining capacity is expected to grow in 2023
1.7 million barrels per day (the Mexican project may be postponed to 2024), mainly from regions such as Africa, the Middle East, and Asia, while in developed countries or regions such as the United States, the potential for oil refining has been very limited. In 2021, the refinery’s profit margin was already on the rise, owing to relatively low decomposition prices for light products such as gasoline and paracepha oil.
In the first few months of 2022, the price differentials between diesel and kerosene also rose sharply as a result of the conflict in the Russian Federation. Given the uncertainty about the outlook for oil demand, even if we find that the price differentials for finished oil cracks are strong, this does not mean that there will be a higher investment in refining oil in the coming years.
Carbon operations, investments may be concentrated on renewable biofuels, plastic recycling, and low-carbon hydrogen. Thus, the price differentials for the cracking of the finished oil abroad may be maintained at a higher level for longer periods due to mismatches between supply and demand, and domestic firms with a quota for the export of the finished oil will benefit greatly.
Figure 40: Asia-Pacific finished oil 321 fracture price differential (US$/barrell) Figure 41: Euro-American finished oil 321 crack price differential (US$/barrell) China oil is second only to China ' s petrochemical quota for finished oil exports, accounting for almost 30 per cent of the share, 2023
In the first batch of finished oil quotas, the company received 5.96 million tons, a 42% increase from the year to year. Companies are expected to increase their profits even further in the face of higher price spreads in the overseas finished oil cracks.
Since the second quarter of 2022, Saudi Arabia has significantly increased its official prices in view of the rise in oil prices caused by the Russian-Turkish conflict, but since the fourth quarter, Saudi officials have been raising their prices in view of the weaker demand in Asia and the strong preference for low-price oils in Asia, especially in India and China, in view of Russia ' s weak demand and the increased flow of oil into the region following Western sanctions.
The rise in light/medium/heavy oil in May 2023 amounted to $2.8/2.8/1.25, compared with 2022 for freight costs, which began in the second half of 2022 and led to a historic increase in freight costs in the Middle East and the Gulf following the effects of the conflict in the Russian Federation.
When the volume of shipping fell as a result of the decline in the release of national reserves, the freight costs of Vlcc fell rapidly again. In February this year, the freight costs of Vlcc rose rapidly again, driven by import demand from China and Europe, but the freight costs have now fallen below $40,000, reducing the cost pressure for refining.
The pressure on traditional chemicals is more pronounced: corporate chemical plate products are mainly ethylene, synthetic resins, synthetic fibre monomer and polymers, synthetic rubber, etc. Corporate chemical products have increased steadily in recent years, reaching a total of 23.7 million tons of chemical products in 2022 and are expected to follow.
With the company’s new refining program in place, chemical production will continue to grow. In terms of profit performance, chemicals are more affected by their own demand and supply climates, as well as upstream oil price fluctuations, high oil prices and lower profits from corporate chemicals, and therefore are expected to cost chemicals in the coming years as oil prices remain high.
Figure 45: Production of major chemical products in China ' s petroleum industry (million tons) Figure 46: Corporate chemical units profitable (RM/tons, left) and oil prices ($/bpm, right)
In the event of a delay, but the overall supply pressure is high, we believe that the short term of the bulk chemical works may maintain lower profits. Sales plates: sales of finished oils are expected to warm back and non-oil operations are stable.
Since 2020, the sale of the company's finished oil has been constrained by the effects of the epidemic.
Millions of tons of oil, a small drop. The average annual refuelling volume of the company’s gas stations has also dropped significantly, with single stations plus in 2022, and the volume of finished oil sold will be warming as domestic demand for travel resumes. The zero price differential for the finished oils, which began at the beginning of 2022, has risen steadily, especially in the second quarter, as a result of high oil prices and the epidemic.
The decline in oil demand has led to a decline in wholesale prices, a sharp drop in zero price differentials to historical highs, followed by a fall in oil prices after three quarters, and a contraction in zero price differentials. Since this year, there has been a recovery in zero price differentials for finished oils, which are expected to sustain throughout the year.
Figure 52:0# Diesel batch zero price differential (RM/t) Figure 53: Rapid development of non-oil operations for sales of Māori (RM/t) by China ' s petrochemical and Chinese petroleum units
Quinlon's hospitality, a non-oil brand under China's oil flag, began to grow on a scale in 2007. Quinlon's hospitality was the main implementer of China's oil-friendly, pro-poor consumer support and integrated consumer support into its own commodity development.
At present, Kunlun’s hospitality sales companies are spread across 31 provinces and districts, and the number of convenience stores has grown to 20,600 since 2022. In the publication of information on the evaluation of Chinese brand values in 2022, sponsored by Xinhua, among others, China’s oil Quinlon hospitality brand is ranked second in retail.
In addition to the traditional convenience shop operations, Kunlén's hospitality on-line sales, clothing, fast foods, fertilizer farming, etc. in 2022, China's oil non-oil operations yielded the best level of efficiency in history, with non-oil sales revenue from gas stations reaching $30.590 billion, an increase of 21.6 per cent over the same period, and single-stores annual revenues of $14.85 million, an increase of 19.1 per cent over the same period.
This significant improvement is due in part to Klon’s hospitality in terms of business expansion, digital marketing, home-grown products, large customer development, and online sales. We expect that future non-oil operations will continue to grow rapidly, leading to higher corporate sales.
Gas plate: With the economic recovery, elasticity gradually emerges, natural gas sales continue to rise, profits are expected to return, and corporate natural gas production is at the forefront of the country, accounting for nearly 60% of the total.
In addition to growing growth, affected by the epidemic in 2020 and 2022, the overall decline in domestic gas demand, which led to a decline in corporate natural gas sales, corporate natural gas sales as a whole are expected to increase steadily. It is expected that corporate natural gas sales will continue to rise without rising domestic demand for natural gas.
On the profit side, the company ' s own gas is better than its overall profitability, owing to relative cost stability, relatively higher cost of imported gas, and less profitable. In 2022, against a background of high foreign gas prices, the company ' s import costs rose considerably, and demand recovered, and the supply and demand of natural gas is expected to maintain a tight balance.
Natural gas demand is expected to recover in 2023, and in 2022 it was affected by the epidemic, showing a decline of 363.8 billion, or 1.3%, which is the first negative increase in nearly 20 years. According to the International Gas Union, the country is expected to experience a recovery in 2023.
With the projected peak in 2040, at about 700 billion cubic metres, China will be the least emitter of the world's natural gas, which in recent years has focused on supporting the development of the fossil energy sector, with broad development prospects. As the seven-year plan of action for increasing reserves continues, the country's natural gas production is fast-growing.
Growth, but domestic production has slowed in recent years as a result of the epidemic. National natural gas production reached 217.8 billion in 2022, an increase of 6 per cent compared to the previous year. In the future, the country will continue to build on its domestic security of supply and promote steady growth in natural gas, with the National Energy Agency predicting that our natural gas production will reach 2,300 in 2025.
More than 100 million cubic metres, stabilized at more than 300 billion cubic metres in 2040 and beyond. Imports depend mainly on Russian gas and imports lang, our country is a major gas consumer with over 40% external dependence.
In 2022, the total volume of domestic imports reached 15,1.9 billion, of which 63.7 billion were for pipeline gas and 88.2 billion for lng. In terms of pipeline gas imports, there are three main gas pipelines: the Central Asian, the Central Asian and the Russian and Chinese lines.
The Chinese-Russian East Line, which became operational at the end of 19th, exported 15.5 billion cubic metres in 2022, and plans to reach a maximum annual gas supply of 38 billion cubic metres per year in 2025. Following that, China and Russia are still planning a 10-billion-way Far East Line, and a 50-billion-dollar China-Russian-Swice Line, which is expected to be in China.
More gas is being procured from Russia to meet the growth in domestic gas demand. In ng, domestic head-line energy companies are actively promoting the construction of the ng reception station, and import capacity is expected to grow significantly during the 1455s.
Against a background of supply-side and demand-side constraints, corporate elasticity in natural gas operations has gradually increased, as has the expansion of ng receiving stations, and imports are increasing; demand at the end of the spectrum has increased policy requirements, and will continue to grow at a compound rate of about 7% in the future. Overall, the future supply and demand of natural gas is in a tight balance.
We assume that the company’s own gas costs will remain stable, that imports will be dominated by the Association, that prices will be relatively stable, that self-generated gas won/party, and that the company’s profits from natural gas will increase by $20 billion. Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
The price of natural gas reached $80/85/90 per barrel per year, with 1.75/170.182 million tons of gas produced, respectively, as a result of market-based reforms. The price of finished oil sales followed the price of oil, but the profit margin declined as the price of oil was higher than $80; the price of chemical products sold remained high, but the pressure to operate under high oil prices was greater.
Sales operations: assuming a rapid 6% increase in demand for finished oils in 2022 as a result of the economic recovery, the sales of finished oils have since been growing at about 2%, and sales prices have also increased with oil prices, but the zero price differentials have remained relatively stable. Oil prices have been relatively stable, with lower profitability or loss of derivative instruments, and investment returns expected to return to normal patterns.
Given that the company’s main products are energy and bulk chemicals, with more cyclical properties and more volatile prices, we measure the sensitivity of the company’s performance in three different scenarios: optimism, neutrality, pessimism. Taking into account the company’s business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuations to estimate the company’s soundness.
On the basis of the above main assumptions, because of the better distribution of corporate dividends, we have used the ddm valuation method, which is more suitable for companies with a continuous profit and a more stable bonus, as there is a distortion in the cyclical stock forecast because of the high volatility of the cyclical share earnings.
An analysis of the sensitivity of absolute valuations, which are more sensitive than the cost of capital (ke) and the rate of constant growth of a company ' s general equity, is shown in the table below, which compares the selection of international energy companies similar to the company ' s business, and shows that the company ' s pb valuations are international.
The large energy giants have a large gap, mainly due to the low level of company history. In 2023, the National Investment Commission adjusted the principal appraisal indicator for enterprises from the original "two-sip 4" to "one-sifty" and changed the net profit to "roe" and the profit margin from operating income to operating cash ratio to further the high-quality development of State enterprises, so that in the future, regardless of whether or not they do so,
From the bottom line or from the bottom line, it is expected that the company’s Roe will gradually improve, leading to an improvement in the pb valuation. Because of the better and more profitable upstream fundamentals in the future, the higher-than-high-high-volume industry, the pb valuations, we believe, should involve China’s petroleum pb valuation between China’s petrochemicals and China’s sea oils, and we believe that China’s petrochemicals and China’s sea oils should be used as a way to increase the value of the pb valuation.
Step-by-step towards the international giants, and in the short term we judge that pb's valuation of 1.2-1.3 times more reasonable, corresponding to the target zone's leading position and robust growth, which for the first time covers the rating with the “buy-in.” We have adopted absolute valuation and relative valuation methods, which combine from multiple angles to arrive at a reasonable valuation of the company.
The calculation of free cash flows over the next few years, the calculation of the cost of the company ' s general equity capital (ke), the assumption of tv and the selection of parameters comparable to the company ' s valuation have been integrated into the judgement of many individuals, which has led to high annual free cash flow calculations of deviations in the valuation, leading to risk of valuation bias;
The company ' s general equity capital cost (ke) has a very significant impact on the company ' s absolute valuation, and we assume that the risk-free interest rate is 2.15 per cent and the risk premium 6 per cent in the calculation of ke, and that there may still be a risk of low estimation or take-off of these parameters, resulting in a low calculation value for ke, leading to an overvaluation of the company ' s valuation;
We assume that in the next 10 years the company tv growth rate is 1%, that the industry in which the company is located may make a significant negative change in the next 10 years, and that the company's continued growth is actually low or negative, leading to an overvaluation of the company's valuation relative to the valuation: we have selected a global energy giant, like Exxon, who is the same or similar to the company's business.
Comparing the relative valuation indicators of Mobil, Shell, Dadal, Chevron, British Petroleum, China Oil, China Sea Oil, etc., the pb calculated by the comparative firm ' s net assets in the most recent financial report was selected as a reference for the relative valuation, taking into account the company ' s promotion of Roe, which eventually gave the company a value of 12-13 times thepe for 23 years, probably not.
It is expected to overestimate the risks of performance over the next three years, with low cost estimates and overvalued Maori, leading to a high risk of oil price fluctuations over the next three years for companies with higher projected earnings: oil prices have a greater impact on petrochemicals, although we have a strong stake in oil prices.
It is reasonable to assume that, in the actual course of business, there will inevitably be certain fluctuations in oil prices, which, if volatile, may lead to changes in the decision-making of PIC operations, resulting in actual product sales being higher or lower than planned, resulting in excessive deviations from business performance and forecasts.
Risk of increased competition in the industry: due to the rapid rise of domestic firms, such as major private refining, and the speed at which new chemical materials are breaking out, companies may face the risk of increased competition in the industry in the future, leading to a gradual lowering of barriers and a consequent decline in profit levels.
Risks of promotion in new business markets: The development of non-oil operations by companies risks less than expected market diffusion, because non-oil operations tend to be more consumer-oriented, and although companies have the advantage of gas stations, they do not represent a steady increase in revenue for non-oil sectors, if there are imperfections in corporate brands, channels, product systems.
Trade protectionism and the risk of trade friction: the share of corporate business income abroad exceeded 40% in 2022, and if trade friction increases further, offshore customers may reduce orders, demand price reductions, or assume responsibilities.
The corresponding tariffs, in turn, adversely affect the company's performance, even with regard to the company's offshore assets Risks of operating abroad: the company has multiple domestic and foreign subsidiaries at a higher level and faces regulatory requirements under national laws and taxes. If future offshore subsidiaries are to be regulated under national or regional laws and taxes
Unfavourable change, coupled with a lack of managerial experience and capacity on the part of the company ' s actual controllers and management, will make corporate management coordination more difficult and lead to management risks that adversely affect the company ' s performance or the performance of individual clients, resulting in bad debts due to difficulties in recovering receivables
Short-term liquidity risks in the future if financial management is not properly regulated. Exchange rate risk: the majority of global oil transactions are in United States dollars, and overseas operations are not accounted for in the company’s performance.
A small proportion, but the company’s performance is usually expressed in the renminbi, which may have a negative impact on corporate performance remittances if the exchange rate between the renminbi and the United States dollar fluctuates significantly. Risk of technology catching up or replacing: the firm’s industry is capital-intensive, technology-intensive, in the absence of
In competition to upgrade R & D technological capabilities, firms will not be able to hold up if they do not accurately grasp the trends in technology development in their industries and fail to make decisions about the direction of technology development; or if R & D projects fail to move ahead, and new technologies are not applied to product development and upgrading in a timely manner.
Keeping products competitive and thus having a significant negative impact on the company’s operations. Risk of brain drain from key technologies: The development and management of critical skills is the main competitive advantage of the company, and there will be a lack of skills if the company does not continue to provide effective incentives in the future in terms of remuneration, treatment, etc.
The attraction of talent can lead to the loss of existing core skilled personnel, which will expose companies to the risk of leaking core technologies: after years of accumulation, firms have built up a core set of technologies that are core competitiveness and core secrets of companies.
The disclosure of relevant technology, data, drawings, confidential information in the course of a production operation, which leads to the disclosure of core technologies, will affect to some extent the ability of firms to innovate in technology development and market competitiveness, with adverse effects on their production operations and development.
The traditional energy industries in which companies are located are influenced to some extent by national policies, which may result in a risk of less than expected sales earnings/profits due to policy changes. “Carbon peaks, carbon neutrality” policies may have some constraints on companies’ long-term development if they do not.
The actual controllers hold 81% of the company’s shareholdings and have a substantial impact on the company’s major business decisions. If the actual controllers use their control position, by exercising the chart, they can use it.
Control over corporate corporate business decisions and investment plans, equity allocation policies and personnel appointments, etc., in a discretionary or other manner, may adversely affect the interests of other shareholders.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject