Glossy Glass (600660) cars with steady improvement in quality and effective cost control at the South-West Securities Institute
Events: The company published a quarterly report in 2025, which generated operating income of 9.91 billion yuan, compared to +12.2 per cent, ring ratio - 9.4 per cent; the mother ' s net profit of 2.03 billion yuan, compared to +46.3 per cent, ring ratio + 0.5 per cent; the Maori rate of 35.4 per cent, which was steadily improving the quality of the business, and cost control was effective.
A significant increase in the Maori ring ratio due mainly to the implementation of the new accounting standards in 24q4 resulting in a lower base as a result of changes in the guidelines, a significant increase in the net interest rate over the year due mainly to an increase in the exchange rate over the year, a significant decrease in the financial cost rate and an increase in the return on investments for the 25q1 period.
As car intelligence advances, more and more new functions are integrated into car glass, and higher value-added product penetration increases, leading to the growth of company ' s capital. 24 years of company ' s car glass, which is left at $229.11 per square metre, +7.5 per cent, and the smart panorama.
The share of high-value-added products, such as plating glass and steel-coated glass, continues to rise, compared to the ratio of high-value-added products, such as +5.02 pp, and the trend of motor motorization and intellectualization continues to drive market expansion. Taken together, as the share of high-value-added products of companies increases, the share of high-value-added products increases.
The industry is characterized by a highly concentrated oligopoly pattern, with companies expanding their customers through a stable supply chain and cost advantage. Based on the volume of goods delivered, the company has been operating for 24 years.
The continued expansion of production capacity is evident in the company’s comparative advantage in terms of business focus, profitability, cost control, and development of inputs, and is expected to continue to grow with a scale effect. For 24 years, the United States won $6,312 million, or 13.3 per cent, and the net profit was $627 million, or 26.9 per cent.
Net interest rate of 9.9 per cent, year-on-year +1 pp, business efficiency continues to improve. Glossy glass (600660): ratio of high value added products up, asp increasing (2025-03-21)
(b) Q1 has performed beyond expectations and will not receive, either directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.