The company's net profit grew by 37 per cent in 19 years - the Pyramid 2019 report.
April 23, 2020: 37 per cent increase, net gain on macarats of $2 billion, or 34 per cent increase on the same date.
\triangleright, according to company announcements, collected $82.5 billion in 2019, a decrease of 9.76% in the same year, a net gain of $2.2 billion for mothers, a 37% increase in the same year, and a net gain of $2 billion for mothers, a 34% increase in the same year.
By product, 27% of refined oil products and 11.22% of aromatic aromatic aromatic aromatic arithmetic have been reduced, cost advantages, size advantages, industrial chains and location advantages have increased.
Cost advantages: The company ' s project is well-positioned, funded and cost-controlled. The facility has saved about 4 billion dollars in cost compared to the domestic device of the same size, significantly reducing the unit investment cost; the Department of Public Administration has reduced interest on loans and reduced financial costs by completing a fixed increase of 4 billion yuan; the facility ' s automation level
Higher, reducing human costs; using by-product hydrogen to process fuel oil into stone-brain oil, reducing production costs; advantage of scale: companies are leading the production of all major products in the same industry, and the scale of production has expanded to the benefit of improving the operation of production installations and the stability of product quality, improving production efficiency, and reducing unit investment costs and units
The company produces large quantities of raw materials each year, and thus has greater bargaining power to purchase raw materials. The company’s px production capacity is 5.6 million tons per year, or about 22.5 per cent of its total national capacity in 2019; the company’s holdings and participation in pta’s capacity totals about 13.5 million tons, the largest in the world.
Accompaniment advantages: After many years of development and refinement, the company has a competitive advantage in the integration of crude oil - aromatic hydrocarbons (px), aromatic hydrocarbons - pta, meg - polyester - silk, thin film, bottler. Through extension of the chain, upstream and downstream, it helps to reduce the company’s main operating costs and enhances its continued profitability and resilience to risk.
The location of the company is the base of the domestic textile industry and the country's main industrial cluster for the production of fibre-optics, fabrics, and clothing. The location of the position greatly facilitates the production and sale of company fibre-optic products.
In 2019, China’s refining capacity exceeded 850 million tons/year, with capacity utilization of about 76 per cent and capacity utilization of low water levels. On November 6, 2019, the National Development and Reform Commission published the Directory of Guidance on Industrial Restructuring (2019 editions).
In the petrochemical sector, new 10 million tonnes/years or less have been added to the restricted category since 1 January 2020, and the supply and demand patterns of the petrochemical sector are expected to improve continuously as demand recovers and capacity is lost. Prices of finished oils and chemical products have fallen: the rate of energy delivery by companies has slowed.
Yang Jianxing: The Nanjing University Land Department, in conjunction with the United States Department of Chemicals, University of Rutgers, developed a PhD (Earth Detection and Information Technology, Calculating Chemical and Hydrocarbon Resources) in geochemistry. In October 2014, he joined the civil securities industry for industrial studies in the direction of petrochemicals and building materials. In 2015, the author of SkyEnds had the qualification or equivalent professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensuring that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,