Quarterly review 2024: Values rise at a rate that's been rising in recent years, insured profits are slowing down profit release, research assistant Lo Woo-Kang.
Keywords: # Performance meets expectations (ifrs17) for retroactive adjustment of comparative data relating to prior-year insurance operations and selection of non-retroactivity of prior-year comparative data relating to investment operations in accordance with the new Financial Workforce Guidelines (ifrs 9)
A 24.5% drop in the same year as ifrs17) 1q24 net return profit, and performance is as expected.  Special analysis for new guidelines: a fall in insurance service performance drags the release of profits. For a better analysis of the comparable caloric acceleration of the new standards, we compare the data with the new standard below calibre. 1024 companies achieve insurance clothing.
Income from services increased by 14.0 per cent over the same period, and the performance of insurance services decreased by 20.4 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of actual overpayment for insurance services; and the 27.2 per cent decrease in the profit on insurance that we built (detailed in the schedule calculation) over the same period was the core cause of the decline in net profits in the current period, mainly at long end interest rates.
Slowing the spread of the contract services marginal (csm); the investment spread that we have built (detailed in the schedules, structural fragmentation continues. Although 1q24 achieves a total/net investment return of the same calibre as the average increase, price rates are reduced further to lower the cost of the combined liability.
▪ New business value (nbv) has increased at the highest rate in recent years, with 26.3 per cent below the comparable calibre.
Kim deferred, optimized the design of the Basic Law and increased efficiency of the cost inputs; 3) Faster value growth guidelines for the whole year, scheduled for late July 2023, to demonstrate confidence in the quality growth of the year’s operations.
• Double-digitized and significantly improved value of insurance channels. The total number of sales personnel at the end of the period was 679,000 (6.0% of the year, 2.2% of the year), of which 622,000 were sales workers (6.0% of the year).
A pilot of a new marketing model, the Seeds Program, has been launched in provincial institutions such as Jiangsu, Guangdong, Shenzhen. 1q24’s hand-in-hand business fell by 74.9% on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the company’s initiative to adjust its silver insurance channels to pay for China’s Life (601628): 3-quarter report, 2023
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the rate of increase in value has risen in recent years, and the insured profit has dragged profits away.                            :         :                :
We maintain a profit forecast, and we expect a net profit return for 2024-26, a comparison for the same period of the previous year, choosing not to retroactively adjust the comparative data for the previous year relating to the investment business, in accordance with the new financial instrument guidelines (ifrs9).
[1] Note: Insured profits = income from insurance services - (costs of insurance services + (assessed contribution to insurance services) + provision for withdrawal of premiums); [2] Note: Investment spreads = interest income + change in fair value of investment returns + gain/loss on exchange - insurance net financial gain/loss - interest expense - credit
In the morning!i Figure 2: The number of teams at the end of the period is still declining but the rate of decline has slowed (in thousands) Figure 1:1q24
Figure 3: Corporate 1q24 value increases at a rate that has risen in recent years. Figure 4: Current company pev valuations are at a historically low level.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.