Nbv grew brightly and debt-end business resilience highlighted Events: Life in China published the first quarter of 2024 and Business in China achieved business income of 1209.70 in the first quarter of 2024 (601628.sh)
The premium increases are ahead of the industry, the harvest is growing steadily, and the net profit from the investment is very small.
We believe that the firm’s strong business base and resilience are reflected in the growth rate of the company’s premiums during the first quarter. Debt-end structure and quality improvements drive nbv’s bright performance.
\triangleright Zhang \
While maintaining its robustness at a high base, the medium- and long-term roll-out of hand-over operations contributed to an increase in nbv. 1q24 ' s new policy premium fell by 4.4 per cent to $11,244 million on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the company ' s initiative to reduce the size of the low-value hand-over product over a 10-year period.
Next, a 26.3 per cent increase in nbv in the same quarter, the highest rate of growth in recent years. Channel manpower: maintaining a steady trend in size and improving quality. As of 1q24 insurance sales, 622,000 people sold, the quality of the workforce improved significantly, while the workforce was consolidated.
With an increase in the size and proportion of those who perform well, with a monthly average annual premium per capita of +17.7 per cent, we believe that the size of the company ' s risk workforce has gradually stabilized with a steady economic recovery, with both stocks and new manpower expected to achieve a sustained increase in per capita productive capacity and lead to an improvement in the debt-end marketing structure, medium- and long-term industries.
Investment end: In the context of falling interest rates, the return on investment continues to be stressed and the scale of investment increases robustly. 1q24 simple annualized return on total investment and simple annualized net return on investment, respectively
The impact of continuing downswings and equity fluctuations, the net, the total investment return, the downward trend, the benefits of a robust growth in the size of the investment, and the overall positive return on total investment. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: corporate liabilities have shown a steady trend, accompanied by a macroeconomic recovery.
The effect of the \triangleright reforms is expected to be further demonstrated.
The former venture agent team led the business of stability, while during the transition of the team, professionalization, professionalization, etc. continued to improve the capabilities of the company, leading to an improved structure of the company ' s products, and a continuous increase in nbvm.
Look, the company has always been cautious, strictly enforcing new rules such as the “Report One” and the market has become stronger, and the combined strength is expected to continue to grow, focusing on macro-policies in the short term.
In the context of the steady decline of the portfolio, long-end interest rates and equity market performance at the end of the investment may be expected to repair and bring up the firm’s net, total investment returns and elasticity in valuation. We risk factors: macroeconomic downswings persist; the difficulty of proximate workforce growth and declining capacity leads to humans.
\triangleright Commissioner drops; capital markets are highly volatile; and the will of the population to consume continues to drop.
Figure 2: Rates of return on investments (annual) Figure 3: Number of agents (thousands) and speed of growth components are not relevant, are not relevant and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analysis or observations in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.