National Centre for Resources and Environmental Studies
Power supply and demand at the end of the pipeline has increased and power supply has increased, so as to regulate the excess supply of water during the drying up of the reservoir.
The right to develop total hydro energy resources in dry currents, with a capacity of 563,000 kilowatts in production in 1h2019, with a capacity of 22,94 million kilowatts in the company, or 42 per cent of the total installed capacity in Yunnan Province, is second only to the capacity of 45.5 million kilowatts in the Yangtze, which is the second largest hydroelectric company in the country.
Yunnan’s power-consuming power supply is increasing, and the price of the electricity trade is stabilizing: Yunnan’s revenue from electricity sales accounts for about a quarter of the company’s revenue from the hydroelectric block. Yunnan will continue to release new hydropower aluminium and silicon production capacity in the future, and demand for electricity will continue to grow at a high rate.
In 2020-2021, it is expected that 14.2 billion kilowatt-hours will be added to the Aluminium shares alone. Yunnan Province’s electricity market is highly marketed, the electricity market is becoming more well-developed, the price difference between the dead term is narrow, and the weighted average price of electricity has remained stable for almost three years.
The demand for electricity out of the Guangdong region has been difficult to reduce, and future market-based trade prices are expected to rise: Guangdong's revenues from electricity sales account for about 70% of the company's revenues from hydroelectric plates. According to current coal control trends and energy structures in Guangdong Province, the demand for electricity out of Guangdong Province will be more than 100 million kilowatt-hours through nuclear power, which will be difficult to reduce in the future.
The price of electricity is 4.0 per kilowatt hour, which is still narrow compared to 2017 and 2018, and the monthly competitive price is only 3.0 per kilowatt hour. We expect that future power supply will continue to be tight in Guangdong, with marketization the only company with multi-year capacity to regulate reservoirs on the market, with a projected dividends rate of 4.8 per cent in 2019: energy energy.
Hydropower is currently the only publicly listed water company with multi-year regulated water reservoirs. The mini-bain and thugs are multi-year-regulating tap reservoirs, which have the function of stabilizing the desolation generation in Yunnan Province, and have the effect of smoothing the water. The company is committed to distributing the profits on a cash basis every year, not less than in the same year.
Sun Chun Xu, we're not as good as expected: we're running out of receivables; we're trading electricity in Yunnan.
First, you have the power to develop the river, you have the power to balance the dragons over the years, you have the power to develop all the water resources of the river, and you have the second largest capacity in the country: the company is known as China.
Hydroelectric Co. Ltd., whose main business is the development, investment, construction, operation and management of hydroelectric projects, is mainly generated by the sale of hydroelectric power, which in 2018 accounted for 98% of the company’s operating income. The company has the full power to develop water resources in the river’s dry currents, thus making the river bigger.
The company has consolidated its second position throughout the country: in 2018, the company ' s water capacity accounted for 6.02 per cent of the country ' s hydropower capacity, and the hydroelectric capacity was 81.18 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh).
In the first half of 2019, the company built five power stations with a capacity of 22,936,000 kilowatts, or 42% of the total installed capacity in Yunnan Province, after the Yangtze electricity capacity of 45,495,000 kilowatts.
The second-largest hydroelectric company, which has regulated the tap reservoirs for many years, has balanced the water smoothing: energy power is currently the only publicly available water company with multi-year regulated reservoirs. The mini-bain and silhouette hydroelectric plants are multi-year regulated.
The power tap reservoir, which has been used to stabilize the desolate generation in Yunnan Province. In the case of the combined regulation, the decomposition of the hydro-power plant can be greater. With the help of the decomposition reservoir, the public department retained a larger head in the second half of 2018, guaranteeing the first half of the year.
Power generation in the dry season, combined with the gradual release of installed capacity from five hydroelectric plants in the first half of 2019, has led to a significant increase in operating income and net profits. Second, high energy consumption in Yunnan has led to an increase in electricity use, and the price of electricity traded has stabilized upwards.
In Yunnan province, electricity delivery is growing rapidly, and in Yunnan province, electricity consumption and evacuation from Guangdong are the main sources of electricity consumption in Yunnan province: Yunnan province is the main province of the country's “West East” power supply. From 2013 onward, electricity delivery from Yunnan province has increased rapidly, and according to the National Statistical Office, by 2018, Yunnan province will have generated electricity throughout the year.
Of these, 1679 million kWh of electricity is used in the province, and 1328 million kWh of electricity is delivered outside the province, which accounts for 44% of the electricity generated. The provincial network delivers Guangdong, Guangxi, Hengao, Guangdong and other parts of the country (Viet Nam, Lao People’s Democratic Republic, Myanmar).
The combined Guangdong component accounts for 40.5 per cent of electricity consumption in Yunnan province, while the provincial network outlet in Guangxi accounted for 4.4 per cent, while the outlying component accounted for 0.6 per cent. Thus, the main means of electricity consumption in Yunnan province are electricity consumption in the province (54 per cent), outbound in Guangdong (41 per cent), outbound in Guangxi (4 per cent) and offshore (1 per cent).
Energy power is sent mainly to Guangdong and local consumption: the company's electricity supply on the Internet is about 30 per cent larger in Yunnan, while the rest of it is sent mostly to Guangdong, which accounts for 60 per cent of electricity on the Internet, to Guangxi, which accounts for a relatively small 7 per cent and to 4 per cent abroad.
2.1 The main engine of electricity growth in Yunnan is expected to add at least 14.2 billion kilowatts of hydropower and aluminium over the next two years, with a cumulative increase of 9.1 per cent, 9.2 per cent and 6.7 per cent over the same period of 1538, 1679,822 million kilowatt hours in Yunnan province in 2017, 2018 and the first half of 2019, respectively.
During the same period, electricity consumption increased by 2.5, 0.7, and 1.7 percentage points throughout the country.
The proportion of electricity consumed by the entire society is 73.2%, 72.8%, 72.4%, and the national percentage is higher than the country’s 2-3 percentage points. In the branches, the primary sector in Yunnan Province has experienced the highest increase in electricity use in recent years, the tertiary sector has the second largest increase and the secondary sector has the second largest increase, and the secondary sector has the second largest increase.
The electricity base is particularly high, and although the secondary sector has contracted at a rate, it is still the largest contributor to the new use of electricity. In 2017, 2018 and the first half of 2019, in Yunnan, the secondary use of electricity was 87.0, 97.6 and 2.71 billion kilowatt-hours, respectively, with a corresponding contribution of 68.2 per cent, 69.0 per cent and 69.0 per cent respectively.
25.8%. Yunnan secondary sector has a certain cycle of electricity consumption, with large electricity-consuming households such as electrolytic aluminium producing at a peak in the second half of the year. Overall, the secondary sector remains the main source of new electricity use in Yunnan province.
In the first half of 2019, the first phase of the Yunnan Aluminium Tungtung Sea and the first phase of the crane Qingqing Pilgrim Project was launched. It is expected that 900,000 tons of hydroelectric aluminium, such as electrolytic aluminium, will be produced in the second half of the year, with an additional 2.5 million kilowatts of industrial load and an estimated demand for additional electricity will be about 4.3 billion kilowatt-hours in Yunnan Province.
In 2020-2021, the production capacity of 2 tons of aluminum, 2 tons of aluminum, 2 tons of titanium, 2 tons of titanium, and 500,000 tons of new hydroelectric aluminium production in the Mansan aluminum industry is expected to take about 13,000 kilowatt-hours per ton of electrolytic aluminium, according to the annual Aluminium share disclosure data.
Aluminium shares alone will add 14.2 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity over the next two years. In addition, Aluminium shares will be used in a bilateral agreement with Huachang Water and Power Company Ltd. and Yunnan Power and Water and Water Development Company Ltd. at a price not greater than 0.185 yuan per kilowatt-hour.
Aluminium shares are at a price not higher than 0.2785 yuan per kilowatt hour.
The provincial electricity use rate reached 41.8 per cent and the short-term increase in the share of market-based tradable electricity and the relatively late construction of power transmission facilities at that time resulted in excess power supply in Yunnan Province, with a severe “crowding” situation and the price of traded electricity being suppressed.
After 2016, the National Energy Agency, the National Development and Reform Commission and the Yunnan Provincial Government introduced policies to implement the issue of electricity and water consumption, with the active introduction of high-energy projects such as hydroelectric aluminium and hydro-silicon in Yunnan Province to raise local electricity demand, and the construction of a Western East transmission channel to overpower Yunnan.
By 2018, Yunnan Province will have abandoned water. Chart 16: Reduction in water disposal in Yunnan Province.
In the Kunming electricity trading centre, Internet prices are formed through participation in market-based transactions, which are mainly organized through bilateral consultations, successive listings, and autonomous listings.
▪ The Yunnan electricity trading market has seen a narrow and steady increase in volume: since 2016, Yunnan has seen a rapid increase in the market-trading power ring ratio, same-year growth, and in 2016-2018, three-year electricity market transactions of 560, 703, 85.1 billion kWh, cagr 20.1% market-based
In the second half of 2019, the Yunnan market became more mature and the price difference between Yunnan's electricity exchange increased: Yunnan's power supply was characterized by a “deepness” of “deepness”.
At the beginning of the marketed electricity trade, in 2016, the price difference was as much as 0.109/kWh (0.0958/kWh at the lowest and 0.25667/kWh at the latest) and the average price for the year was only 0.1682/kWh.
As Yunnan’s electricity market matures, the price discovery and market-regulating function of market-based trading mechanisms are being fully realized, and the price spread for the drying-up period gradually converges, narrowing to 0.1280/kWh in 2019, and the weighted average annual electricity price has remained largely stable to 0.1782/kWh.
During the second half of 2019, the water-deficit electricity market was improved and the price of tradable electricity was likely to rise: compared to the price of marketed tradable electricity in Yunnan for the past three years, the price of tradable electricity in the first half of 2019, the bottom position of the tradable electricity price zone in the last three years, and especially the fourth quarter of 2019.
In the second half of 2019, it is expected that the effects of Yunnan water dehydration will continue into 2020 and in 2020.
Weighted average electricity prices are even likely to rise. On the one hand, Yunnan Province is dependent on secondary industries to boost electricity in the long run, with an additional 2.5 million kilowatt-hours of hydropower per year and an estimated 4.3 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity demand.
Aluminium shares alone are expected to add 14.2 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity to the period 2020-2021. On the other hand, Yunnan Province’s electricity market has become highly marketed, monthly market-trading power has declined, the electricity market has become better and the price gap for the dry life has narrowed, and the weighted average electricity price has remained stable for almost three years.
3. Guangdong needs resilience, local power shortages are stable, 3.1 Guangdong energy “double control” has led to a reduction in the supply of fire power and is expected to expand the demand for electricity out of the future.
Electricity use increased by 6.2 per cent, 6.1 per cent and 3.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, respectively, by 5959, 6323 million kilowatt-hours, with the highest proportion of electricity consumption in the country as a whole.
Industry accounts for 16.5%, 16.9%, 17.3%, and 19.1% of the total population, which is significantly higher than the tertiary sector. The secondary sector still accounts for the largest share, but below the national level.
Large, the increase in electricity use in urban and rural areas has remained largely stable. In terms of additional electricity, the secondary sector continues to contribute a major part of the increase in electricity use, but the tertiary sector is contributing more and more year after year, with the increase in electricity use showing a shift from two to three.
▪ In 2019, Guangdong Province will have more than 200 billion kWh outside the province: Fire power is the absolute main power generating power in Guangdong Province, with 75% of electricity generating power in 2018. The Guangdong Province Environment Protection Agency issued a Work Programme for the Battle of Blue Sky in Guangdong Province, which proposes coal in Guangdong Province by 2020.
Total consumption is controlled at about 165 million tons. In the second half of 2018, Guangdong Province began a policy of “double control” of energy (control of total coal consumption and control of coal quality) and promoted clean energy generation, with the increase in power generation from fire and electricity shrinking and delaying the increase in power generation throughout the province.
In 2019, the province-wide energy consumption of gdp was 3.0 per cent lower than in 2018, and the total increase in energy consumption was contained at 12 million tons of standard coal.
Within the country. As a result of this policy, the cumulative increase in electricity generation in Guangdong Province continued to decline to negative levels in 2019, while electricity generation increased at a faster rate than zero in the first two years of electricity generation. The cumulative increase in electricity in Guangdong Province was sustained in January-October 2019.
6.1 per cent is close to last year ' s growth, with a cumulative increase in electricity generation being reduced to 2.7 per cent, and demand for electricity outages reaching 176.4 billion kilowatt-hours, a further 2.8 per cent increase over the same period last year. If estimated at the cumulative rate of increase in electricity generation and consumption, the demand for electricity outages in 2019 will exceed 200 billion kilowatt-hours.
Nuclear power will still be needed to fill the fire-controlled coal gap and it is expected that the demand for electricity delivery outside Guangdong will be difficult to reduce: 9.09 million kilowatts of unit 6 at Guangdong and Yangjiang nuclear power plants will be operational, and there will be a high rate of innovation in the extraction of water storage power in Guangdong Province, but nuclear power will be filled by nuclear power based on existing coal control trends and energy structures in Guangdong Province
The gap in the reduction of power supply will take time, and the future demand for electricity out of Guangdong will be difficult to reduce. We assume that the increase in power generation from fire power will be 4.0% in 2020 due to the introduction of high-heat coal, new nuclear power generation capacity will release an increase of 16.1 billion kilowatt-hours in total power generation, electricity from hydropower, wind power, photovoltaics, etc.
With an increase of 6.1%, the demand for electricity delivery outside Guangdong is expected to reach 223 billion kilowatt-hours in 2020, with the possibility of further expansion from 2019.
In January-October 2019, the cumulative increase in electricity consumption in the Guangxi Autonomous Region was reduced to 12.8 per cent. The cumulative increase in electricity production was reduced to 13.1 per cent.
In kilowatt hours, the demand for electricity outages has remained essentially the same as last year ' s 11.2 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) and is expected to remain at the same level as in 2018 for the entire year 2019. 3.2 Guangdong marketization patterns are better and future market-based trade price discounts are expected to continue to shrink.
▪ Clean electricity supply across provinces and districts, with double guaranteed electricity consumption: the circular of the National Development and Innovation Commission on issues related to the improvement of the price-setting mechanism for cross-provincial and trans-district electricity trading states that cross-provincial electricity delivery is carried out on a voluntary and equal basis by both parties to the electricity market.
In the context of the national energy strategy, the quantity and price of electricity delivered is determined in accordance with the principle of “risk sharing and benefit-sharing” or through a market-based transaction, and a corresponding price adjustment mechanism is established. The State encourages the establishment of new inter-provincial and inter-district electricity project owners and electricity prices through competitive means, such as tenders; and encourages delivery.
Both sides establish long-term, stable power trading and price adjustment mechanisms, which are defined in the form of medium- and long-term contracts. At present, under the 13th Five-Year Framework Agreement, the cost of sending electricity to Guangdong is not higher than the price of the coal-fired unit in Guangdong Province, and less the price of ultra-voltage transmission and distribution, line damage, etc.
After the provincial electricity transfer and distribution prices ... it is expected that Yunnan will send Guangdong Internet at a cost of 0.2528/kWh: Guangxi and Guangxi at a cost of 0.1423/kWh, and that Yunnan will send Guangxi at a cost of 0.1423/kWh.
Market-based transactions, price-driven, and the current off-the-shelf power supply in Yunnanxi is mainly delivered to Guangdong and involved in the monthly clearing of the Guangdong market. The amount of electricity traded in Guangdong market is based on the price of coal poles, the amount of electricity generated in Guangdong is lower, the demand for electricity delivered is greater, and the price of electricity traded in the market is lower than in previous years.
Narrow. Weighted annual discount 6.6/kWh in 2017-2018 and, in 2019, when monthly market-based tradables increased by more than 20 per cent, a weighted average discount of 4.0/kWh in the Guangdong electricity market, with year-round fluctuations in the range of 0.3/kWh and the end of the month
The price of the competitive exchange was only 3.0/kWh, the price of electricity was stable, and the power market in Guangdong Province was tight. We expect that, despite a slight easing of short-term supply in Guangdong as wind power, nuclear power, and Utunde increased in the province, the demand for electricity in Guangdong remained largely at a level of 4-5%, and the future electricity market was tight.
The price of coal, which affects the price of traded electricity, will continue to shrink. Increased delivery capacity will address the supply and demand interface of electricity: in 2018, with a two-polar drop of ~800 kV north-west (New East) flow, Yunnan's evacuation capacity will rise to 31.15 million kW.
In the South Province, eight direct circuits have been built, two communication channels have formed an “eight-to-two-way” outlet layout with a maximum capacity of 30.6 million kilowatts (kW) for the Western East.
A number of national priority projects, such as electrical engineering and the Yunkou Interconnection Road project, are expected to reach 42.15 million kilowatts in 2021, leading to a significant increase in out-of-house capacity.  On the one hand, while in 2019 there were 4.6 million kilowatts of nuclear power installed in Guangdong Province, the capacity of the nuclear power plant was put into production.
The cumulative increase in power generation from pumping capacity is high, but in line with existing coal control trends and energy structures in Guangdong Province, it will still take time to fill the gap in the reduction of power from fire power through nuclear power, and it is expected that the demand for electricity out of Guangdong will expand to 200 billion kWh in 2019, while the demand for electricity out of Guangxi will remain at 11 billion kWh in the future.
The demand for electricity out of Guangdong Province may be difficult to reduce. On the other hand, the market-based reform of the Guangdong electricity trade is well under way, with the monthly market-operated electricity increase of more than 20% in 2019, and the market-based price discounts per kilowatt-hour. We expect that, although the short-term supply of Guangdong will follow the wind, nuclear power and Utunde of the province,
The increase in supply was somewhat relaxed, but the demand for electricity in Guangdong remained largely at a level of 4 to 5 per cent, the future power supply constraints in Guangdong would continue, and the price of market-based tradable electricity would shrink and the weighted average price of electricity would be four or three years to regulate the excess discharge of reservoirs, which would take up a high-priced power advantage.
4.1 The second largest hydroelectric power provider, with long-term development potential, is located mainly in Yunnan Province, which has a large reservoir of water and energy resources and an excellent exploitation base, with a reservoir of 104 million kilowatts, the third largest reservoir of water and energy resources in the country.
In the north-west of the city, the Kansha River, the Yangtze River, and the Fury River have three main water systems; they can be built with a capacity of about 900 million kilowatts, after Sichuan, in the second place in the country. Yunnan Province has prioritized and focused the development of the Yangtze River, the Jinsha River, and the Miyagi River, and has given them priority and priority in policy, finance, technology, etc.
By 2018, 93.668 million kilowatts (kW) had been installed in Yunnan Province, of which 66.66337 kilowatts (71%) had been installed.
A total of 24.7 billion kilowatt-hours were generated by hydroelectric power, or 82 per cent of the total. In 2018, 26.8 billion kilowatt-hours were generated by hydroelectric power in Yunnan province, 22 per cent of the country, after Sichuan province.
Reconciling functions, the company ' s hydroelectric power plants are mainly watered during the high price of electricity, generating and storing electricity during the high price of electricity, and from the construction of 5.6 million kW installed capacity, with long-term growth potential: the tidal stream in the country can be divided roughly into upper Tibet, upper Yunnan, and lower-middle.
(b) The construction and preparation of four hydroelectric plants with a total capacity of 5.6 million kilowatts. Of these, the Toba water is under construction.
The power station in the upper Yunnan section has 1.4 million kW installed capacity, while the ancient water hydropower stations under construction, such as the American hydropower station and the olive dam, have 4.2 million kW installed capacity. In addition, the company has six hydroelectric stations, with a total capacity of 404,000 kW installed, which were prepared earlier.
4.2 The hydro-power ladder is important for smoothing water from the decomposition period, increasing the amount of electricity generated.  The company owns small bays and thugs that have a multi-year capacity for regulating water: the hydro-power station with a water-regulating capacity is referred to as the water-regulating reservoir.
Reconciling performance, with multi-year reconciliations, annual reconciliations (quarterly adjustments), weekly reconciliations, day adjustments, and non-reconciling.
In order to make full use of hydropower resources, a series of ladder-style reservoirs have been built from the upper to the lower part of the river. In Yunnan Province, small bays in the Lantern River basin, pyroclastic hydroelectric plants have a multi-year capacity and are being prepared, such as the American hydroelectric plants, have an annual capacity to plan for the river sector and its downstream.
Controlled water reservoirs in the river sector; the ancient water hydropower station, which is seasonally regulated, is a “drawn reservoir” in Yunnan, the upper part of the river. For example, after delivery, the Me and the ancient water hydropower station will work with existing hydropower stations to enhance the company's staircase movement capacity in the river basin and further exploit its power generation potential.
Many years of capacity to regulate reservoirs are rare in the country: throughout the country, many years of capacity to regulate reservoirs is a rare asset of good quality.
In addition to this, the Yangtze power plant, which is now not fully year-rounded, is now built.
The six-bureau system that follows Utungde and the White Crane Beach hydroelectric power station has only year-round control functions. It is only after the two estuaries have been completed that the river power plant, combined with the screen level and the two-basket tri-bureau system, has several years of regulatory performance.
The power-station-level movement control capability has a significant effect on smoothing water effects and increasing power generation: the power generation of hydropower stations after a quarter) and the reservoir-level movement-control capacity has smoothed the water abundance effect, particularly in the second quarter of 2018. The company ' s power generation increased significantly by 57 per cent in the first half of 2019.
Of these, the newly produced Utaku, Reede, Hwang Deng, Dahua Bridge, and the miniature hydroelectric power plants released 42 per cent of the additional egg production and 57 per cent of the additional contribution of the planned reservoir ladder. This was due to the company’s relatively high water availability during the second half of 2018, which allowed the reservoirs with the capacity to regulate to remain at a higher water level.
Water was released in 2019, turning it into an increase in the volume of power generated by the company. Also benefiting from a powerful ladder, the average number of hours spent on the company's hydroelectric power plant significantly exceeded the average amount of unremedied losses in the Yunnan province, such as the absence of a major investment plan or major cash expenditure.
The value of production and debt is not more than 75%, and the dividends should be distributed in cash. The profits that the company distributes each year in cash are not less than 50% of the distributed profits that were realized that year.
In the first half of 2019, the power of the river's main water resources was reduced to 563,000 kilowatts of installed capacity, with a company capacity of 22,94 million kilowatts, or 42% of the total hydropower capacity in Yunnan Province. After the Yangtze electricity capacity of 45.5 kilowatts of installed capacity, it is the second largest in the country.
On the one hand, Yunnan's power increase is driven mainly by the secondary sector, which will continue to release new hydropower aluminium and silicon capacity, and will have high demand for electricity.
In 2020-2021, it is expected that 14.2 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity will be added to the Aluminium shares alone. On the other hand, Yunnan Province’s power market is highly marketed, monthly market-trading power is declining, the electricity market is mature, the price gap between the dry term is shrinking, and the weighted average price of electricity has remained stable for nearly three years.
On the one hand, in the long run, while 4.6 million kilowatts of nuclear power installed in Guangdong Province were operational in 2019, there was a cumulative increase in the volume of power generated from pumping capacity, based on the increase in the volume of electricity generated.
With existing coal control trends and energy structures in Guangdong Province, it will take time to fill the fire power reduction gap through nuclear power, and it is expected that the demand for electricity out of Guangdong will expand to 200 billion kWh in 2019, that the demand for electricity out of Guangxi will remain at 11 billion kWh, and that future demand for electricity out of Guangdong Province will be difficult to reduce.
On the other hand, the market-based reform of the Guangdong electricity trade is well under way, with a monthly market-based increase of more than 20% in 2019, a market-based discount of 4.0%/kWh, which is still narrow compared to 2017 and 2018, and a monthly competitive trade discount of only 3.0%/kWh. We expect that despite the short-term supply of Guangdong,
The increase in wind power, nuclear power and Utunde supply in the province has been somewhat relaxed, but the demand for electricity in the Guangdong is at a level of 4 to 5 per cent, the future power supply in the Guangdong will continue to be tight, marketed and traded power — the only company with multi-year capacity to regulate reservoirs on the market — is expected to have a dividends rate of 4.8 per cent in 2019: China
Hydropower is currently the only publicly listed water company with multi-year regulated reservoirs. The mini-basin and thugs are multi-year-regulating tap reservoirs, which have the power to stabilize the dead generation in Yunnan Province, and have the effect of smoothing the water. The company is committed to distributing the profits in cash at no less than a year.
Based on the above analysis of the company’s supply and demand, we make the following core assumption:
By 2021, the newly constructed hydroelectric plant could be released gradually, while benefiting from improvements in the two-storey, eight-tier system and the upgrading of the ladder control technology, with five companies expected to generate hydroelectric power.
The utilization of hours will increase by 5 per cent: In 2019, the Yunnan trading market matured, supply and demand improved, and Yunnan marketized transactions weighted averaged 0.1782/kWh, an increase in average electricity prices compared to the 2018 average, projected at 2020.
In 2021, the weighted average trading price in Yunnan Province was maintained at 0.1782/kWh; In recent years, the discount on tradable electricity in Guangdong has been narrowed year by year, with the energy and electricity of China sending Guangdong electricity in addition to the internal fractions of the framework, the remainder of the framework being settled through monthly bidding transactions and the closing of market prices in Guangdong in 2019.
The future supply and demand pattern in Guangdong is expected to be tight and the demand for electricity delivery will be difficult to reduce, with wind and photovoltaic power growing by 10 per cent and 5 per cent, respectively, from new sources of energy, while the current water prices are maintained on the basis of the above assumptions, and we make the following projections of the company's performance:
▪ In 2018, as a result of the completion of the 23 per cent equity transfer from Kim China Company, the company earned $3.9 billion in investment earnings that were not as high as expected: the number of hours of hydropower use as a result of water from the water cycle, if the future of the river is not as long as it is expected, despite the multi-year capacity of the company's hydroelectric plants.
However, the long-term failure to meet expectations will continue to generate less than anticipated turnover of receivables due to the utilization of hours by hydroelectric plants: due to an increase in the proportion of electricity billed by the company’s main client, Yunnan Electricity Network, and the new production of 5.63 million kW installed capacity in the first half of 2019.
Most of the company’s receivables are bank notes and receivables within one year, and improvements have been made in the third quarter. If Yunnan Power Network continues to default on electricity, the share of the company’s receivables may increase.
Figure 43: Corporate accounts receivable  The Yunnan power trading market is not as good as expected: Yunnan’s electricity market is highly marketed and will have an impact on performance if future electricity supply and demand in Yunnan Province deteriorates and the company’s local prices decline.
The macroeconomic situation is not as good as expected: the company’s large amounts of electricity are being channelled to the country’s economic provinces and the electricity provinces of Guangdong. If the macroeconomic situation continues to decline, the demand for electricity in our provinces and cities, especially Guangdong, will decline without an analysis of the rates of the relevant reports in the market.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment