1 bottom corner is clear and expects profitability to be fixed on a quarterly basis
Sexual effects, increased demand by q1 for later seasons throughout the year and increased competition (by mid-March); (2) volume of sales, with 794,000 tons of industry inventory at the end of 24q1, 486 tons lower than at the end of 23q4 and 5.8 per cent lower than at the end of March, mainly as a result of the introduction of the bra part of the product in mid-March
In view of the fact that the industry and the rock are in a state of de-storage, we expect 24q1 to have a rebound in the sales rate ring; (3) in terms of profitability, 24q1 is a net non-mother gain of 168 million, taking into account the 24q1 net interest ratio.
Electronic sheeting: q1 price under pressure, re-prices since April, main cause of supply passively cleared \triangleright unit price, 24q1 industry 7628 electronic cloths at an average cost of approximately $3.38/m, corresponding to 16.6 per cent, ring ratio - 6.7 per cent,
The research assistant, Zhao Zing, is at a historically low price. 22q1-q2 so far, the electronic fabric industry has suffered a long period of large losses and weak demand, with supply leading to changes in supply and demand, and the emergence of smaller and more expensive firms in the kiln.
There were no new production cuts in 2023, at least two production stops in early 2024 (50,000 tons in Thailand and 30,000 tons in Kawabau), and about 10.2 per cent of the marginal cold-repair capacity is now expected to be followed by a catalyst from the improved start-up rate of downstream pcb plants (improved consumption of electronics, the need for analytic computing), and other unplanned stoppages.
The first round of reprices fell well, and the next round was expected to fall gradually, and the profitability of the industry was being repaired.
China's Great Stone (600176.sh) performance forecast for 2023: The price of fibres continues to be explored, and the product structure's advantages are slow, so the top firms adjust their price strategies during the review.
3. At the three-quarterly reporting point of 2023, China ' s Great Stone (600176.sh), the current price increase in the coarse was actually higher than the price increase in late March, and the real deal between the families was made public.
Remark: As the bottom of the bra industry has become more competitive and there is a small difference in the prices of electronic fabrics, subsequent price increases are expected to be determined more by intra-industry supply and demand. Subsequent potential expectations are: 1 Demand-side focus on overseas, such as South-East Asia and South Asia, where the demand climate is expected to be higher (combined materials are available).
China’s massive penetration took place in 2000-2010, and the real-estate market landscape in the United States led to an acceleration, assessment: profits were slightly higher than performance reports, the bottom of the industry was stagnating, and head companies generally adopted a production, cold-repair 1 rhythm, and the supply was more orderly.
Investment proposals: continue to recommend changes in the competitive strategy of China’s Stone 1 pole price, with a clear focus on the industry, and after the announcement of a reduction in performance: the bottom features are clear, the demand for wind power is driven, a continuation of coarse reprices is expected to fall gradually, and the supply of 2 electronics is reduced, while the supply of scarce manufacturing links in China is reduced.
Motion - 2023/07/123 Industry demand side is concerned that exports + wind power, actual supply-side shocks may be lower than expected, with 4 companies leading the zero carbon base worldwide, which is expected to constitute a new cost-leading advantage. Considering that the coarse + electronics re-price has gradually landed,
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.