Quarterly review: the end of the cycle is clear, price increases are higher than expected with a reverse increase in collage sales, a decade of new lows in ton profits due to increased competition in the fibre-optics sector in the first quarter of 2024, traditional demand is low, companies are in the middle of the season.
The prices of fibre-optic and coarse electronic fabric products have continued to decline, affecting short-term performance. 2024q1 has achieved technological innovation to reduce the use of pollen and sell it at any given time to increase profits, and 2024q1 has continued to sell it, depending on the market for precious metals, subject to the need for production operations.
Alloys, the sale price is based on a public offer from the spot market, and we expect a certain amount of proceeds from the disposal of the powder throughout the year.
The price averaged $5,466 per ton for the whole year, and based on the actual sales of the tile in 2023, it can be roughly extrapolated that the overall sales averaged $4,817 per ton, with the difference between the sum of $640-650 per ton; if this were to be used as the basis for the calculation, the 2024q1 quote would have been produced.
The average cost of the base was $4768 per ton and the actual price of the bra was expected to be approximately $4130 per ton; the expected sales of the bra were 690,000 tons per quarter, an increase of 22.00 per cent over the same period, a single ton net profit zone at 230-information, a 2024q1 electronic cloth price at $2.92 per metre (after taxes) and a company electronic distribution price was projected.
At the end of March, in view of the industry's own high-quality development and the gradual recovery of downstream demand, the company was able to achieve a balance of gains and losses.
First, different levels of re-prices were made for crude parts of products and electronic fabrics: in the bra, direct re-prices were 200-400/tonne, in the filament (co-shares) were 300-600/t (contracts signed are still being executed under the original contract); in the electronic fabric, in the case of new orders, the re-prices were set at g75.
400-600 yuan per ton, 7628 electron sheets at a compound price of 0.2-0.3 yuan per metre. The reprices are working well, and downstream reception is good. Given that q2 is the traditional season of fibre optics, we believe that the price of fibre optics has increased or remains high in terms of industry fundamentals, from 906.4 million tons in February to March.
79.40 million tons, with production-end stocks at a fast-tracking stage in April with active downstream replenishments. Additional production capacity in 2024 will be lower than expected, with the Tianjin Group setting fire at the end of March to 120,000 tons, medium-energy and 120,000 tons, and some production lines expected to be delayed until the end of the year
It's in production, and it doesn't affect production capacity throughout the year; so we expect that the pace of subsequent production will match the overall demand, and that the bottom signal of the fibre-optic industry cycle will be clear. The cost centre of the giant rock-optic ton is about $3,200, well below the industry average, while at the same time safeguarding its own profits by upgrading the product structure.
Levels, cost advantages, and product structure are expected to continue to consolidate the company’s headhold position. Given the strong effect of the firm’s product price increases, a steady recovery in collage and electronic fabric prices is expected throughout the year.
(4) The risk of increased competition in the industry, using legally compliant information and producing this report independently and objectively, the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.