In the first half of 2022, Paulie developed sales worth more than $21 billion, with industry leading, with sales contributions of 79 per cent in 38 core cities.
The firm's sales performance is expected to keep the company's future carry-over at a robust level, making it difficult to make a substantial downside, and while the company actively adjusts its investment strategy, the public sector sales structure will continue to be optimized and eventually move far away.
The volume of sales kept the industry ahead, with a steady increase in carry-over revenue
In the context of the scale of the industry’s sales and the prevailing profit margins, Paulie remains the best in the industry. In addition to opening a house, the company continuously strengthens the commercial and hotel sections.
(ii) Dynamicly adapted land-use strategies, with 38 core cities investing 90% of their resources. Paulie continuously optimized the resource structure, with 37 new projects in the first half of the year involving the construction of an area of 4.12 million square metres, with an investment of 60.7 billion yuan.
Optimizing the distribution of resources. During the period, 85 per cent and 90 per cent of investments were made in second-line cities and 38 core cities, respectively, and the resources were all located within the market ' s effective borders.
We believe that a timely adjustment of investment strategies to industry fluctuations can significantly reduce corporate error in land acquisition, guarantee land quality, and achieve faster de-eradication, guarantee profit.
Kang Xiaogang, be slow and fast, and three, the financing costs continue to go down, and the solvency is excellent.
In the first half of the year, Paulie's funds returned to 1995 billion yuan, with a return rate of 94.9 per cent, and the average financing cost of issuing bonds was 3.09 per cent, reducing the cost of integrated financing to over $21 billion in the first half of 2022, keeping the industry in the lead, with 38 core cities.
The company's sales structure will continue to be optimized as it actively adjusts its investment strategy, eventually leading the line, sales will remain ahead of the industry, and carry revenue will rise steadily.
The company's contribution to the core cities has been increasing, with a sales contribution of 79% in 38 core cities, up 2 percentage points in the same year, and the company's sales in 22 cities ranked first, and 46 cities ranked third. For sales growth, it has remained stable.
Continue to strengthen vertical networking mechanisms to push down key headquarters posts, create enabling teams across the line, and conduct market research across large areas to enhance marketing performance. At the same time, companies are actively strengthening digital marketing capabilities, reaching “clouds and +” online sales platforms, with a cumulative number of online projects of over 1,000, expanding access to clients.
The combined marketing of cross-regional, cross-practice projects is used as a base for large target groups by matching the movement of customer demand. While the scale of sales remains stable, companies achieve operating income of $11.760 billion, an increase of 23.1 per cent, a net profit of $14.92 billion, an increase of 1.6 per cent, a net profit of $10.83 billion, an increase of 5.1 per cent, and a return of $10.83 billion, an increase of 5.1 per cent.
In addition to its operations, the company has continuously strengthened its commercial and hotel sections, of which 34 are open shopping malls with an area of 2.31 million square metres and are in the process of building and preparing projects in 38 cities, including Guangzhou, Shanghai and Wuhan; 22 are open in hotels, conference centres and nearly 5700 guest rooms; 49 are open and open in apartments, covering Shanghai and Hiro.
In terms of profit margins, Paulie achieved a 25.5% gross profit in the first half of the year and a net profit margin. We believe that, against the backdrop of the scale of the industry's sales and the general decline in profit margins, Paulie maintained a better industry, with a very strong growth capacity, and that the company had continued to build up in a centralized city for the first half of the year, which would guarantee the future.
Rapid de-engineering of projects can also facilitate a return on profit margins to get through the industry’s downside. Second, dynamic adjustment strategies, with 38 core urban investments accounting for 90% of the investment, and, in the context of increased urban fragmentation, Paulie’s dynamic adjustment strategy, which shrinks investment boundaries to meet customer demand.
In the layout strategy, companies focus on deep-farming cities to optimize the distribution of resources. During the period, second-line cities and 38 core cities accounted for 85 per cent and 90 per cent of investments, an increase of 16 and 14 percentage points, respectively, and all of the resources were on the market.
At the same time, the company continuously improves the quality of the land and controls the size of the business and its own property, increasing the volume of new residential goods over the period by 94%, increasing by 8 percentage points, and optimizing the product structure. In its land acquisition strategy, Paulie strengthens web-based research in deep-cultivated cities, clarifies investment boundaries, and allocates investments rationally, taking into account the size of the company’s reserves and its performance in the region.
We believe that a timely adjustment of investment strategies to industry fluctuations can significantly reduce company errors in land acquisition, guarantee land quality, and, under the strategy of long-term deep-ploughing cities, de-drawn at a faster pace, stabilize the profitability of the project, which is fundamental for companies to be superior to other firms in the industry and ultimately to be really slow and fast.
Even though the central advantage of a strong financing capacity is that the company continues to tighten its controls on cash flows, to catch the funds back in order to maintain a reasonable reserve. In the first half of the year, Paulie achieved a return of $5.5 billion, with a return rate.
94.9%, long-term high, with monetary funds of 15.7 billion yuan, or 11% of total assets, with a strong financial reserve 3-year interim notes and 3+2-year corporate debt issued in August, with a nominal interest rate of 2.8%, the historical lowest interest rate for companies issuing products of the same kind. At the same time, interest rates on bank-based loans have also declined, with bank borrowing costs being lower than at the end of 2021.
Land reserves are areas to be developed Cash short debt ratio = monetary funds/short-term interest liabilities Portability ratio = new land investments/sales
Financial costs = loan interest expenditure / operating income = total land reserve/sale area roe = net profit *2/net asset average
Roa = net profit *2/total asset average inventory turnover = operating costs *2/average inventory turnover = operating income *2/total asset average
This report is based on publicly available information considered reliable by the GWK, which includes, but is not limited to, a wide range of channels such as corporate publicity, housing sector websites, Internet access, but which does not guarantee the complete accuracy and completeness of the information contained in it. For reasons of time and calibre, the content of this report may differ from the actual situation of the enterprise, for which the GWK is concerned, and for which the GWL is concerned.
The purpose of this report is to provide an impartial and objective response to business operations. In any event, the information or views expressed in this report do not constitute any recommendation to any institution or individual.
The information contained in this report, the tools, the opinions and the property rights of this report are in the hundreds of thousands of Han think tanks.