Improved marginal marketing, maintenance of land intensity, improved competitive patterns in the industry at Paulie (600048.sh) and business excellence
Paulie's August sales bulletin, and the company's performance in August remains strong and profitable, and the pattern of competition in the land market has improved markedly. As property easing policies continue, we believe that the industry's fundamentals will gradually return to normal. The company, as a leader in good business management, is deep.
In August 2022, the company achieved 17,931 square metres, a 42.55% reduction in the same amount; it achieved the contract.
The average monthly sales price is higher than it was in July. We believe that the market is now clearly divided, with stronger fundamentals, and that high-performance urban and regional projects, supported by better certainty, are still low.
• The company’s strength was maintained in August, and the company’s position remained strong in August, the main high-performance city, with 48 per cent of sales per month. In August, the company added 10 projects in Guangzhou, Shanghai, Nanjing, Hangzhou, etc., corresponding to a total planned capacity of 1,425,400
On the other hand, the total land exchange was $18,645 million, an increase of 136,80%, a decline of 35.20% in the ring; in high-energy cities, the restoration of downstream demand is more certain and will support the company’s future sales performance.
In August, the company increased its sales by a single month in August, and the sales by a single month showed that the average price of the company’s sales in August was higher than in July. We believe that the current market is clearly fragmented, with a high level of power supported by stronger fundamentals.
Urban and regional projects have become more definitive, while the level of de-escalation remains low. The market has remained strong in August, the company has maintained its strength in August, and the company has maintained its strength in August, when the main high-performance city of the project was the market, with 48 per cent of the value of land taken in one month versus the amount sold.
Ten new projects were added in Guangzhou, Shanghai, Nanjing, and Hangzhou in the month, corresponding to a total planned volume of 1,425.4 million yuan, an increase of 86.03 per cent, or 37.37 per cent. The company’s cumulative plan build-up in January-August will be restored to greater certainty and will support the company’s future sales performance.
Figure 8: Paulie ' s development remained at a certain intensity in August. Figure 7: Paulie ' s development has decreased the cumulative amount of land taken in January-August by 26.90 per cent on a year-on-year basis. After this round of supply-side reforms, the pattern of competition in the industry may have improved significantly, and property-base policies continue to emerge.
We believe that companies, as champions of good business management, have worked deep for years in core urban clusters and have had a greater advantage in future industrial competition. We maintain profitability, the recovery of industries is less than expected, policy easing is less than expected, and corporate sales are less than expected.