Investment rating: buying (maintenance) • Market share increases significantly and sales returns remain efficient
(a) Marketing performance is better than that of peers and the market share is higher. 2022h1 has been raised to the third place in the sales model; the market share is 3.2 per cent, an increase of 0.2 pct. (b) urban deep-farming has been significant. The 38 core cities (all of which are second-line) have contributed 79 per cent to sales.
Corporate prices increased by 2 pct in comparison with the trend of 300 in depth; 22 cities ranked first, 46 cities ranked first.c) sales returns remained efficient. 2022h1 achieved 1995 billion in cages, with a return rate.
In 37 cases, the total land value was 60.7 billion yuan, a 37.0 per cent decline in the same year, and 28.9 per cent in the sales ratio. Newly, 4.12 million square metres were added, with equity investment still at the top 10 in the industry. (b) Focus on quality earth storage, deepening urban cultivation.
Eighty-five per cent, up by 16 pct on the same scale, the company has kept its stock of goods in the 38 core cities in recent years, providing security; on the other hand, maintaining a high level of decolonization and profitability through constant focus and deepening of the core high-energy cities.
• The settlement of the Maori rate has declined as a result of the trend, with the level of available resources sold a) having declined as a result of industry trends. Corporate Maori rates were consistent during the reporting period. It was noted that net interest rates decreased by less than the Māori rate, largely as a result of company refinements
Management, period cost of 5.96 per cent (yoy-0.84 pct); (b) availability of unsold resources to secure 1. [Hao An Real Estate] Paulie Development (600048): • Continued financial soundness and declining financing costs
(a) The three red lines remain in the “green” category and the asset and liability structure is stable and healthy.
Short-term debt is 1.4 per cent and meets the “green line” requirement. The interest-bearing liabilities that fall due within one year are $76.2 billion (with a steady increase in performance, a sound financial position in the “green line” and a high degree of credit retention, and the cost of comprehensive financing has been declining steadily during the reporting period.
The average cost of financing is only 3.09 per cent; the interest rate on bank-end loans has fallen, with the average cost of new loans falling by 0.37 pct over the reporting period compared to the end of 2021. At the end of the reporting period, the cost of capital had remained on a downward trend, with an even greater advantage.
The “two-wing” operations continue to be active and contribute to the sound development of the main industrya) property operations continue to grow and expand strongly. The Pavli industry achieved $6.45 billion (+25.2 per cent of the year) in 2022h1 and 520 million square metres (+21.5 per cent of the year); b) commercial operations
At the end of the reporting period, the number of hotel accommodations had reached almost 5700 (+17.0 per cent) and the number of flats opened and projects were 49, covering the core cities of Shanghai, Guangzhou, Hangzhou and Chengdu.
Companies continue to deepen their core urban influence, focusing on high-quality land reserves, and have adequate and well-positioned land reserves. The cost advantage of financing is becoming more pronounced, thanks to the dual effects of corporate background and industry leaders.
The company takes advantage of the industry. The company uses a “volume-for-money” investment strategy, combines access to resources with profit security, the availability of unsold resources, the continued strength of the “two-wing” business, the use of legally compliant information, the independent and objective production of the present report, and the data and information used in this report are publicly available in the market, and I have done so.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.