For the first time, it's covered, with a “buy-in” rating.
The company, as a domestic coal-cane tap - a core coal-marketing platform under the Sanxi Coal Group, has developed a three-pronged “coal-cool” business model based on the coal-based industry. In the coal industry, the company produces a rich stock of coal-cooled resources and sells coal as a whole.
The merger of the Shanxi Coal Group and the Mountain Coal Group is expected to provide a strong boost to the firm’s hard power in the coal industry. On balance, look at the company’s strong growth in the coal-cooling industry.
• Coal mains: As a result of the advantages of coal coker resources, the profitable industry leads by sitting in the town’s western coal mains, and is resource-rich. The coal layers in the company’s coal fields are stable, covering a variety of high-quality coal species, such as coal and coal-rich coal resources, with 15 million tons of minerals in the main coal mines.
On the one hand, companies have a price advantage by building a product structure based on good coal quality and a high washing rate; on the other hand, to the lowest in the coal-cost industry, they benefit from easy-to-use coal-bed storage conditions and high mechanized mining rates.
Tons of coal are in the lead in the industry. #Sanga & Mountain Coal Group merges, 3-Powers improves corporate coal hard power. #Sanxi Coal Group merges with Mountain Coal Group are expected to provide a strong boost to corporate hard power in the coal main industry.
Dynamic power: Motivation one, Shanxi's shift towards the professional integration of coal resources within the province, or will expand the corporate leader's advantage; Motivation two, the group still has a significant amount of high-quality coal production that provides capital operating space for securitization and low asset equity to inject high-quality assets; Motivation three, New Energy Transformation Prospects for Mountain Coal International.
The group’s ability to integrate coal resources into companies, or more likely, in addressing competition among its peers, is expected to expand further the space available for the company’s main coal industry.
Coal is the biggest coal production base in the country, set up in Shanxi Province in April 1999 and dating back to West Mountain, which was founded in 1956.
In July 2000, the company was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. Early in the company’s early years, coal mining was the core industry, with the main product being the scarce coal-based coal-based coal varieties, such as fertilizer and coal-fired coal, and as the company continued to expand the distribution of coal-related industries, it developed a three-pronged industrial layout of “coal-corrosing-electricity.”