The company published its annual report for 2019. In 2019, the company achieved operating income of 2,803 million yuan, an increase of 21.85 per cent, a net profit of 842 million yuan, an increase of 78.24 per cent.
Research assistant: Lui Kuo-won, 21.85 per cent more than the previous year, slightly less than expected because of the sale of the subsidiary Shanghai Chin-tung, which makes its performance less balanced. By sub-product, clinical laboratory technical services have generated 1,347 million yuan.
By the end of the year, the company had 123 domestic service points covering more than 800 drug clinical laboratories nationwide.
The stock is listed in Hong Kong, a joint venture was established in November with the accerise company, and in December, the company purchased the pssynchronous club of the Bencro-led company, which continues to improve its certification through various checks. The company continues to improve and optimize quality management.
In 2019, the Department of Corporate Quality Assurance improved 116 sop based on the development of globalization and new regulations, provided system support for cooperation on globalization projects and took 15 internal and external client inspections without major problems. In 2019, the Department of Corporate Clinical Operations received 25 centres for 19 projects.
Research and development personnel are at the core of the cro enterprise, with 42 to 468 new R & D staff in 2019.
Investment proposals: The company is the leader of the pharmaceutical coro clinical research service, with a significant increase in contract volume, a sustained increase in service capacity, and a high future performance. We expect the company to have a deep 300 index of its rating system's “market index” reference for 2020/2011.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.