The year 2019 was marked by a steady increase in the performance of Wong Schwig.
In 2019, the company achieved a revenue of 2,803 million yuan, representing an increase of 21.85 per cent in the same year; a net return of 842 million yuan, representing an increase of 78.24 per cent in the same year, with a fair value change gain of 185 million yuan and an investment gain of 180 million yuan, mainly from the transfer of equity by the company; and a non-return of deductions to the parent.
The net profit was $558 million, an increase of 56.31 per cent over the same period. During the reporting period, the company ' s new contract was worth $1 billion, an increase of 36.05 per cent over the same period the previous year, and the abundance of hand orders guaranteed the company ' s future performance.
In addition, the potential special effects of the epidemic are likely to affect the company’s contract completion and performance, and the future of the epidemic will be smooth, and business will be expected to recover rapidly.
The company-assisted clinical trials in China by Si Wei have further demonstrated and strengthened the global influence of the public administration to consolidate its market position. In 2019, the overall Māori ratio was 46.48 per cent, an increase of 3.37 pct over the previous year.
The company ' s R & D investment amounted to 124 million yuan, an increase of 40.92% over the same period, which was due to an increase in revenue. During the reporting period, the company, one of the leading companies in the country ' s cro field, continued to contribute to the marketing of high-quality innovation medicines for excellence: 13 out of 13 approved in 2019.
Outlier M & As to further improve the global layout, as of the reporting period, companies had 123 domestic service points covering more than 800 medicines nationwide.
The company continues to expand its global business service capacity through strategic acquisitions and self-building. In November 2019, Teg Medicine reached an agreement with the accerise company.
The two sides will form a joint venture to conduct an international multi-centre clinical trial service in Japan. In December 2019, the company acquired 1.4 million shares of the ordinary stock of the Japanese cro lead company at a cost of $18 million, with 3.06% share.
Collaborative relationships, enabling companies to further expand Asia-Pacific regional operations, with continued improvement in the global layout. Risks of changes in industrial regulatory policies; risks of loss of skilled talent; increased risks of market competition; Calculated dynamic pe 55.0 times and 43.9 times, respectively.
In addition, as companies continue to refine their global layout, their international multi-centre business model is expected to bring to the company the potential benefits of domestic research and development of innovative medicines, which will benefit significantly from the performance of leading firms, along with the continued advancement of domestic drug policy reforms and the gradual landing of the ich guidelines.
More new orders, clear growth in performance, and we appreciate the future development of industry and companies, schedule 1 summary of gains and losses and projections (in millions of yuan)
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.