Teg medicines (300347.sz) Medical services
2020q1 meets expectations, second-quarter savings acceleration Events: company reports in the first quarter of 2020, yielding operating income of $650 million, an increase of 6.77 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $255 million, an increase of 75.22 per cent over the same period; net lost profits of $115 million, an increase over the same period
3.45 per cent; operating cash flows of $89 million, an increase of 73.82 per cent over the same period. Quick-quarter performance is on track and growth is expected to accelerate in the second quarter: the company's performance has been affected to some extent by a new coronary pneumonia epidemic in the first quarter, mainly due to reduced resources available for clinical trials and fear of new ones.
Condom infections make it more difficult to recruit patients; due to the company’s active response to the effects of the epidemic, performance in the first quarter is largely in line with the city’s expectations. For the second quarter, the company’s overseas earnings are relatively high, at 42.95%, and the spread of the overseas epidemic may have some impact on the public’s performance in the second quarter. There is a climate of purchase difficulty, loss of customers, and even cancellation of orders.
However, the research and development needs of overseas pharmaceutical companies will not disappear as a result of the epidemic, while a large number of overseas cro enterprises will stop working because of the epidemic, and external clinical needs are expected to accelerate their introduction into the country. Companies have responded to the early onset of the new crown epidemic, including online follow-up visits, mailing of medicines to households, online statistics, online data management, etc., to ensure that the epidemic continues.
As domestic pharmaceutical research and development gradually resumes, the company will be engaged in deep digging into the domestic market in the second quarter, actively opening up the country’s fast-growing new drug research and development industry and increasing domestic operations to offset the impact of the overseas epidemic. At the same time, the company’s outstanding contract at the end of 2019 was $5.01 billion.
So we think the impact of the epidemic on the company's performance is beginning to diminish, and as the patient's recruitment becomes less difficult and the pressure on medical resources diminishes, the company's performance in the second quarter is expected to take an active part in the Redshive clinical experiment, highlighting its leading position: the Tag medicine as the leader of the country's cro lab.
Zhou Xingming, head of department, has taken on a major role in two iii-phase clinical research projects on the treatment of new coronary pneumonia in Vuhan. While Red Sewy's clinical experiments have had a less impact on company performance, they have greatly strengthened the company's internal and external capabilities.
The "a+h" dual capital market operates, the key building block of globalization: internationalization is the focus of the development of pharmaceutical R & D enterprises, while listing in ports can provide a richer and more flexible financing platform for the coro enterprises that can enhance the international visibility of companies and have some advantages in mergers and acquisitions. The "a+h" dual platform can be capitalized into pharmaceutical research.
The company chooses to start the "a+h" model, with the drug Ming Condé, Kang Long, and so on, and the "a+h" model, as well as the "Tig" medicine: annual reports meet expectations, orders continue to be fast and benefit from over-expected benefits. The company’s listing process is progressing steadily, and it is expected that it will be able to complete its listing in 2020.
The company’s ability to finance and global brand power will be greatly enhanced in the future when Hong Kong’s shares are officially listed, and we are very impressed with the potential of the "a+h" dual platform as a driving force for the growth of corporate performance. The high-profile gold track at cro, where the company accelerates its entry into the first class of the world’s cro: the pharmaceutical industry is in power.
And, in the global context of the sophistication of the pharmaceutical industry, the rise in the cost of research and development in recent years, the external market for pharmaceutical research and development has become the best option for domestic and foreign pharmaceutical companies and the industry maintains a very high profile.
The size of the industry in 2013-2017 corresponds to a 24.4% growth rate and the composite growth rate in 2017-2022. The Division will focus on strengthening domestic market operations over the next five years around globalization and innovation, providing integrated solutions for global research and development and strengthening the position of the global pharmaceutical research and development chain.
At the same time, companies have accelerated the construction of their cro-services networks in the United States, Eastern Europe, Asia and the Pacific, and have set up overseas departments in 10 countries to strengthen the outreach capacity of international markets. While maintaining high growth in domestic markets, companies have accelerated the process of corporate globalization.
Companies are expected to emerge globally in their international operations, and the outlook for the cro industry and the ability of companies to grow, maintaining an "enhanced-a" rating.