On March 31, 2020, the company issued a circular on the performance of H-listed subsidiaries in 2019 in medicine, while at the same time it issued a circular on operating income, net profit, adjusted net profit of 100.42,
Fonda Medicine, as a platform for outsourcing pre-clinical services and generic pharmaceutical research and development, has an important role to play in enhancing the company’s ability to integrate services as a whole, and as a follow-up to the annual Journal of Medicines, we have been discussing with each other. Fonda Medicines has increased profits in the US.
\triangleright Analysis Fonda Holdings 2019, we found that unlike performance before 2018, in 2019, due to the influence of the company ' s own new leasing of Chinese district laboratories, the refurbishment of laboratories and the intense competition on the demand side,
The Unit has experienced a positive growth in US business compared to the 300-year-old trend, which has been slightly affected, and with Concord’s improved profitability. We believe that companies, as leading companies in regulatory bioanalytical services, have taken over Piti as a result of domestic innovation projects.
Il, China's laboratory and cmc operations will show a gradual recovery trend. On specific data, we found that the pre-tax profit ratio for US operations increased from 30% in 2018 to 49% in 2019. This was mainly a 33% increase in US business revenues from the same period, far higher than China's revenue growth rate (by 2.8%), while US regional operations increased.
With Concord’s improved profitability, the overall Māori rate rose by 1.9 percentage points to 33%.2 China’s operations are expected to lead to a gradual improvement in profits as a result of intense competition and prolonged cycle effects of the generic beryllium project, declining incomes and profits, increasing the share of the innovative drug project and stabilizing the client base.
The expansion of full and new production capacity is still continuing, and it is expected that the ceiling for future regional operations in China will be further upgraded. After the market, the expansion has accelerated, and the domestic pharmaceutical agent and cmc service capacity has been built.
In terms of production capacity, the Fonda Medicine Core Bioanalytical Service is expanding rapidly, increasing cmc production capacity and expanding the Chinese laboratory. We have also combed up medical capacity in our previous series of reports, as well as in the 2019 newspaper, where the company's sub-branch was revealed, including, inter alia, the expansion of 10,000 square feet of laboratories in Pennsylvania, United States, and the upgrading of the company.
Capacity for bioanalysis in biomarkers, biological agents, drug discovery development, gene-cell therapy, etc..2 Expanded operation: 3 expanded capacity of Shanghai laboratories, 42,000 square feet of new laboratories opened in Shanghai in 2019, while bioanalysis support for biological agent services was provided for the refurbishment of 16,000 square feet of former bioanalysis laboratories: also in new
42,000 square feet of new laboratories have established a drug metabolism and drug-degenerative dynamics sector. @Fondasu State equity acquisition repossession, November 2019, increased domestic cmc service capacity. 5 Acquisitions of rmi (pharmaceutical agent), bri (pharmaceutical agent, bioanalysis) have expanded service areas and client groups. 12 March 2020, Fangda Shanghai lease.
1. Teg medicine (300347): Continuous change in profitability 215,000 square feet of the Wu Central Economic Development Area for drug substitution and toxicology research in pharmaceutical and non-glp/glp. Good, focus on the company ' s own alpha expansion.
\triangleright 2. Teg medicines (300347): fit the expectations, focus on Da Ping.
We emphasize that while the industry continues to maintain its business climate, we focus on developing its own \alpha business capabilities, \cro enterprises, bed flexibility and alpha expansion, and in the context of the gradual globalization of competition for outsourced services, many international cro giants are already operating in the country, ppd.
The local market has also been announced. Teg medicines have been increasing their operational capabilities by participating in Japanese ps, promoting the securitization of Korean companies and, more recently, the listing of a+h companies, accelerating the expansion of the technology platforms and production capacity in Fangda holdings, and increasing the international market layout, which is an important means for firms to continuously improve their international competitiveness.
In anticipation of a gradual breakthrough in the process of internationalization in the future, bringing new performance gains to companies and maximizing their alpha attributes. Considering the impact of the recent epidemic on companies’ performance, we estimate that hospital-level clinical services and some of the Smo operations may be short and sustained, and we maintain a “recommended” rating.
In January 2019, Kwok was enrolled in the People’s Security Fund. He graduated from Qinghua University School of Life Sciences, where he studied postdoctoral studies and joined the People’s College of Medicine in July 2019.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.