On April 28, 2020, the company released its 2020q1 performance, and the company achieved operating income of $650 million, resulting in a net profit of $255 million for the mother and $115 million for the non-retroactive net profit of the mother, an increase of 6.77 per cent, 75.22 per cent and 3.45 per cent, respectively, for the business.
In the short term: we expect the impact of the epidemic on clinical technical services and operations in hospitals such as smo to be clearer \triangleright 1 end of income: overall, the company achieved a revenue of 255 million yuan for 2020q1, an increase of 6.77 per cent, which we believe is due to the fact that the company has been able to achieve an increase of 6.77 per cent.
The Unit was affected by the epidemic during the quarter, compared to the 300-degree trend, and related operations in hospitals, such as i-iv clinical trials, patient recruitment for clinical trials, etc., were expected to be significantly affected, resulting in slower growth in corporate revenue and profits.
Services (Fanta) are mainly affected by the short-term impact on the time and labour costs of employees to resume work, and we believe that these two operations have been relatively less affected.2 At the profit end: the company ' s Māori rate of 2020q1 was 46.24 per cent, an increase of 1.56 percentage points from the previous year, which was received as a result of the epidemic
The net profit rate of 2020q1 is about 13% per year (a faster increase than the income ratio), the cost of sales is 26.64% per year, the cost of R & D is 27.64% per year higher than the net profit end of the company, and the management cost is only 4.29% per year (less than the income increase) showing a strong human management capacity, which is in line with me.
We believe that in the second quarter of the year, when the hospital is returning to normal operations, there will be a recovery in revenue and profit-side growth rates. In the medium term, companies have strong hand orders, and smo and summation still have significant growth potential.
Long; 570 and 855 orders in hand for corporate operations and Smo operations, respectively, calculated on the basis of the number of orders completed in 2019 (158) and Smo (148), which were able to absorb the expansion of corporate operations over a period of 2-3 years, we believe that there is still significant growth in corporate operations over the next 2-3 years.
Operating cash flows reflect the high quality of the business as a whole, and operating cash flows are far better than net profits, and we find that it is mainly the company that collects its accounts (contractual liabilities) in advance.
1. Tagger Medicine (300347): The high climate continues, with the return to high growth of 2019q4 and the increase in other payables brought about by the listing of ipo, in particular the growth of pre-collected accounts,a which is expected to bring elastic performance
The increase, which we believe to be our most important concern, reflects the demand-side climate and indicates that the company's orders are growing rapidly. 2. Teg medicine (300347): the company's performance has increased favourably, and we recommend that attention be paid to the causes of the short-term epidemic that lead to corporate receivables (new accounting standards are based on open-ended accounting standards).
In the long run, China’s regional market dividend remains the main logic, taking into account the company’s own alpha expansion and business expansion belt.
We believe that the epidemic will not disrupt the pace of local innovation companies' research and development, and that the Chinese region’s market dividend is still the main logic. Just as we described in our report “From local cxo performance and ind data, China’s market dividend”, the 2020o1 country’s 1st class and bio-innovative ind data remain high (especially in the case of chemicals), we believe that the domestic innovation industry is on the right track.
At a rapid stage of development, the country’s low clinical penetration also offers better development opportunities for the company. In the short term, the epidemic does not disrupt the pace of development and development of the new scale of biotech and the larger mature pharmaceutical companies, and with the country’s nearing the end of the epidemic, clinical progress is likely to be an opportunity for the country’s innovative pharmaceutical companies to break through.
Companies accelerate the expansion of their business maps, and their own alpha expansion is expected to contribute to long-term performance elasticity. From the company’s sharebooks on the market, one is still increasing the capacity of clinical technical services and the United States, Asia and the Pacific.
The global layout of regions such as the region and Europe shows the firm ' s confidence in the development of future clinical technical services; the company will also continue to look for co-operative enterprises abroad to further increase penetration rates; and the synergy between its own operations will be increased by investing in innovative pharmaceutical enterprises, medical equipment companies and hospitals to improve the investment of the biosphere.
The company continuously upgrades its business capabilities and expands its own business plans by accelerating the construction and expansion of the Fangda technology platform. These alpha-based business expansions are an important means for firms to continuously improve their international competitiveness, and in the future they will bring new growth in their performance and maximize their own alpha-related properties.
We maintain a “recommended” rating for the industry’s continuing climate. The risk of deteriorating financing for innovative drug injections, the risk of fluctuations in clinical trials, and the risk of new business being integrated below expectations.
Kwok, Ph.D., Research Assistant, Graduated from the College of Life Sciences at Qinghua University, studied postdoctoral studies at the College of Pharmacology at Qinghua University. In July 2019, the author joined the Chinese Institute of Securities Industry, with a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consultancy, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.