The high profile continues, and its alpha expansion is expected to bring elasticity to its performance.
56.31%. 772 million yuan operating income of 2019q4, net profit of 314 million yuan to the mother, an increase of 9.35% in the same year and an accelerated profit-end trend, respectively, with Māori upturn control logic for clinical trial technical services
We expect that the growth rate of the company's two core clinical and digital operations should be maintained at a rate of more than 25 per cent, but the cost of clinical trials has been reduced (to transfer costs) as a result of the acceleration of the profit-end resulting from the upgrading of the management capacity of the hospital2 and a 5.23 percentage point increase in the gross interest rate of the clinical technical services. At the profit-side, the net profit of 2019q1-q4 is equal to the increase of 51.72 per cent.
We also see that the cost increase in corporate management (11.28%) is lower than the revenue-side increase (22.58%) and may be related to the company's ability to upgrade its personnel management capacity, predicting the profitability of the company, the industry's continuing climate, and the investment innovation platform's building a clinical biosphere.
Once again, we emphasize that the market dividend in China and the company’s ability to obtain orders boost the company’s performance. In 2019 there was an increase of 29.63% (Yoy71.1% in 2018) in revenue from intra-company operations, and a rapid increase from 2018 to 53.65%, showing a high performance in the domestic market for clinical trials of innovative medicines.
The high profile of the domestic innovation market will continue to drive the firm’s rising share of business within the country, and will boost the firm’s core operations, such as major clinical and digital, to a rapid growth rate. This will increase by 27.9 per cent from the company’s new contract value and cumulatively pending implementation of the Enterprise 2 active investment innovation platform, creating a clinical investment biosphere. Other non-current financial assets of the company increased in 2019.
769 million yuan (of which 750 million non-current financial assets were purchased) amounted to 2,250 million yuan (Yoy51.95 per cent), with a major equity investment of 379 million yuan and a small equity investment in innovative biopharmaceuticals and medical devices start-ups.
2. Teg medicine (300347): the ability to make a profit continues to improve.
New technology platforms continue to build sustainable Toolkit service platforms \triangleright focus on the company's own alpha outreach
In the context of the gradual globalization of the competition for subcontracted services, many of the international cro giants are already operating in the country, and ppd announces that they are taking part in the domestic market. Teg medicines are used to promote the securitization of Korean companies by taking part in Japanese ps, promoting the securitization of Korean companies, and working with accerise.
The Association’s establishment of joint ventures to accelerate the expansion of the Fangda holding technology platform and production capacity continues to enhance its operational capabilities and international market layout, and these alpha-based operations are an important part of the enterprise’s international competitiveness. Looking forward to a gradual breakthrough in the internationalization process in the future, bringing new growth in company performance and maximizing its own alpha attributes.
We maintain a “recommended” rating for the Department’s valuation and for the industry’s continued climate. The risk of deteriorating financing for innovative pharmaceutical applications, the risk of policy fluctuations in clinical trials, and less integration of new operations than expected.
The company ' s financial statement data projections are summarized and joined in January 2019. Kwok, Ph.D., Research Assistant, Graduated from Qinghua University School of Life Sciences, worked in postdoctoral studies at Qinghua University College of Pharmacy, joined in July 2019.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.