In August 2024, the company sold 37,3083 vehicles in the same month.
This represents an increase of 36 per cent and a 9 per cent increase in the ring ratio; in August, the total number of power cells and storage batteries was 18.846gwh, and in August, the total number of power cells and storage batteries was increased by 73.1 per cent and the number of high-end vehicles was increased by 73.1 per cent, respectively. In August, the number of pure electric vehicles sold was 14,847, or 2 per cent, compared to 14.2 per cent, and in August, the number of hybrid vehicles sold was 22,2384, or 73.1 per cent.
More than 3.95 million vehicles are expected. A high-end matrix of high-end products of uplifting, equation leopards and looking up is on the ground and continues to lead the high-end transformation of the company, which is expected to yield significant increases and profits. In August, 99.89 were sold, 310 were sold, and 4876 were sold.
Overseas sales continued to increase. In August, the company sold 31451 new energy vehicles abroad, an increase of 25.7 per cent compared to the previous year, and the ring, an increase of 4.8 per cent compared to the previous year, with the company selling 263,869 new energy vehicles abroad in January-August. This was a 125 per cent increase, and we expect 410,000 new energy vehicles to be sold overseas by the company in 2024, an increase of the same rate.
70%. The company speeded up the global deployment of its vehicle operations, with new energy entering 77 countries and territories (as of June of this year) in Brazil, Germany, Japan, Thailand. In January of this year, production started at the Biadeuztan factory, and in July, the Thai factory was officially completed, in addition to the company ' s work in Brazil and Hungary.
In August of this year, the Biadi equation Leopard signed a partnership agreement with China for intelligent driving. The first product focuses on the eight-car of the equation Leopard, which is about to be marketed, and the driver's car, Ads 3.0. By doing so, Biadi and Hua are expected to make up for their shortcomings in the field of intelligent driving. This collaboration not only boosts the brand of the equation Leopard.
The smartness level further enriches Biadi’s product matrix; it can also be expected that intelligent driving will gradually spread from high-end to mainstream mass vehicle models. Biadi is expected to continue to lead the new energy vehicle market.
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. The investment proposals of individuals, either in writing or orally, are not valid.
The owner should not rely solely on this report as a substitute for his own independent judgement; he should make his own investment decisions and take his own investment risks; any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors should be based on this report.