\triangleright profit matches the expected product structure and glory page impact on Māori.
Compared to $ -0.54 million (2024q2dmi 5.0 with less output, income recognition products dominated by glory, asp drops were mainly affected by the fall in the number of officers of glory and the decline in the share of high end, export pattern sales), ring ratio - 6.6 pct; 2) glory sales increased significantly in comparison q1, resulting in a decrease in Maori; 3) depreciation amortization
The ring ratio +0.19 million dollars, due mainly to the negative impact of lower costs during the bicycle period on the positive (and more) positive contribution of profits. Cost side: 2024q2 sales, management, R & D, treasury 1. Biadi (002594.sz) series I: monthly sales
-5.0 pct; the decrease is mainly due to a reduction in the share of high-end vehicles in the first quarter of the year (high-end vehicle camp, with higher cost rates for each item). 2. Biadi (002594.sz) series: 2023 sales
High-end products have been sold up and sold up. In 2024, high-end products from Biadi were sold up. N9, and priority models such as u7, Equator Leopard 8 will be listed in the second half of the year.
Tzuz9/z9gt officially opened a pre-sale price of $33.98-4198 million, and MoB's total profit was 2024, and manager Zhao Yangjiang revealed in social media that the 24-hour order exceeded the same price as the mainstream limo model I.
A month's sales volume, demand is strong. We see a two-way upward trend, equation leopard, looking up sales, profit. 4. Biadi (002594.sz) series rating four: high end sales 2024 more globalized ocean skys overseas. 2024 m1-7 cumulatively out of the sea 233,000, same
\triangleright, Hungary, Turkey, Indonesian plant deployments, and accelerated exports, we judge that the company's going out to sea is expected to grow rapidly in Europe, South-East Asia, and Australasia, and to boost profits.
Investment Recommendations: We view the technologically driven production and brand power of the company as continuing upwards, accelerating the journey to sea as a study of methodology and analytical logic, producing the present report independently and objectively, and taking responsibility for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.