Biadey's review report, "03/09/2024, one-car net profit margin rises, high-end layout hits.
We think there's a drop in the two numbers.
Mainly affected by three factors: (a) upstream raw materials, including battery-grade lithium carbonate, are still declining, leading to downswings in whole-car prices; (b) intra-industry price wars remain strong, with the median discount rate remaining the highest in the market for nearly three years as of June of this year; and (c) salesmen of company q2 mixed vehicles.
We estimate that, along with the official start of the q3 dm5.0 model, single-car turnover and single-car Māori ratio are expected to return to a bottom recovery; Single-car deduction is not a parent net profit: q2 car deductions in 2024 are a net profit of 0.87 million.
The first coverage report by the Société Général-Biade (002594): The ring grew by 0.27 million yuan, mainly because of the q2 company size effect and the decline in the R&D cost line by $1.601 billion.
Depreciation of fixed assets is expected to decline accordingly, corporate size effects continue to show, and we expect that the net profit index for single cars will continue to improve. Given the continued upward penetration of new energy vehicles around the world, companies are expected to achieve both domestic and overseas markets.
A simultaneous increase in the share of the field. At the same time, it is expected to be high-end in the company's layout, and the slow pace of growth in new energy cars in Chen Xiaoyu has increased the risk of competition in the industry, with less than expected penetration of new energy sources overseas.
The Hong Kong market benchmark is a constant index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or an NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets) and the Northward benchmark index is a North 50 index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts