Two Song Qi, entering the Biadi moment of mass build-up of a crowned car, events: In recent days, two new items from Biadezon ldm-i and 2025 Songplusdm-i will open in the south of the river.
The vehicle, Nedc 100 km of electricity, consumes 3.9l, with a combined extension of more than 1,500 km. The 3-year period of suv fuel consumption was created, with new fuel consumption and renewal poles for the new energy suv model.
Through a series of technological innovations, 46.06 per cent of engine heat efficiency, 2.9 litres of fuel and 1,100 kilometres of combined traffic were achieved, and vehicle energy efficiency records were updated. The ehs mix system increased the power density by 70.28 per cent, while the energy density of blade batteries increased by 15.9 per cent.
The proxy heat management structure saves up to 10% of the energy by co-operating with pre-air, battery, and cabin heat management. The IEC is a mixed power domain control system, with a power density increase of 18.3%, and the initial chip integration technology, which raises vcu and double mcu by 146%.
Ten thousand, Biadezon ldm-i and 2025 Songplusdm-i have five editions, with total equity/flow (billion shares) selling prices ranging from $13.58 to $175.8 million.
The total market value/flow (millions of dollars) is super-mixed and based on the concept of ocean aesthetic design.
The cars were built based on a new generation of mixer platforms. The two new cars were equipped with multiple high-end configurations, and the Biadi dm5.0 product matrix was upgraded to build the Song family’s leading position in the suv market.
Sov, the first million-dollar new energy source, is also the quickest to achieve million-dollar sales. 2025 Song plusdm-i is expected to continue the suv crown. Qinl, issued in May, has continued to grow, and is running a fast-riding car crown, with Song's release on the market strengthening the suv crowning position of Songpus.
With the power of dm5.0 superproducts, technology, quality up, mass build-up, investment proposal: cars start a new cycle of new power for old, and Biadi is our most beneficial car company.
New cars such as l/plusdm-i continue to be marketed, and the dm5.0 model has been upgraded.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.