Biyadi: The scale effect is helping to bring back the net profit of the bike, and the trip to the sea  high-end  and the acceleration of intelligence: the company published its semi-annual report in 2024, and the company earned $30,113 billion in the first half of the year, the same amount.
24H1 sales, robust growth in performance, and scale effects to help bring back the net profit of the bicycles. The company earned $30,113 million in the first half of the year, or +15.8 per cent of the year; the net profit from the return to the mother was $13,63 billion, and the leading analysis of the Wu Ho power plant and the new energy industry.
Xu Guojiang, Research Assistant for the Automobile Industry
10,000 vehicles, +17.8% of the same year; 742,000 vehicles sold on the ocean network, +40.8% of the same year, further up to Yadi ' s new energy car market, leading the country ' s domestic car sales champion, stabilizing the world ' s new energy sources, leading the vehicle sales. Technically, May pure power e platform 3.0evo bright, fifth generation dm.
In terms of products, Qinldm-i, SEALs 06dm-i, Songplusdm-i, Songldm-i, SEALs 07dm-i, and the new Dm5.0 model, the Dynamical + Ocean Web-based discs are upgraded: professional personalized branded equations are published with "583"
Hardware family: Powerful release of smart luxury flagship cars up to 9gt, d9 Umpv month winner: u9 u8 cross-country player on the market, million-class flagship car u7. Smartness continues to work, accelerating with the global layout of the car business.
The strategy was released, and the High-level Smart Driver Support System was delivered.
In the first half of the year, the company went out of the sea.
By June, the company's new energy sources had entered 77 countries and territories; the company's localization process had taken place in Uzbekistan.
Tan, Thailand, Brazil and Hungary are moving steadily. Billions, $46.9 billion, $56 billion, pe 19 times, 15 times and 13 times, respectively.
Risk factor: sales of high-end brand models are not as high as expected: sales of new models are not as high as expected: upstream.
Figure 1: Company revenue (millions of yuan) for the calendar year, figure 2: Company revenue (billions) per quarter
Figure 3: Company ' s annual net profit attributable to the mother (millions of yuan) Figure 4: Company ' s quarterly net profit attributed to the mother (billions) Figure 5: Company ' s quarterly Māori  net interest rate (%)
Figure 6: Quarterly cost of companies (%) Figure 7: Biadi Quarterly Sales (one) Figure 8: Biadi Quarterly Exports of New Energy by Car (one)
100000.00 Figure 9: Biadi Quarterly Quarterly Quantities (US$ 10,000) Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quantities (US$ 10,000) & Quantities Quantities Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities (US$ 10,000)
In 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on new energy sectors for electricity equipment. Sun-yun, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Xu Guofang, Master of Applied Economics, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, covering areas such as intelligence, new power, and whole cars.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.