Biyadi Times: From Bulk Explosion to Full Smart Events: the company published its 2024th semi-annual report, which generated business income of $301,127 million in the first half of the year, i.e., +15.76% in comparison to the fifth generation of dm batches.
Qinl, new seals, two Song Chihuahuas, and a new sedan/suv pole. Biadi Qinplus built a national car: the Song family has sold more than 2.6 million units, Songpus has sold more than 1 million new vehicles, making it China's first million dollars worth of new energy, and so is Suv.
The quickest can be achieved is suv. Qinl/ SEAL06dm-i, Songl/plusdm-i, Qinl/Sun Song will sell cars/suv to more than two times the height of history. Then, the dm5.0 new vehicle matrix will be upgraded, and Biadi will be able to rely on it.
Total equity/flow (billion shares) loaned from dm5.o ' s superproduct power, technology, quality up, bulk build-up and sale of crowns. Total market value/flow (billions)
High sales and amortized costs boosted a significant increase in the net profit of bicycles. 24h1 company had 20.01% of the gross profit, and technological innovation was used to drive the full-scale intelligence of the BJC type. Biadi spent $20.2 billion on research and development in the first half of the year, compared to +41.6%, continuously increased investment in research and development, always using technological innovation to drive the BJ model.
The launch of the fifth generation dm technology in May, with the highest engine heat efficiency of 46.06% worldwide, the lowest 100 km of electricity deficit of 2.9l and the longest combined global extension of 1,100 km, will lead to a sustained increase in China’s brand share of Biadi’s brand.
In June, Biadi was selected for the country's first pilot list of smart-ass cars and road access. In August, Biadi launched the easy-to-triangular platform.
Ideal-to-end models, push-z9gt and z9 to open pre-sales, re-create luxury car market patterns: Equation Leopard 8, with Jae-hwa as a dry-thinking-ads 3.0, and work on the first hard-to-do-wire program in the world.
Export growth and localized production accelerated without fear of short-term trade tariff adjustments. 24h1 exports 20.34 million vehicles, an increase of 173.8 per cent over the previous year, far higher than industry growth, and a further increase in export shares. Overseas revenues of $89.9 billion, +39.65 per cent over the same period, and Māori rates of 17.41 per cent over the same period, +9.31pt over the same period.
Entering 77 countries and regions around the world, taking the country’s new energy car crown. Meanwhile, local corporate production is moving forward, with the Hungarian government officially signing a local advance purchase agreement for a car factory, Uz Biyadi’s moment: from bulk payments to full intelligence.
The first tsongplusdm-i championship edition of the Bekkstan factory was officially offline, and the plant was officially completed in only 16 months, with an annual capacity of about 150,000 vehicles, localized production plus a rapid electric transformation of the world.
Investment proposals: Biadi Time: From mass busts to full intelligence. Biadi’s fifth generation dm release, Qinl/Sun Song, will push Qin/Song’s cars/suv to more than two times the peak of history. Biadi is using dm5.0’s superproducts to build and sell crowns in bulk.
High amortization costs boosted the net profit of a bicycle. Equator Leopard 8, ads 3.0, easy to three-way, reshaping the luxury car market, new platforms for the integration of smart power, technological innovation, and driving the full-scale smartness of a blasted car.
By replacing subsidies everywhere, Biadee is what we think is the most beneficial car company. We expect the company to be Biadee Time: From Bulk Explosion to Full Smart Time: from Bulk Exploitation to Full Smart.
Pacific Academy, 7th floor of the 2nd Unit of the Huao Long Enterprise, 9 North outside Beijing City West Side, and 10th floor of the State Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City.
Hsien Shenzhen, Fuda Business, 1904 19th floor, New World Center, 19th floor, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, 102nd floor, Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report