The semi-annual review of Biadi (002594) 2024: On August 28, Biadi published its semi-annual report for 2024.
The growth in physical performance has been sustained, but at a slower pace, mainly as a result of price wars and product restructuring, the abundance of product matrices, and the continuation of the intellectualization process. In May, the company updated the fifth generation dm technology and the entire new generation of e platforms, 3.0evo, to further enhance the competitiveness of automobile products.
The brands under the banner cover a variety of car types and price zones, with a rich array of product-based rectangulations. The company's own high-level intelligent driving system, the Eye of the Gods, has started to produce in bulk, folding electronic intelligence platforms such as triangulation, clouds, etc., and is expected to continue to drive the intellectual evolution of the company's products.
The equation Leopard-Paul 8 will be launched as a dry-dryads 3.0 smart drive, and one step will be taken to improve the intelligence of the company’s high-end brands.
In the first half of 2024, the company sold 3.27 pct.
As of June 2024, the Department’s new energy vehicle products had entered 77 countries and regions, including Brazil, Germany, Japan, Thailand, and others. As automobiles became globalized, companies actively promoted overseas capacity-building.
The company is also planning to invest in capacity building in Indonesia, Turkey, etc., and to build up its own transport fleet, which is expected to further strengthen overseas.
Market supply capacity, opening up global markets, and investment advice: companies are the vanguards of new energy vehicles, and continue to open up global markets on the basis of sound domestic fundamentals.
Maintenance of an “empowerment” rating of companies. Industry competition increases risks; overseas capacity-building is not progressing as fast as expected; technology upgrades and replacement risks; Māori downside risks; exchange rate fluctuations risk; and geopolitical events risk
Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risks”, “stable” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, “positive” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium and high risks”, “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and are aware of it independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.