The company issued the June Express: 34.17 million vehicles were sold in June, i.e. +35.02 per cent in June, of which 1,452 million were sold in pure electric vehicles, i.e. +13.25 per cent in mixed vehicles, and 19.50 per cent were sold in mixed cars.
In June, the company sold 34.17 million vehicles, or +35.02%, a record high. By brand, the Dynasty Network + Ocean Network sold 32.48 million vehicles, or +35.0%, and the Tweets sold 1230,000 vehicles, or +11.0%; and the equations sold 0.270 million.
On 4 June, the company won the National Science and Technology Progress Award for the recognition of the core technology and its selection for the smart network pilot. On 4 June, the company was selected for the first pilot list of smart network cars in the country.
The Department led the completion of the National Science and Technology Progress Award for Autonomy Development and Modelling of New Generations of Electric Motors Key Parts and whole-of-the-Car Platforms project, which created a new generation of electric car complexes in the fields of blades, batteries, autonomous sics, and a new generation of electric car whole platforms.
The platform designed a new international route and has been applied to the Biadi dynasty, the sea, the ups and downs of a total of 27 series of vehicles, with a cumulative sales volume of over 5 million vehicles over the last three years, two consecutive years, the last year of stock versus 300 deep.
In June, exports opened the 300th door shop in the Asia-Pacific region; the company was the first in a factory in Uzbekistan.
New energy cars are officially offline; the first gate shop in Jamaica is officially opened; and, during the European Cup, the new energy car in Biadey was used as an official vehicle to provide green travel clothing for the competition, which is expected to increase corporate visibility and branding and further increase overseas sales.
Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. We expect companies to achieve a net return profit in 2024-2026.
23 years of bright performance, high-end + intelligence + sea aid, high-end + sea + intelligence, new energy car tap again - 21st of 2024
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.