We're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business, we're out of business.
In the context of the price war, profitability has remained stable, with a major increase in sales volume and a sustained large-scale effect in the off-shore high-profit markets. Meanwhile, the company’s bargaining power in the industrial chain has increased, with 74.9 days of stock turnover as at the end of June, 40 per cent of accounts receivable turnover days, and a marked improvement over the previous quarterly round.
According to Marklines, 2024h1 electric cars are sold at a rate of 7,172,000, +25.1% and penetration at a rate of 16.9% in China’s leading car companies since the beginning of the year.
Motivated by favourable factors such as price-for-value swaps, the country has changed its old policy towards a higher growth rate, with China selling 59.34 million electric vehicles, +31.1 per cent of the same year and 36.4 per cent of the penetration rate, according to the Chinese Air Association data for January-July, and we are optimistic that 12 million of the country’s electric cars will be sold throughout the year, + 26.4 per cent of the same year, and close to 40 per cent of the year’s penetration.
According to the cleantechnica caliber, 2024h1’s global new energy usage was 15.25 million vehicles, compared to 30.3%, and global market share was 21.5% and 0.5 pcts more than 2023 a year.
Under a “lower than oil” competitive strategy, the company’s automobile business is growing faster than sales, but still more profitable +3.3 pcts, with no backlash in profitability, benefiting from higher sales and further large-scale advantages, as well as high premium markets.
By unit, the 2024h1 company sold 14.15 million yuan, the same ratio as 14.9%, and the gross profits of 33.9 million yuan, the same figure down by 1.4%, showed strong cost control and profitability. Companies focused on overseas markets.
By the end of June, the company’s new energy vehicles had been introduced into 77 countries and territories, including Brazil, Germany, Uzbekistan, and Brazil and Hungary.
In July, Thailand’s factory was officially completed. The company’s globalization strategy, with its products and production capacity, is expected to bypass policy and trade barriers, further expand the market space.
Building on its ongoing efforts to promote the application of existing technologies, the company publishes platform e3.0evo, fifth-generation dm technologies, and continues to optimize their upgrading in terms of driving experience, continuity capacity, etc. The company remains at the forefront of technology.
A pilot list of traffic access and access, along with a company announcement to join with China in August to create an equation leopard IQP, first of all, a forthcoming equator eight, highlighting the company's leading position in the field of smart driving and its continued investment in investment proposals and profit projections.
The combined effect of the “electricity is lower than oil” and the replacement of new policies with new ones has driven the domestic market back-to-back, and there is still a upward trend in the electricization of the overseas car market under overseas policy and trade walls. The company is the leading company in the global electric train, 2024h1 bialdi (002594); its performance in 2023 has been on the rise.
Together with trade risks, share the development dividend of overseas markets; expand market access and reduce the cost of restoration under the scale effect.
We believe that the company has high barriers and higher growth expectations than the industry, and maintains a “buy-in” rating, with a projection of 2024 - 2026 Biandi (002594) 2023q3 rating: Quantified Quantities
Fulfilling, overseas + middle- and high-end markets continue to develop branding power - macroeconomic downturns, less than expected sales of trams; shifts in domestic and foreign new energy vehicle policies; underinvestment in corporate production capacity and expectations; trade barriers in overseas markets; and high volatility in raw materials prices.
Biadi (002594) reported a steady increase in performance, technological innovation + two-fold increase in overseas profit-making and valuation - 0917: 32024h1 Biadi overseas sales & double city share (car)
Figure 4 Corporate single-car Māori as a whole remains stable (millions of US$/car) Figure 5 Corporate Māori rate continues to rise, Figure 6 shows a significant increase in the proportion of corporate offshore operations
Figure 7 shows that the growth rate of the company's 2024h1 battalion is stable (in billions of yuan) and that the company's profitability is stable in the fields of arms, steel, etc., that there is an in-depth study of both technology and cycles, that there is continuous and in-depth research in the areas of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics and automation, and that a “China's manufacturing investment cycle” research framework has been established.
The team focused on research in the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium and storage energy, with limited energy devoted to serving more primary and secondary markets where the needs of the country are met, the industry is flourishing and the people have faith, without which it will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in the present report. This report has been prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended for or for any dispatch, release, release, etc.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the public or resident in any area, country, or other area under its jurisdiction in which it is available or used to cause China Securities Limited and its associated companies to violate local laws or regulations, or to subject the Chinese securities to the law or regulation. The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the Chinese securities unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.