The lithium industry (002466.sz) has non-ferrous/precious metals.
The sum of US$49.995 million will be added to Xiaomentung tungsten New Energy Materials Ltd. The company will hold 3% of its shares after the replenishment has been completed.
The investment eligibility of the candidate investors has been approved by the Xiamen branch of the tungsten trading centre in Fujian province and the tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten new energy source is a positive material flagship, with 9.34 per cent of the output in 2018: tungsten tungsten is the main producer of lithium ion batteries in China, mainly in the sea.
End and Sanming Production Bases and are actively building the Ninder and Seaview Production Bases, which have lithium-electric positives and generate revenue of 3,267 million yuan, net profit of 67 million yuan and total assets of 3,754 million yuan, respectively, according to ggii data, the volume of shipments from the thong industry of thongs and tungsten in 2018 was 14,600, ncm and lmo, respectively.
10,200 and 900 tons, for a total of 25.7 million tons. Increasing corporate profit contribution points and strengthening outreach to downstream customers: The company adheres to a development strategy of “upstream, middle- and downstream” through upgrading.
As an important link in the new energy industry chain, the investment in the positive materials industry is in line with corporate strategic planning. Companies maintain long-term transactions with the new tungsten energy source, and both have established long-term stable supply and distribution relationships, creating more bonds through capital.
R & D and strategic cooperation between the two sides to counter market risks, promote the use of lithium materials in new energy sources, and promote cooperation between the two sides in more technical areas.
• Taking into account the corporate advantage in costs and resources, the company maintains a “strongly recommended” rating: “The global deployment of high-quality lithium resources with new energy sources,” leading firms will benefit from the dividends of the development of the new energy sector over the long term and maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.
There is a risk of further crowding out of the profits of the nudity-material business; the company has not yet signed a formal replenishment agreement.