The company's profile is that the country's pig-breeding company has a significant advantage in over-profits.
The cost of a well-managed pig pole company, which remains industry first in the long term, and the company's continued drilling at 2023q1-q3, is expected to cost 2023q3 commodity pigs at a full cost of approximately $14.5/kg, or nearly $350 more than in single-headed farming in the industry.
On the basis of a long-term dualized delivery system, companies are also expected to achieve a rapid increase in pig production during the course of the cycle, or a substantial increase in the value of the counter-priced pig. Large; on the other hand, the industry is expecting high pig prices in the second half of this year, with secondary fattening and pressure bars.
The price of pigs is higher than the price. From a cyclical point of view, the industry began to degenerate from the end of 2022 and has so far lasted for more than a year, and in the second half of 2023, the northern pigpest has been very perturbated with the stage of production, and the industry is not very productive. We believe that the follow-up production trend is significant.
One is that high-leveraging and high-cost production will remain under pressure at current pig prices; and the other is that the South will enter the rainy season with a high incidence of non-pest disease. In the absence of real industrial capacity, subsequent subsidences may trigger a larger cycle reversal in both the re-deficit and the pigpest.
The company sees: the management system continues to evolve, leading by high-quality industry development. Makahara's management is ahead of the industry. From a value point of view, the company is expected to continue to do great things in the future through sustained over-profits. The company's excellent management performance is both soft and hard, soft and public.
The Division is able to fully mobilize the responsibility of its staff through the fine management of farm production processes and an excellent corporate culture, its commitment and ability to learn, and to promote efficiency gains in the farming chain.
In addition, the company positioned the slaughtering business as an acillary business, with a total slaughter in 2023.
Q2 pigs, 80 million head/year of fertility at the end of 2023; 10 slaughterhouses, design
With a slaughtering capacity of 29 million head/year, the strategy of a two-way slaughter is expected to open up new opportunities for growth. The Shenwon shares (002714.sz) 2022 annual report and 2023-quarterly reviews: the cost of breeding has been steadily reduced to less than $15.5/kg, and the year 2023 is expected to show a steady increase.
Quarterly Review: q3 net return to the mother: company profile: managing a pig-breeding tap with continuous sophistication
The Shebahara shares are the leading company in the integration of the country's pig-breeding industrial chain, which has developed a chain of industrial pig-breeding, fodder processing, pig-breeding, pig-breeding, commodity pig-breeding, pig-breeding and pig-breeding industry. In 2023, the country's largest-scale farming industry is expected to continue with the same growth in 2024.
In the field of deep-farming pig farming, which has been gradually extended from 2020 to the downstream slaughter-processing plate, the company has positioned the slaughter industry as an adjunct business, with a combined slaughter of 13.26 million pigs in 2023, an increase of 80 per cent compared to the previous year, the capacity to produce 10 slaughterhouses, the design of a slaughtering capacity of 29 million head/year, and the prospect of an increase in the strategy for the development of a slaughtering double.
Figure 1: The range of activities of herd shares covers the entire chain of raw pigs, such as feed, breeding, farming, slaughtering and processing. Figure 2: Changes in herd stock income from pig production, slaughtering meat. Figure 3: The number of pig productions and slaughters from herds from year to year (millions)
Corporate governance: The equity structure is stable and concentrated, the higher echelons are more confident of development, and the corporate equity structure is more concentrated. Qin and his wife, Qin Yinglin, are the co-existors of herin’s shares.
The total number of cases is 54.63%, with absolute control over the company. In addition, the company values the dividends, and in 2014 it was listed in figure 4: A map showing the structure of herd shareholders (up to the third quarter of 2023).
The announcement that some directors, supervisors, senior managers and core managers, technical and business personnel together account for 0.557 per cent of the total stock stock of the company, and that the company's controlling shareholders, the Qin Sheihara, the son of the de facto controlling person, together have increased their ownership plans, thus demonstrating the confidence of the company's executives and cadres in the company's future prospects.
Operating: The cost has remained a steady downward trend, and the excess gains on the head have been significant, although the decline on the previous year has been significant, but the ring has been warmer, and we estimate that the profit from single-headed farming in the range of 2023q3 is close to $80, compared with the excess gains in the industry.
In terms of costs, herd shares are insured at 2023q1-q3
For example, in 2023, the company achieved 63,816,000 births, and figure 9 shows that herd shares in productive biological assets and the rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent).
Figure 10: Monetary funds and acceleration of herd shares (in billions of yuan, per cent)
The prices of pigs in this cycle have been down since 2021, and after the first outbreak of the African swine plague in August 2018, there has been a marked contraction in the supply of pigs, the price of pigs has been on the road, the industry has achieved high profits between 2019 and 2020, increasing the production capacity of pigs and fixed assets, and the country has been able to replicate the ring since the end of 2019.
Exactly, with the resumption of pig production, the supply of commercial pigs has increased, with prices officially starting down in January 2021, which is now nearly three years old. By the end of February 2024, the Ministry of Agriculture had disclosed a national stock of 40.24 million pigs, with a cumulative decomposition of 8.0 per cent over the current cycle.
In the first half of the year, the first half of the year, 2023, the first half of the year, the worst. The historical level and duration have reached historical limits in terms of the price of pig food since 2010.
Figure 12: Prices of pigs relative to profit/loss lines in 22 provinces and cities in the country since 2010 Status of the current cycle: Industrial balance sheets gradually deteriorated, there were large differences between farming groups High profitability translated into fixed asset expenditure, and pig-leverage was generally new. High industry in 2019-2020
Profit, converted into fixed assets as a result of the continued expansion at the top of the cycle. From 2021 to 2023, the industry entered a downward cycle, with cash drains from its operations, supported mainly by cash flows of a financing nature, which were supplemented by financing by listed companies through fixed increases and transfers of debt.
The asset-liability ratio has risen significantly over the worst period of the previous cycle (2018), and there is a marked difference in the scope for follow-on financing of industry assets and liabilities. Non-market-based enterprise financing channels are much more limited, relying mainly on bank loans and upstream periods to maintain liquidity, with industry-wide financial pressures and a clear signal at the bottom of the cycle.
The price of the sows reached the bottom of history, and the industry’s mood of refilling was long depressed by financial pressure and the plague. According to steel union data, on March 29, 2024, the binary back-up hog price was approximately $1544/head, compared to the previous round: the cycle is now on the right, looking at the next half of the year’s hog price up.
Short-term pig price analysis: Pig prices are low in seasons, the cycle goes to the right, and the pig prices are high in spring 2024. We believe that there are two reasons for the recent increase in hog prices: on the one hand, the northern region is more degenerated by the effects of winter pig disease, from the association.
In January 2024, the price of weaned pigs rose to reflect, to some extent, the tendency of the industry to contract the supply stage, considering that it would take about six months from the birth of a pig to the birth of a pig.
q2 starts with a gradual contraction in the number of commodity pigs. On the other hand, the industry has come to agree on the basics of high pig prices in the second half of this year, and the recent increase in the price of secondary fertilizer and pressurized bars has driven pig prices to reflect the basics of the shrinking supply of pigs ahead of time.
Figure 16: Prices of pork after Spring 2024 ($/kg) show a low season
Figure 19: Recent increases in the sales of second-child samples Figure 20: Increases in the roundings started in the near future after the slaughter of the samples Medium-term pig price forecast: 2024h2 supply contraction in the industry, which looks like the second half of the year.
The supply of commodity pigs in the 2024h2 sector is expected to contract significantly. The production efficiency of the 2024h2 commodity pig sector at 202304 hours is more disturbed by winter African pigpest, and the production of statistical samples is expected to decline significantly during the month, with an impact on the supply end of 2024q4 commodity pigs.
(b) The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs issued a circular on the Implementation Programme for the Control of Plantation of Pigs (Revised 2024), “XIV V” later, using the production data for the country's pork production of 55 million tons in the normal year as a reference to the production data.
At the end of February 2024, the country’s capacity grid stood at 4.024 million, located in a green zone with normal fluctuations in capacity. We believe that the follow-up trend in capacity will continue to fade, and that, on the one hand, high industry-leveraging and high-cost production capacity is currently a pig.
Undervalued cash flows are still under pressure and financial deleveraging pressures persist; on the other hand, the South is about to enter the rainy season, and, given the significant increase in farm density in the South, the industry is likely to continue to suffer from non-pest diseases. In the absence of real industry capacity, subsequent potential losses and the pigpest epidemic may trigger a larger cycle reversal.
Figure 23: The country ' s capacity to survive at the end of February 2024 was 4,024 million, located in a green zone with normal fluctuations in productive capacity