Larger shares continue to be high, with net interest rates rising to many years of high and larger shares outperforming expectations. The refrigerant industry continues to be high as a result of supply side and product upgrading.
Performance exceeded expectations. Operating income was 11,975 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 19.47 per cent in the same year, attributable to the net profit of shareholders in listed companies of 1,653 million yuan, an increase of 104.66 per cent in the same year.
With 596 million yuan, a year-on-year increase of 111.42 per cent, the industry continued its high profile, with net interest rates rising for many years. Good outcomes from supply-side reforms and downstream demand, the company’s main product prices increased considerably over the previous year, and sales increased.
The prices of raw materials increased by 23.79% over the year, refrigerant prices by 27.65% over the year, fluoropolymer materials by 46.18% over the year, and food packaging materials by 4.16% over the same year. The prices of refrigerant products, fluoropolymer materials, continued to increase in the first half of the year over the same period, and were the main source of overperformance.
In addition, higher returns on investment and lower exchange losses have contributed to performance growth. Prices of F-industrial products are expected to remain high in the fourth quarter, and performance is expected to remain high.
280,000 tonnes of product capacity, of which 2nd generation HFC-Refrigerant R22 is second in the country; 3rd generation project (30kt/ar32), new environmentally friendly refrigerants and vehicle conservation products production loading base (I), fluoropolymers technology upgrading project, 23.5kt/a fluorinated new materials project
Fixed-asset investment projects, such as the calcium chloride project, will lead to a further increase in competitive advantage once built. Environmental policy is relaxed, product prices are highly volatile.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.
Wang Haitao