Giant shares (600160.sh)
The company announced a three-quarterly report of operating income of $11,975 million in the first three quarters, or +19.47 per cent in the previous three quarters; a net return profit of $1.653 billion, or +104.66 per cent in the previous quarter.
Billion dollars, +10.34 per cent, ring 5.40 per cent. Companies in the three-quarter season seasons have benefited from a continuation of prices such as refrigerant r22, and continued improvement in non-refrigerant operations, with a much higher than expected performance. Māori sales rate of 23.72 per cent, ring beneficial refrigerant price differentials, 2-quarter
The company, as a major fluorine in the whole industry chain layout, provides 80,000 tons of hydrofluoric acid (HFA), with a self-sufficiency rate of about 50%, and increases in the price of rock and hydrofluoric acid are expected to further boost the price of refrigerants.
(600160) Reported rating: Refrigerants stable profits, methane chlorination skirmishes + 0.82 per cent) and lower financial cost of the same year due to higher exchange rate gains.
The business of non-refrigerant plates has continued to improve, and the company’s anti-cyclical properties have increased significantly, and we have been emphasizing that the company’s business improvements in non-refrigerant operations are also of concern. The average price of non-refrigerant plates in the home during the reporting period is expected to account for the overall profit, with a significant increase in the company’s anti-cyclical properties.
The company is at the bottom of its historical valuation, long-cycle viewing of its diversified product layout as a sustained support for future steady growth, its refrigerant operations have been degenerative for six years, its current supply and demand patterns have improved significantly, and its industry concentration is high (e.g., the global share of domestic Top3 in r134a exceeds 60%).
Under the scenario, refrigerants that have been fully adjusted and put on the new platform are worth re-enacting investors. Moreover, methane chlorination plates are rising strongly, non-refrigerant business performance continues to be released, fund-raising projects are on track, and the e-chemical plates, which are jointly financed with major funds, are expected to generate investment returns and corporate cycle attributes are being eroded.
Former company dynamic valuations are at the bottom of history, with long-cycle viewing of the company's diverse product layout for its continued steady growth in the future.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.