Giant shares (600160.sh) [joint chemical industry] Giant shares (600160) - acquisition of the assets of the scientific institute of the consortium, which is expected to be further strengthened
In a public announcement issued by the Elephant Rivers Corporation in the field of fluorinated chemical products, the limited department of Zhejiang Giant Group Limited and Zhejiang New Materials Research Institute Ltd., held by the licensed shareholders, together with a total of $322,685,534.34, held a 100 per cent share interest in the Zhejiang Giant Technology Centre.
The Centre for Megatechnic Technology is the core agency of the National Research Centre for Fluorine Engineering and Technology, and research is strong. The focus is on research and development in the three main areas of fluorinated molecules, special-purpose fluorinated chemicals, environmentally friendly technologies, etc., and the direction of the development of listed companies is synergized.
Research and development of fluorinated polymers such as ptfe, pvdf, new-use pvdc technology development, four-generation refrigerant product development, mega-stocking (600160) [associated and perfluoropolyether, anti-printing agents, fluorinated coatings, fluorinated fine chemicals development, ultra pure electronic gas development, etc.
Larger shares (600160): The difference in the price of the beneficial refrigerants increased to $20.89 million in operating income in the first half of the second quarter, $3.76 million in net profits and $76,2938,000 in net book assets.
The Giant New Materials Institute is a comprehensive set of basic applied research, application development, incubation and market expansion.
The new materials industry research and development base, currently working with listed companies on vdf/ctfe co-poly resin development, jx mix (600160) reported on a number of projects such as Refrigerant Industrial Refrigerator Development, with three proprietary technologies and seven invention patents as of 30 June 2018,
The purchase price of $323 million is higher than the purchase price of the net asset on the book, mainly from other intangible assets - the Giant Shares of the Associated Chemical Industries.
Proprietary technologies, patents and patent applications, etc., which are not recorded on the business books and are off-the-shelf assets, result in a three-quarterly assessment of relative value added (600160) - less than expected performance, corporate resistance to cycle
The completion of this acquisition is expected to further strengthen the company's moats in the field of high-value-added fluorinated and fine chemical products, and we've always stressed that the company's path to development is to continuously expand the industrial chain to the downstream and high-value-added sectors of the fluorinated industry, in addition to traditional second- and third-generation refrigerant products, four-generation refrigerants and fluorinated polymers, new materials, electrochemicals.
In the non-refrigerant sector, such as commodities, there has been a steady breakthrough in the stocking of high-value-added and fine-fluorinated industrial products, and progress has been made towards the creation of such projects as the tons-pvdf, the 10,000-tfe project, the planning of high-purity electronic gas projects and the fluorine-specific gas projects in the electronics sector, and the formation of the China-Multi-chip Technology Group in conjunction with the National Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund to build domestic electronics.
With the assets of this acquisition group, the Research Institute of Fluorine Industries, there is no doubt that it will further strengthen the company’s moats in the field of high-value-added fluorinated chemicals and chemical precision products, accelerate the transformation of the products and contribute early to the company’s performance. The company is at the bottom of its historical valuation, with long-cycle viewing of the company’s diverse product layout as a sustained support for future steady growth.
The company's refrigerant business has been defunct for six years, and the current supply and demand patterns have improved significantly, with a high concentration in the industry (e.g., the global share of domestic top3 in r134a is over 60%). We believe that the current point, in the context of a widespread cycle of product swings, is worth re-entering investors.
Visions. At present, the company ' s traditional refrigerant products are supported by good supply and demand patterns and rising prices of raw materials, fluorescent and hydrofluoric acids, with robust prices during the off-season period; non-refrigerant business performance continues to be released, fund-raising projects continue to produce, electronics companies, which are jointly financed with large funds, are expected to continue to generate investment returns, and the company ' s cyclical attributes are gradually weakening.
The valuation is at the bottom of history, with long-cycle viewing of the company's diverse product layout as a sustained support for future steady growth, maintaining the Academy's sales team.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.