Sales price uplifts, optimizes debt structure Paulie Development (stock code: 600048) Hu Hsiao-woo
In the case of stock items, the company sells 51.4 billion yuan and in the case of incremental projects 93.7 billion yuan, each of which represents a relatively deep 300-percent picture of sales, improving the efficiency of degeneration; in the case of incremental projects, the company sells incrementally the boost and improves the quality of its sales from the city.
See, the 38 core cities of the company have a 92% sales ratio, and the nine core cities of Shanghai, Guangzhou, Chengdu and others have a high quality of land: in the first half of 2025, 26 new projects were added to the company, covering an area of 2.28 million squares, and the total was stable at a higher level in the company in recent years.
Eight of them are located in the first-line city, where the quality of the land is high. In terms of investment intensity, the company is active in terms of the gross land price. According to the company’s hand-held projects, by the end of the first half of 2025, the company had 5,855 million items to be sold, of which the incremental items were worth 8.94 million.
1. [Galactic Real Estate] Company rating: optimized soil storage structure, sustained pressure reduction Financing smooth debt architecture optimization: 1) leveraged level down to the end of the first half of 2025, company rating 2. [Galactic Real Estate] company rating: drops in revenue, investment maintains high power
Debt-transferable, $8.5 billion issued, 6-year combined cost of 2.32 per cent; and issuance of corporate debt and interest ratios - 3-quarter review of Paulie ' s 2024 report.
At the end of the first half of the year, the balance of operating property loans was $33.9 billion. By 2025, the first half of the investment pace had been increased by the first half of the year.
The average cost of the company ' s additional interest-bearing liabilities was 2.71 per cent in the first half of 2025, and as of the end of the year it continued to drive asset-based development: the growth of rich revenues from real estate operations. By the end of the first half of 2025, the company was operating 5.73 million areas; the business situation included hotels, shopping malls, writing buildings, rental housing.
By the end of the first half of the month of 2025, the real estate services have continued to grow marketable.
Investment proposal: The net profit of the company's parent is affected by factors such as the Māori rate. The firm's sales price rises, the quality of its investments is high, the financial structure continues to be optimized, and the financing costs go down steadily.
We maintain the company ' s net return profit of $5,113 million in 2025-2027, and we have committed ourselves to producing this report independently and objectively and in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the report ' s specific recommendations or views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.