China
China Vanke-A
ADD (no change)
Weak results dragged by tax and MI
Vanke A's 1H19 results came in lower than expected with 11% earnings
growth on higher-than-expected LAT provision and minority interests.
We think Vanke should spin off its property management unit to unlock its
huge potential value as the unit could fetch a price of at least 22x FY20 P/E.
Maintain Add with a lower TP of Rmb32.6, based on 9x FY19 P/E.
Weaker-than-expected results
Vanke A announced a weaker-than-expected set of results, with 1H19 core net profit
rising 11% yoy to Rmb11.6bn, 5% below our estimate, on the back of higher-than-
expected LAT provision and minority interests. 1H19 core net profit formed 30% of our
FY19F. Net gearing was stable at 35% as at end-Jun 19.
Lower margins ahead
Its gross margin pre-land appreciation tax (LAT) was 28%, 1% pts above our estimate,
due to the recognition of property sales in 2017 and 1H18 when the property market was
Key changes in this note
very strong. Its high gross margin is unlikely to be sustained considering surging land
FY19-21F EPS decreased by 5-9%
costs, so we expect it to decline by 2% pts p.a. on average over FY19-21F.
Slow contracted sales growth on its high sales base
Vanke achieved contracted sales of Rmb382bn in 1H19, up 9% yoy. Contracted sales
had grown at 29% CAGR in FY13-18. Given the high base, we expect high single-digit
contracted sales growth in FY19-21F. As of end-Jun, it had sizeable unbooked sales of
Rmb622bn. We expect most of this to be recognised in 2H19F and FY20F. Thus, we
estimate that it has locked in over 95% of FY19F earnings and 50% of FY20F earnings.
Vanke should spin off its property management unit
Its property management (PM) unit's revenue rose 27% yoy to Rmb5.3bn in 1H19. We
expect the unit's revenue to surge to Rmb12bn in FY20F. Assuming a 10% net profit
margin and a target P/E of 22x for large-scale PM companies in FY20F, this unit may be
worth c.Rmb30bn. In our view, Vanke should consider spinning off the unit due to
favourable valuations for PM companies.
Contribution from other businesses remains low
It also owns a set of non-property development businesses, such as long-term rental
housing, logistics and warehousing. However, they accounted for only 5% of its total
revenue in 1H19. We think management should put more effort into improving overall
earnings contribution in the medium- to long-term.
Remain Add
We cut our FY19-21F EPS by 5-9% to reflect higher tax and finance costs as well as its
s.d. above its 5-year avg). Key catalysts include stronger-than-expected contracted sales
growth. Key downside risks include further tightening policies imposed by the
government.
Analyst(s)
Raymond CHENG, CFA
Jeffrey MAK
Will CHU
SOURCES: CGS-CIMB RESEARCH, COMPANY REPORTS
SOURCES: CGS-CIMB RESEARCH, BLOOMBERG, COMPANY REPORTS
BY THE NUMBERS
SOURCES: CGS-CIMB RESEARCH, COMPANY REPORTS
SOURCES: CGS-CIMB RESEARCH, COMPANY REPORTS
Property Development | China
DISCLAIMER
The content of this report (including the views and opinions expressed therein, and the information comprised therein) has been prepared by and
belongs to CGS-CIMB. Reports relating to a specific geographical area are produced and distributed by the corresponding CGS-CIMB entity as
listed in the table below.
This report is not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any locality,
state, country or other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to law or regulation.
By accepting this report, the recipient hereof represents and warrants that he is entitled to receive such report in accordance with the restrictions set
forth below and agrees to be bound by the limitations contained herein (including the "Restrictions on Distributions" set out below). Any failure to
comply with these limitations may constitute a violation of law. This publication is being supplied to you strictly on the basis that it will remain
confidential. No part of this report may be (i) copied, photocopied, duplicated, stored or reproduced in any form by any means or (ii) redistributed or
passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other person in whole or in part, for any purpose without the prior written consent of CGS-CIMB.
The information contained in this research report is prepared from data believed to be correct and reliable at the time of issue of this report. CGS-
CIMB may or may not issue regular reports on the subject matter of this report at any frequency and may cease to do so or change the periodicity of
reports at any time. CGS-CIMB has no obligation to update this report in the event of a material change to the information contained in this report.
CGS-CIMB does not accept any obligation to (i) check or ensure that the contents of this report remain current, reliable or relevant, (ii) ensure that
the content of this report constitutes all the information a prospective investor may require, (iii) ensure the adequacy, accuracy, completeness,
reliability or fairness of any views, opinions and information, and accordingly, CGS-CIMB, its affiliates and related persons including China Galaxy
International Financial Holdings Limited ("CGIFHL") and CIMB Group Sdn. Bhd. ("CIMBG") and their respective related corporations (and their
respective directors, associates, connected persons and/or employees) shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever for any consequences
(including but not limited to any direct, indirect or consequential losses, loss of profits and damages) of any reliance thereon or usage thereof. In
particular, CGS-CIMB disclaims all responsibility and liability for the views and opinions set out in this report.
Unless otherwise specified, this report is based upon sources which CGS-CIMB considers to be reasonable. Such sources will, unless otherwise
specified, for market data, be market data and prices available from the main stock exchange or market where the relevant security is listed, or,
where appropriate, any other market. Information on the accounts and business of company(ies) will generally be based on published statements of
the company(ies), information disseminated by regulatory information services, other publicly available information and information resulting from our
research.
Whilst every effort is made to ensure that statements of facts made in this report are accurate, all estimates, projections, forecasts, expressions of
opinion and other subjective judgments contained in this report are based on assumptions considered to be reasonable as of the date of the
document in which they are contained and must not be construed as a representation that the matters referred to therein will occur. Past
performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The value of investments may go down as well as up and those investing may,
depending on the investments in question, lose more than the initial investment. No report shall constitute an offer or an invitation by or on behalf of
CGS-CIMB or any of its affiliates (including CGIFHL, CIMBG and their respective related corporations) to any person to buy or sell any investments.
CGS-CIMB, its affiliates and related corporations (including CGIFHL, CIMBG and their respective related corporations) and/or their respective
directors, associates, connected parties and/or employees may own or have positions in securities of the company(ies) covered in this research
report or any securities related thereto and may from time to time add to or dispose of, or may be materially interested in, any such securities.
Further, CGS-CIMB, its affiliates and their respective related corporations (including CGIFHL, CIMBG and their respective related corporations) do
and seek to do business with the company(ies) covered in this research report and may from time to time act as market maker or have assumed an
underwriting commitment in securities of such company(ies), may sell them to or buy them from customers on a principal basis and may also
perform or seek to perform significant investment banking, advisory, underwriting or placement services for or relating to such company(ies) as well
as solicit such investment, advisory or other services from any entity mentioned in this report.
CGS-CIMB or its affiliates (including CGIFHL, CIMBG and their respective related corporations) may enter into an agreement with the company(ies)
covered in this report relating to the production of research reports. CGS-CIMB may disclose the contents of this report to the company(ies) covered
by it and may have amended the contents of this report following such disclosure.
The analyst responsible for the production of this report hereby certifies that the views expressed herein accurately and exclusively reflect his or her
personal views and opinions about any and all of the issuers or securities analysed in this report and were prepared independently and
autonomously. No part of the compensation of the analyst(s) was, is, or will be directly or indirectly related to the inclusion of specific
recommendations(s) or view(s) in this report. The analyst(s) who prepared this research report is prohibited from receiving any compensation,
incentive or bonus based on specific investment banking transactions or for providing a specific recommendation for, or view of, a particular
company. Information barriers and other arrangements may be established where necessary to prevent conflicts of interests arising. However, the
analyst(s) may receive compensation that is based on his/their coverage of company(ies) in the performance of his/their duties or the performance of
his/their recommendations and the research personnel involved in the preparation of this report may also participate in the solicitation of the
businesses as described above. In reviewing this research report, an investor should be aware that any or all of the foregoing, among other things,
may give rise to real or potential conflicts of interest. Additional information is, subject to the duties of confidentiality, available on request.
Reports relating to a specific geographical area are produced by the corresponding CGS-CIMB entity as listed in the table below. The term "CGS-
CIMB" shall denote, where appropriate, the relevant entity distributing or disseminating the report in the particular jurisdiction referenced below, or, in
every other case except as otherwise stated herein, CGS-CIMB Securities International Pte. Ltd. and its affiliates, subsidiaries and related
corporations.
Property Development | China
Other Significant Financial Interests:
(i) As of July 31, 2019 CGS-CIMB has a proprietary position in the securities (which may include but not limited to shares, warrants, call warrants
and/or any other derivatives) in the following company or companies covered or recommended in this report:
(a) -
(ii) Analyst Disclosure: As of August 21, 2019, the analyst(s) who prepared this report, and the associate(s), has / have an interest in the securities
(which may include but not limited to shares, warrants, call warrants and/or any other derivatives) in the following company or companies covered or
recommended in this report:
(a) -
This report does not purport to contain all the information that a prospective investor may require. Neither CGS-CIMB nor any of its affiliates
(including CGIFHL, CIMBG and their related corporations) make any guarantee, representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the adequacy,
accuracy, completeness, reliability or fairness of any such information and opinion contained in this report. Neither CGS-CIMB nor any of its affiliates
nor their related persons (including CGIFHL, CIMBG and their related corporations) shall be liable in any manner whatsoever for any consequences
(including but not limited to any direct, indirect or consequential losses, loss of profits and damages) of any reliance thereon or usage thereof.
This report is general in nature and has been prepared for information purposes only. It is intended for circulation amongst CGS-CIMB's clients
generally and does not have regard to the specific investment objectives, financial situation and the particular needs of any specific person who may
receive this report. The information and opinions in this report are not and should not be construed or considered as an offer, recommendation or
solicitation to buy or sell the subject securities, related investments or other financial instruments or any derivative instrument, or any rights
pertaining thereto.
Investors are advised to make their own independent evaluation of the information contained in this research report, consider their own individual
investment objectives, financial situation and particular needs and consult their own professional and financial advisers as to the legal, business,
financial, tax and other aspects before participating in any transaction in respect of the securities of company(ies) covered in this research report.
The securities of such company(ies) may not be eligible for sale in all jurisdictions or to all categories of investors.
Restrictions on Distributions
Australia: Despite anything in this report to the contrary, this research is provided in Australia by CGS-CIMB Securities (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. and
CGS-CIMB Securities (Hong Kong) Limited. This research is only available in Australia to persons who are "wholesale clients" (within the meaning of
the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and is supplied solely for the use of such wholesale clients and shall not be distributed or passed on to any other
person. You represent and warrant that if you are in Australia, you are a "wholesale client". This research is of a general nature only and has been
prepared without taking into account the objectives, financial situation or needs of the individual recipient. CGS-CIMB Securities (Singapore) Pte.
Ltd. and CGS-CIMB Securities (Hong Kong) Limited do not hold, and are not required to hold an Australian financial services license. CGS-CIMB
Securities (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. and CGS-CIMB Securities (Hong Kong) Limited rely on "passporting" exemptions for entities appropriately licensed
by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (under ASIC Class Order 03/1102) and the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong (under ASIC
Class Order 03/1103).
Canada: This research report has not been prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements of Dealer Member Rule 3400 - Research
Restrictions and Disclosure Requirements of the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada. For any research report distributed by
China: For the purpose of this report, the People's Republic of China ("PRC") does not include the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the
Macau Special Administrative Region or Taiwan. The distributor of this report has not been approved or licensed by the China Securities Regulatory
Commission or any other relevant regulatory authority or governmental agency in the PRC. This report contains only marketing information. The
distribution of this report is not an offer to buy or sell to any person within or outside PRC or a solicitation to any person within or outside of PRC to
buy or sell any instruments described herein. This report is being issued outside the PRC to a limited number of institutional investors and may not
be provided to any person other than the original recipient and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose.
France: Only qualified investors within the meaning of French law shall have access to this report. This report shall not be considered as an offer to
subscribe to, or used in connection with, any offer for subscription or sale or marketing or direct or indirect distribution of financial instruments and it
is not intended as a solicitation for the purchase of any financial instrument.
Germany: This report is only directed at persons who are professional investors as defined in sec 31a(2) of the German Securities Trading Act
(WpHG). This publication constitutes research of a non-binding nature on the market situation and the investment instruments cited here at the time
of the publication of the information.
The current prices/yields in this issue are based upon closing prices from Bloomberg as of the day preceding publication. Please note that neither
the German Federal Financial Supervisory Agency (BaFin), nor any other supervisory authority exercises any control over the content of this report.
Hong Kong: This report is issued and distributed in Hong Kong by CGS-CIMB Securities (Hong Kong) Limited ("CHK") which is licensed in Hong
Kong by the Securities and Futures Commission for Type 1 (dealing in securities), Type 4 (advising on securities) and Type 6 (advising on corporate
finance) activities. Any investors wishing to purchase or otherwise deal in the securities covered in this report should contact the Head of Sales at
Property Development | China
CGS-CIMB Securities (Hong Kong) Limited. The views and opinions in this research report are our own as of the date hereof and are subject to
change. If the Financial Services and Markets Act of the United Kingdom or the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority apply to a recipient, our
obligations owed to such recipient therein are unaffected. CHK has no obligation to update its opinion or the information in this research report.
This publication is strictly confidential and is for private circulation only to clients of CHK.
CHK does not make a market on other securities mentioned in the report.
None of the analyst(s) or the associates serve as an officer of the listed corporation mentioned in this report.
CIMB does not have an officer serving in any of the listed corporation mentioned in this report
CIMB does not receive any compensation or other benefits from any of the listed corporation mentioned, relating to the production of research
reports.
India: This report is issued and distributed in India by CGS-CIMB Securities (India) Private Limited ("CGS-CIMB India"). CGS-CIMB India is a
subsidiary of CGS-CIMB Securities International Pte. Ltd. which is in turn is a 50:50 joint venture company of CGIFHL and CIMBG. The details of the
companies
CGS-CIMB
can
found
members
the
group
CGIFHL
National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited as a trading and clearing member (Merchant Banking Number: INM000012037) under
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Stock Brokers and Sub-Brokers) Regulations, 1992. In accordance with the provisions of Regulation
4(q) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Investment Advisers) Regulations, 2013, CGS-CIMB India is not required to seek registration
with the Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI") as an Investment Adviser. CGS-CIMB India is registered with SEBI (SEBI Registration
Number: INZ000157134) as a Research Analyst (INH00000669) pursuant to the SEBI (Research Analysts) Regulations, 2014 ("Regulations").
This report does not take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of the recipients. It is not intended for and
does not deal with prohibitions on investment due to law/jurisdiction issues etc. which may exist for certain persons/entities. Recipients should rely
on their own investigations and take their own professional advice before investment.
The report is not a "prospectus" as defined under Indian Law, including the Companies Act, 2013, and is not, and shall not be, approved by, or filed
or registered with, any Indian regulator, including any Registrar of Companies in India, SEBI, any Indian stock exchange, or the Reserve Bank of
India. No offer, or invitation to offer, or solicitation of subscription with respect to any such securities listed or proposed to be listed in India is being
made, or intended to be made, to the public, or to any member or section of the public in India, through or pursuant to this report.
The research analysts, strategists or economists principally responsible for the preparation of this research report are segregated from the other
activities of CGS-CIMB India and they have received compensation based upon various factors, including quality, accuracy and value of research,
firm profitability or revenues, client feedback and competitive factors. Research analysts', strategists' or economists' compensation is not linked to
investment banking or capital markets transactions performed or proposed to be performed by CGS-CIMB India or its affiliates.
CGS-CIMB India does not have actual / beneficial ownership of 1% or more securities of the subject company in this research report, at the end of
the month immediately preceding the date of publication of this research report. However, since affiliates of CGS-CIMB India are engaged in the
financial services business, they might have in their normal course of business financial interests or actual / beneficial ownership of one per cent or
more in various companies including the subject company in this research report.
CGS-CIMB India or its associates, may: (a) from time to time, have long or short position in, and buy or sell the securities of the subject company in
this research report; or (b) be engaged in any other transaction involving such securities and earn brokerage or other compensation or act as a
market maker in the financial instruments of the subject company in this research report or act as an advisor or lender/borrower to such company or
may have any other potential conflict of interests with respect to any recommendation and other related information and opinions.
CGS-CIMB India, its associates and the analyst engaged in preparation of this research report have not received any compensation for investment
banking, merchant banking or brokerage services from the subject company mentioned in the research report in the past 12 months.
CGS-CIMB India, its associates and the analyst engaged in preparation of this research report have not managed or co-managed public offering of
securities for the subject company mentioned in the research report in the past 12 months. The analyst from CGS-CIMB India engaged in
preparation of this research report or his/her relative (a) do not have any financial interests in the subject company mentioned in this research report;
(b) do not own 1% or more of the equity securities of the subject company mentioned in the research report as of the last day of the month preceding
the publication of the research report; (c) do not have any material conflict of interest at the time of publication of the research report.
Indonesia: This report is issued and distributed by PT CGS-CIMB Sekuritas Indonesia ("CGS-CIMB Indonesia"). The views and opinions in this
research report are our own as of the date hereof and are subject to change. CGS-CIMB Indonesia has no obligation to update its opinion or the
information in this research report. This report is for private circulation only to clients of CGS-CIMB Indonesia. Neither this report nor any copy hereof
may be distributed in Indonesia or to any Indonesian citizens wherever they are domiciled or to Indonesian residents except in compliance with
applicable Indonesian capital market laws and regulations.
This research report is not an offer of securities in Indonesia. The securities referred to in this research report have not been registered with the
Financial Services Authority (Otoritas Jasa Keuangan) pursuant to relevant capital market laws and regulations, and may not be offered or sold
within the territory of the Republic of Indonesia or to Indonesian citizens through a public offering or in circumstances which constitute an offer within
the meaning of the Indonesian capital market law and regulations.
Ireland: CGS-CIMB is not an investment firm authorised in the Republic of Ireland and no part of this document should be construed as CGS-CIMB
acting as, or otherwise claiming or representing to be, an investment firm authorised in the Republic of Ireland.
Malaysia: This report is distributed in Malaysia by CGS-CIMB Securities Sdn. Bhd. (formerly known as Jupiter Securities Sdn. Bhd.) ("CGS-CIMB
Malaysia") solely for the benefit of and for the exclusive use of our clients. Recipients of this report are to contact CGS-CIMB Malaysia, at 29th Floor
Menara CIMB No. 1 Jalan Stesen Sentral 2, Kuala Lumpur Sentral 50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, in respect of any matters arising from or in
connection with this report. CGS-CIMB Malaysia has no obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its opinion or the information in this research reports
after the date of this report.
New Zealand: In New Zealand, this report is for distribution only to persons who are wholesale clients pursuant to section 5C of the Financial
Advisers Act 2008.
Property Development | China
Singapore: This report is issued and distributed by CGS-CIMB Research Pte Ltd ("CGS-CIMBR"). CGS-CIMBR is a financial adviser licensed under
the Financial Advisers Act, Cap 110 ("FAA") for advising on investment products, by issuing or promulgating research analyses or research reports,
whether in electronic, print or other form. Accordingly CGS-CIMBR is a subject to the applicable rules under the FAA unless it is able to avail itself to
any prescribed exemptions.
Recipients of this report are to contact CGS-CIMB Research Pte Ltd, 50 Raffles Place, #16-02 Singapore Land Tower, Singapore in respect of any
matters arising from, or in connection with this report. CGS-CIMBR has no obligation to update its opinion or the information in this research report.
This publication is strictly confidential and is for private circulation only. If you have not been sent this report by CGS-CIMBR directly, you may not
rely, use or disclose to anyone else this report or its contents.
If the recipient of this research report is not an accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor, CGS-CIMBR accepts legal responsibility
for the contents of the report without any disclaimer limiting or otherwise curtailing such legal responsibility. If the recipient is an accredited investor,
expert investor or institutional investor, the recipient is deemed to acknowledge that CGS-CIMBR is exempt from certain requirements under the FAA
and its attendant regulations, and as such, is exempt from complying with the following:
(a) Section 25 of the FAA (obligation to disclose product information);
(b) Section 27 (duty not to make recommendation with respect to any investment product without having a reasonable basis where you may be
reasonably expected to rely on the recommendation) of the FAA;
(c) MAS Notice on Information to Clients and Product Information Disclosure [Notice No. FAA-N03];
(d) MAS Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products [Notice No. FAA-N16];
(e) Section 36 (obligation on disclosure of interest in specified products), and
(f) any other laws, regulations, notices, directive, guidelines, circulars and practice notes which are relates to the above, to the extent permitted by
applicable laws, as may be amended from time to time, and any other laws, regulations, notices, directive, guidelines, circulars, and practice notes
as we may notify you from time to time. In addition, the recipient who is an accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor acknowledges
that as CGS-CIMBR is exempt from Section 27 of the FAA, the recipient will also not be able to file a civil claim against CGS-CIMBR for any loss or
damage arising from the recipient's reliance on any recommendation made by CGS-CIMBR which would otherwise be a right that is available to the
recipient under Section 27 of the FAA, the recipient will also not be able to file a civil claim against CGS-CIMBR for any loss or damage arising from
the recipient's reliance on any recommendation made by CGS-CIMBR which would otherwise be a right that is available to the recipient under
Section 27 of the FAA.
CGS-CIMBR, its affiliates and related corporations, their directors, associates, connected parties and/or employees may own or have positions in
specified products of the company(ies) covered in this research report or any specified products related thereto and may from time to time add to or
dispose of, or may be materially interested in, any such specified products. Further, CGS-CIMBR, its affiliates and its related corporations do and
seek to do business with the company(ies) covered in this research report and may from time to time act as market maker or have assumed an
underwriting commitment in specified products of such company(ies), may sell them to or buy them from customers on a principal basis and may
also perform or seek to perform significant investment banking, advisory, underwriting or placement services for or relating to such company(ies) as
well as solicit such investment, advisory or other services from any entity mentioned in this report.
As of August 21, 2019, CGS-CIMBR does not have a proprietary position in the recommended specified products in this report.
CGS-CIMBR does not make a market on the securities mentioned in the report.
South Korea: This report is issued and distributed in South Korea by CGS-CIMB Securities (Hong Kong) Limited, Korea Branch ("CGS-CIMB
Korea") which is licensed as a cash equity broker, and regulated by the Financial Services Commission and Financial Supervisory Service of Korea.
In South Korea, this report is for distribution only to professional investors under Article 9(5) of the Financial Investment Services and Capital Market
Act of Korea ("FSCMA").
Spain: This document is a research report and it is addressed to institutional investors only. The research report is of a general nature and not
personalised and does not constitute investment advice so, as the case may be, the recipient must seek proper advice before adopting any
investment decision. This document does not constitute a public offering of securities.
CGS-CIMB is not registered with the Spanish Comision Nacional del Mercado de Valores to provide investment services
Sweden: This report contains only marketing information and has not been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority. The
distribution of this report is not an offer to sell to any person in Sweden or a solicitation to any person in Sweden to buy any instruments described
herein and may not be forwarded to the public in Sweden.
Switzerland: This report has not been prepared in accordance with the recognized self-regulatory minimal standards for research reports of banks
issued by the Swiss Bankers' Association (Directives on the Independence of Financial Research).
Thailand: This report is issued and distributed by CGS-CIMB Securities (Thailand) Co. Ltd. ("CGS-CIMB Thailand") based upon sources believed to
be reliable (but their accuracy, completeness or correctness is not guaranteed). The statements or expressions of opinion herein were arrived at after
due and careful consideration for use as information for investment. Such opinions are subject to change without notice and CGS-CIMB Thailand
has no obligation to update its opinion or the information in this research report.
CGS-CIMB Thailand may act or acts as Market Maker, and issuer and offerer of Derivative Warrants and Structured Note which may have the
following securities as its underlying securities. Investors should carefully read and study the details of the derivative warrants in the prospectus
before making investment decisions.
AAV, ADVANC, AEONTS, AMATA, ANAN, AOT, AP, BANPU, BBL, BCH, BCP, BCPG, BDMS, BEAUTY, BEC, BEM, BGRIM, BH, BJC, BLAND, BPP,
BTS, CBG, CENTEL, CHG, CK, CKP, COM7, CPALL, CPF, CPN, DELTA, DTAC, EA, EGCO, EPG, ERW, ESSO, GFPT, GLOBAL, GPSC, GULF,
GUNKUL, HANA, HMPRO, INTUCH, IRPC, IVL, JAS, JMT, KBANK, KCE, KKP, KTB, KTC, LH, MAJOR, MBK, MEGA, MINT, MTC, ORI, OSP,
PLANB, PRM, PSH, PSL, PTG, PTT, PTTEP, PTTGC, QH, RATCH, ROBINS, RS, SAWAD, SCB, SCC, SGP, SIRI, SPALI, SPRC, STA, STEC,
SUPER, TASCO, TCAP, THAI, THANI, TISCO, TKN, TMB, TOA, TOP, TPIPP, TRUE, TTW, TU, TVO, WHA.
Corporate Governance Report:
The disclosure of the survey result of the Thai Institute of Directors Association ("IOD") regarding corporate governance is made pursuant to the
Property Development | China
policy of the Office of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The survey of the IOD is based on the information of a company listed on the Stock
Exchange of Thailand and the Market for Alternative Investment disclosed to the public and able to be accessed by a general public investor. The
result, therefore, is from the perspective of a third party. It is not an evaluation of operation and is not based on inside information.
The survey result is as of the date appearing in the Corporate Governance Report of Thai Listed Companies. As a result, the survey result may be
changed after that date. CGS-CIMB Thailand does not confirm nor certify the accuracy of such survey result.
United Arab Emirates: The distributor of this report has not been approved or licensed by the UAE Central Bank or any other relevant licensing
authorities or governmental agencies in the United Arab Emirates. This report is strictly private and confidential and has not been reviewed by,
deposited or registered with UAE Central Bank or any other licensing authority or governmental agencies in the United Arab Emirates. This report is
being issued outside the United Arab Emirates to a limited number of institutional investors and must not be provided to any person other than the
original recipient and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. Further, the information contained in this report is not intended to lead to
the sale of investments under any subscription agreement or the conclusion of any other contract of whatsoever nature within the territory of the
United Arab Emirates.
United Kingdom and European Economic Area (EEA): In the United Kingdom and European Economic Area, this material is also being
distributed by CGS-CIMB Securities (UK) Limited ("CGS-CIMB UK"). CGS-CIMB UK is authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority
and its registered office is at 27 Knightsbridge, London, SW1X7YB. The material distributed by CGS-CIMB UK has been prepared in accordance
with CGS-CIMB's policies for managing conflicts of interest arising as a result of publication and distribution of this material. This material is for
distribution only to, and is solely directed at, selected persons on the basis that those persons: (a) are eligible counterparties and professional clients
of CGS-CIMB UK; (b) have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and
Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the "Order"), (c) fall within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) ("high net worth companies,
unincorporated associations etc") of the Order; (d) are outside the United Kingdom subject to relevant regulation in each jurisdiction, material(all
such persons together being referred to as "relevant persons"). This material is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied
on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this material relates is available only to relevant persons
and will be engaged in only with relevant persons.
Where this material is labelled as non-independent, it does not provide an impartial or objective assessment of the subject matter and does not
constitute independent "research" (cannot remove research from here under the applicable rules of the Financial Conduct Authority in the UK.
Consequently, any such non-independent material will not have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the
independence of research (cannot remove research from here) and will not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead of the dissemination of
research. Any such non-independent material must be considered as a marketing communication.
United States: This research report is distributed in the United States of America by CGS-CIMB Securities (USA) Inc, a U.S. registered broker-
dealer and a related company of CGS-CIMB Securities Sdn. Bhd. (formerly known as Jupiter Securities Sdn. Bhd.), CGS-CIMB Research Pte Ltd,
PT CGS-CIMB Sekuritas Indonesia, CGS-CIMB Securities (Thailand) Co. Ltd, CGS-CIMB Securities (Hong Kong) Limited and CGS-CIMB Securities
(India) Private Limited, and is distributed solely to persons who qualify as "U.S. Institutional Investors" as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934. This communication is only for Institutional Investors whose ordinary business activities involve investing in shares,
bonds, and associated securities and/or derivative securities and who have professional experience in such investments. Any person who is not a
U.S. Institutional Investor or Major Institutional Investor must not rely on this communication. The delivery of this research report to any person in the
United States of America is not a recommendation to effect any transactions in the securities discussed herein, or an endorsement of any opinion
expressed herein. CGS-CIMB Securities (USA) Inc, is a FINRA/SIPC member and takes responsibility for the content of this report. For further
information or to place an order in any of the above-mentioned securities please contact a registered representative of CGS-CIMB Securities (USA)
Inc.
CGS-CIMB Securities (USA) Inc. does not make a market on other securities mentioned in the report.
CGS-CIMB Securities (USA) Inc. has not managed or co-managed a public offering of any of the securities mentioned in the past 12 months.
months.
CGS-CIMB Securities (USA) Inc. neither expects to receive nor intends to seek compensation for investment banking services from any of the
company mentioned within the next 3 months.
Other jurisdictions: In any other jurisdictions, except if otherwise restricted by laws or regulations, this report is only for distribution to professional,
institutional or sophisticated investors as defined in the laws and regulations of such jurisdictions.
Spitzer Chart for stock being researched (2 year data)
Corporate Governance Report of Thai Listed Companies (CGR). CG Rating by the Thai Institute of Directors Association (Thai IOD) in
ADVANC - Excellent, Certified, AEONTS - Good, n/a, AH - Very Good, n/a, AMATA - Excellent, Declared, ANAN - Excellent, Declared, AOT -
Excellent, Declared, AP - Excellent, Certified, ASP - Very Good, Certified, BANPU - Excellent, Certified, BAY - Excellent, Certified, BBL - Very
Good, Certified, BCH - Good, Certified, BCP - Excellent, Certified, BCPG - Excellent, Certified, BEM - Very Good, n/a, BDMS - Very Good, n/a,
BEAUTY - Good, n/a, BEC - Very Good, n/a, , BGRIM - Very Good, Declared, BH - Good, n/a, BJC - Very Good, Declared, BJCHI - Very Good,
Certified, BLA - Very Good, Certified, BPP - Very Good, Declared, BR - Good, Declared, BTS - Excellent, Certified, CBG - Very Good, n/a, CCET
- Good, n/a, CENTEL - Very Good, Certified, CHG - Very Good, Declared, CK - Excellent, n/a, COL - Excellent, Declared, CPALL - Very Good,
Certified, CPF - Excellent, Certified, CPN - Excellent, Certified, DELTA - Excellent, n/a, DEMCO - Excellent, Certified, DDD - Very Good, Declared,
DIF - not available, n/a, DREIT - not available, n/a, DTAC - Excellent, Certified, EA - Excellent, n/a, ECL - Very Good, Certified, EGCO -
Excellent, Certified, EPG - Very Good, n/a, ERW - Very Good, n/a, GFPT - Excellent, Certified, GGC - Excellent, Certified, GLOBAL - Very Good,
n/a, GLOW - Very Good, Certified, GPSC - Excellent, Certified, GULF - Very Good, n/a, GUNKUL - Excellent, Certified, HANA - Excellent,
Certified, HMPRO - Excellent, Certified, HREIT - Excellent, Certified ICHI - Excellent, Declared, HUMAN - not available, n/a, III - Good, n/a,
INTUCH - Excellent, Certified, IRPC - Excellent, Certified, ITD* - Very Good, n/a, IVL - Excellent, Certified, JASIF - not available, n/a, JWD - Very
Good, n/a, KBANK - Excellent, Certified, KCE - Excellent, Certified, KKP - Excellent, Certified, KSL - Excellent, Certified, KTB - Excellent,
Certified, KTC – Excellent, Certified, LH - Very Good, n/a, LPN – Excellent, Certified, M – Very Good, Certified, MACO – Very Good, n/a, MAJOR –
Very Good, n/a, MAKRO – Excellent, Declared, MALEE – Very Good, Certified, MC – Very Good, Certified, MCOT – Excellent, Certified, MEGA –
Very Good, n/a, MINT - Excellent, Certified, MTC - Excellent, Declared, NETBAY - Good, n/a, OSP - not available, n/a, PLANB - Excellent,
Declared, PLAT – Very Good, Certified, PR9 – not available, n/a, PSH – Excellent, Certified, PSTC – Good, Certified, PTT - Excellent, Certified,
PTTEP - Excellent, Certified, PTTGC - Excellent, Certified, QH - Excellent, Certified, RATCH - Excellent, Certified, ROBINS - Excellent, Certified,
RS - Very Good, n/a, RSP - not available, n/a, S - Very Good, n/a, SAMART - Excellent, n/a, SAPPE - Very Good, Declared, SAT - Excellent,
Certified, SAWAD - Very Good, n/a, SC - Excellent, Declared, SCB - Excellent, Certified, SCC - Excellent, Certified, SCN - Very Good, Certified,
SF - Good, n/a, SIRI - Very Good, Certified, SPA - Good, n/a, SPALI - Excellent, n/a, SPRC - Excellent, Certified, STA - Very Good, Certified,
STEC - Excellent, n/a, SVI - Excellent, Certified, SYNEX - Very Good, Declared, TASCO - Excellent, Certified, TCAP - Excellent, Certified, THANI
Excellent, Certified, TIPCO - Very Good, Certified, TISCO - Excellent, Certified, TKN - Very Good, Declared, TMB - Excellent, Certified, TNR -
Very Good, Declared, TOP - Excellent, Certified, TPCH - Good, n/a, TPIPP - Good, n/a, TRUE - Excellent, Certified, TU - Excellent, Certified, TVO
- Very Good, Declared, UNIQ - Good, n/a, VGI - Excellent, Certified, WHA - Excellent, Certified, WHART - not available, n/a, WICE - Very Good,
Certified, WORK – Good, n/a.
Companies participating in Thailand's Private Sector Collective Action Coalition Against Corruption programme (Thai CAC) under Thai Institute of Directors (as of August
31, 2018) are categorized into:
- Companies that have declared their intention to join CAC, and
- Companies certified by CAC
Property Development | China
Recommendation Framework
Definition:
Stock Ratings
Add
The stock's total return is expected to exceed 10% over the next 12 months.
Hold
The stock's total return is expected to be between 0% and positive 10% over the next 12 months.
Reduce
The stock's total return is expected to fall below 0% or more over the next 12 months.
The total expected return of a stock is defined as the sum of the: (i) percentage difference between the target price and the current price and (ii) the forward net
dividend yields of the stock. Stock price targets have an investment horizon of 12 months.
Sector Ratings
Definition:
Overweight
An Overweight rating means stocks in the sector have, on a market cap-weighted basis, a positive absolute recommendation.
Neutral
A Neutral rating means stocks in the sector have, on a market cap-weighted basis, a neutral absolute recommendation.
An Underweight rating means stocks in the sector have, on a market cap-weighted basis, a negative absolute recommendation.
Underweight
Country Ratings
Definition:
Overweight
An Overweight rating means investors should be positioned with an above-market weight in this country relative to benchmark.
Neutral
A Neutral rating means investors should be positioned with a neutral weight in this country relative to benchmark.
An Underweight rating means investors should be positioned with a below-market weight in this country relative to benchmark.
Underweight
#01c