The company publishes its 2023-year report.
q1 a year, the company earned $2.48 billion (+8%) of its operating income, resulting in a net profit of $143 million (+9%) from its mother; Māori has a stable rate and a reasonable charge to step up its research and development efforts. In 2023, the company ' s overall Māori rate was 26.26%, the same as in 22 years.
The Māori rate for software development, system integration and technology services was 61.79 per cent, a decrease of 12.94 pct compared to the previous year, which was better than that for large markets (first coverage). The decline in Māori rates was mainly due to the increase in sales of the dawn-and-swing cooler products.
Arithmetic server + Internet output is powerful, server + storage double-wheel drive. The rise of a big model of ai has led to a dynamic increase in the demand for algorithms, with the dawning gpu depth learning platform computing system using the dawn new generation of Xmachine high performance gpu servers forming a large-scale gpu training, reasoning cluster, and a wide range of different types of devices.
For operators, finance, energy, and the Internet. The company builds an innovative numeracy service platform, the National Platform for Integrated Arithmetic Services, which fully benefits from arithmetic nationalization and becomes a leader in arithmetic engineering.
The system and the development of tools store, in conjunction with the efficient database, framework, and components, enhances the capacity of the whole store.
Creates an industrial ecosystem for the "Heavy-End-Cloud" industry, with full coverage of the upper- and lower- center-and-down operations. The Division and the participating companies cover all aspects of the upstream chip, server hardware, and Io storage; central and middle cloud computing, big data, arithmetic service platforms; and a fully computing ecosystem for downstream cloud services.
Cpu+gpu services in charge of chip operations; middle and middle dawn light for liquid cold technology research and development, big data platforms, co-connected up and down with the arithmetic Internet for dawn and light cloud computing, cloud computing platform; downstream Chinese trinity, Chinese stomatography and the United Clouds are working together to create green energy savings.
Smart Modular Data Center, Digital Earth Strategy. Former pe 29/25/22 times each. We use pe valuation method to select comparable company waves and purple-light shares in the same industry as comparable companies, with an average of 28 times the average for 24 years.
The company has been focusing its research and development investment on high-end computing, storage, security, data centres, etc. for more than 20 years.
Several high-performance computers, universal servers, and storage core technological advantages, based on pre-emptive advantages, have led industry upgrading by integrating innovation and synergizing upstream and downstream ecology. At the same time, China and China have continuously upgraded their digital infrastructure capabilities in the fields of intelligent computing, cloud computing, and big data, providing centres of intelligence.
Corporate governance: Building on State capital, the industry experience of the core management team, State capital, and the relative fragmentation of the company’s shareholdings. China is one of the country’s high-technology enterprises founded by the Chinese Academy, which, as of 2024, q1, is owned by China’s subsidiary, China Bureau Asset Management Ltd.
Indirectly, the shares hold 16.36% of the shares of the company and are the actual shareholders in the company. The company corporate entity Cisco Ji (formerly Beijing City Dawn Computer Company) holds 3.8% of the company’s shares, while the current shareholder’s president and director holds 2.88% of the company’s shares, with a lower percentage.
The core management team is experienced and the board of directors has great resources for scientific research and industry. The chairman of China's science division is Mr. Li Guoji of the Academy of Sciences of the Third World, and he is the Dean of the Academy of Computers and Controls of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and he has been the director of the parallel computer for the development of the company's products, Dawn One, and the 1,000-thousand-scale parallel computer for the development of the company's products.
The current president and director is a student of Mr. Li Guoji, who graduated from Qinghua University in Applied Electronics Technology, in 1995 served in the Middle School, in 1996 in the war business, in Beijing Dawn, and in 2001 in Beijing.
In 2006, he joined Tianjin at dawn, with extensive management experience. Main business: arithmetic servers + strong computing power for Internet output, servers + storage of two-wheel drive companies dominated by high-end computers, storage products, software development and systems integration, supported by three major plates.
The company, with its accumulated research and development and industrialization over the years, has a well-developed product line for the base of the int architecture, not only with the ability to provide one-stop solutions, but also with the ability to customize research institutes, government departments, telecommunications, finance, energy, etc., from standard hardware to standard hardware systems.
In terms of high-performance computers, companies have successfully developed high-end computers, io modules, etc. based on home-grown processors, with product stability, high-speed interconnectivity, high-performance management performance;
For domestic liquid cold server taps, the company has developed liquid cold storage products, parastor 300s, which significantly reduce the storage system's pue value, or will have greater market space in the future, such as for IACs, data centre construction, etc. Cloud computing, which is based on many years of collaborative work with government departments, with the “city cloud” as the main business model.
The growth in performance was in line with expectations, with an excellent net profit performance of billions of yuan (+22 per cent); in 2024 alone, q1 saw corporate operating income of $2.48 billion (+8 per cent), net interest rates increased and management costs decreased. Corporate management was optimized, with sales of 26.26 per cent Māori versus 26.26 per cent.
As a result of interest income, growth in investment earnings and changes in tax policy, and to compensate for the adverse effects of the rising cost during the period, the net interest rate on sales remained at 23.32 per cent, a slight decrease of 0.48 pp. Figure 6: Māori rates for companies, changes in net interest rates
Figure 7: Changes in the company ' s three cost ratios (management costs, including R & D) Stability of the supply chain has led to an increase in operating cash flows and a decrease in contractual liabilities. The company ' s net cash flow was 1,233 billion yuan in 23 years, and its financing net cash flow was 147 million yuan.
Stabilizing, reducing the size of raw material hoarding, consuming up-front stocks, and purchasing lower commodity payments on the same basis. Net cash flows for financing were mainly due to the preparation of raw materials for the same period in the previous year, with larger bank borrowings; and, at the same time, corporate convergence of billions (change in share of total assets - 46.23 per cent), mainly due to the stabilization of the supply chain, reducing the stock of raw materials.
:: Profit forecasts: business growth is broad and profitability is further enhanced 1) high-performance computer and server operations: the business is the core business of the company and its whole chain-building industry
The business is a high-end server, such as the company’s Dawn Nebula, the Dawn 6,000 series, the personal high-performance computer (phpc), the gpu high-performance computer (ghpc). This type of product is now widely used in institutions of higher learning, research institutes, energy, finance, etc., and in 2022, the company’s high-performance computer business achieved 114.43.
In the future, the market space in the areas of digital infrastructure, e-government, business, and city informatization is still larger, and the market size of the ai server is expected to grow. Companies have a strong technological and product advantage in high-performance computers, and this business will continue to be the backbone of corporate revenue, and we anticipate that it will continue to be the main source of revenue.
2) Storage equipment: This business is a storage product developed in the face of different client groups, consisting of traditional disk arrays, backup disaster storage, parallel storage and high-density storage servers, and one that has made significant progress in recent years, i.e. large model storage, liquid cold storage, etc.
The business-wide model flash storage platform, with excellent performance. As the ai is further developed, storage needs are still strong, and we expect the business revenue to grow at a rate of 12 per cent, while the Māori rate remains at 27 per cent. 3) Software development and system integration: the business refers to software development, system integration and technology around high-end computers.
For example, technology services, companies provide system software platform customization services and high-end computer integration services according to the different needs of downstream customers. As company-owned business continues to grow and market recognition increases further, the business is expected to grow at a rate of 5 per cent and maintain a high Māori rate of 65 per cent.
At the same time, the company insists on innovation-driven, bastions. At the same time, the company is also interested in opening up related operations, such as digital infrastructure construction, to increase business income.
Service management systems and service levels. Sales rates are expected to increase at a higher rate as corporate revenue increases R & D rates: companies as high-technology and innovation firms focus on R & D inputs, with R & D rates of 8.50/9.17 per cent for the last two years, respectively, in order to maintain the company's leading position in the industry and high product performance.
In the field of high-end computers, companies have many leading technologies in storage, cloud computing, etc., while they also have leading sealight information on the stock-producing processor, taking into account business developments such as the Centre for Intelligence, urban digital infrastructure, etc., and using synergies, software, and hardware products across operations. We select wave information and purple-light shares as ours.
Wave information: The company is a global leader in the development of IT infrastructure products, programs and service providers, innovation development Cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, edge computing, and so on. The company’s main business is as follows: 1) Servers and components: high-end information cores including high-end servers, large storage, key databases, etc.
(b) (ii) the end and bulk: mainly desktops, laptops, tablets, single set and whole machines, and related parts and components.
The company’s main business is as follows: (a) Smart connectivity: building high performance networks, creating a network base for parks, data centres, wide area networks, including hand-over.
Switchboards, routers, wireless products, 5g products, smart lift platforms, etc.; 2) Smart computing operations: provision of arithmetic service solutions, including multiple gpu servers and liquid coolers, ai-one-stop development platform - proud-flying numeracy platform, etc.; 3) Smart storage operations: companies publish the end-to-end nvme of the industry ' s first global decoupling architecture
Alletramp is stored in a flash to significantly improve storage, availability and resource utilization; 4) Cloud computing and cloud services operations: central to the cloud operating system platform 7.0, providing solutions such as big government data, water digital data center: 5) active security operations: companies own products such as m90000-x flagship firewalls, etc.
As a high-performance business safety gateway, industry averages 28 times a year. Considering the overall layout of China’s history in the ai field and the stronger synergies between business, the valuation is based on assumptions, particularly with regard to free cash flows to companies over the next few years.
The selection of valuation parameters for both computing and comparable companies incorporates many individual judgements, leading to a risk of bias in valuation, specifically: high annual free cash flow calculations, leading to a risk of bias in valuation.
We assume a steady growth in the industry of the company over the next one to three years, but it may actually be the risk of an overvaluation of the company ' s value as a result of the volatility or negative change in the pace of development, political support and sustained growth of the company.
In terms of relative valuation, we have chosen to compare valuation indicators with, for example, wave information similar to, or similar to, company business, and purple shares, and to use as a reference for comparative valuation comparable company pe from 2023-2026e, taking into account national substitution and the high rate of growth of the ai, which is available to the company in areas such as high-performance computers, data centres, etc.
Given the technological advantages, the scope for business Māori and the growing size of the company ' s business, which was valued at 29-31 times the value of the company in 2024, we may not have taken sufficient account of the market and the high valuation of the industry as a whole, and our projections for Māori over the next three years may also have been underestimated and overestimated for the company ' s costs.
A high-performance computer business is the company’s most core profitable business, with a constant revenue collection of about 80% of the company’s revenue, and a steady increase in demand as the company’s product system matures and market recognition increases.
Long-term. Actual price or market recognition spread may fall short of expectations, thus raising the risk of overestimating the performance of the next three years.
The difficulty of importing advanced process chips will have an impact on domestic server manufacturers. The company’s business maps, intelligence centres, data centre construction, etc., have a large demand for cpu, gpu, etc. The failure to access upstream materials, such as chips, as expected, will have a negative impact on the company’s operations.
Industry competition increases the risk: companies focus mainly on high-end computers, storage products, software development, and systems integration, supported by digital infrastructure services, smart computing, etc. The current market patterns in the industry are uncertain, and the price wars associated with increased competition in highly competitive markets will affect the company’s profit levels, etc.
At the same time, new entrants may also be exposed to the risk of receivables as a result of the tide and nationalization: the book value of the company's accounts receivable is $8,983.05 million, which represents a small proportion of total assets, but if the macroeconomic situation and the prospects for industrial development change significantly or the business situation of individual clients is troubled
Hardly, companies run the risk of bad debts due to the difficulty of recovering their receivables. Inventory falls risk: the company’s inventory has a book value of $3.430 billion, or 10.85 per cent of its current total assets, and if it does not arrive at changes in the market environment or increased competition leading to delays in the sale of products, stock backlogs, etc.
Increased loss of inventory prices has had a negative impact on the profitability of the company. Intangible assets risk falling prices: the company’s intangible assets are mainly formed by R & D, and future amortization may affect the profitability shown in the current reporting period.
It is an equity investment in companies such as Sealight Information, Central Stars, etc., and the company will have to bear the corresponding investment losses if it is not operating well.i The technology risks associated with the big model are: the company has a lot of research projects with institutions and other companies, if technology is not developed.
Key technology brain drain or lack of risk: the development and management of critical skills is the dominant competitive edge of the company, and competition for technical skills in the industry will intensify. If companies are unable to provide them in the future in terms of remuneration, treatment, etc.
An effective incentive mechanism, which would lack the attractiveness for skilled talent, could lead to the loss of existing core skilled personnel, which would have a significant negative impact on the company’s production and operation. Core technology risks of leaking: after years of accumulation, companies have built up a series of high-performance computer profiles on their own.
The core technologies, which are the core competitiveness and confidentiality of the company, will affect to some extent the ability of the company to innovate in technology research and development and market competitiveness, and will contribute to the survival of the company if future key technicians are lost or relevant technologies, data, and confidential information are leaked in the course of production and operation.
Cloud computing, ai, big data and urban digital construction are all closely linked to government policies and are expected to have an uncertain impact on corporate operations if policies are not advanced.
Legal risk: As the awareness of data security and privacy protection increases, companies need to ensure that their products and services conform to relevant laws and regulations, avoid legal sanctions for data disclosure, etc., or lose client trust. Authors ensure that data used in reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author