The net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company increased by about 50 per cent in the first half of 2018, as compared to the same period the previous year.
In the first half of the year, international oil prices in Brent averaged about US$ 71 per barrel, an increase of about US$ 16 per barrel over 2017, with an average price of US$ 75 per barrel for the second quarter. After a favourable increase in international oil prices, the company’s four major plates were fully flowered, with the upstream exploration and development plates being turned into a surplus (18.3 billion operating losses over the same period last year).
Air, crude oil processing and ethylene production increased by 2.49 per cent and 3.16 per cent, respectively, under current capacity; sales of plates increased the total volume of finished oil distribution after eliminating the effects of the price war.
The Ministry has made a profit, rarely recorded, with a record record record of more than 40.5 billion performance in the first half of the year. Corporate performance has been steady upwards, with a high proportion of dividends to be expected.
Continued growth of confidence, with companies repaying shareholders in the form of cash at a rate of nearly 8 per cent, and dividends in the form of dividends, with a positive return in the form of a high percentage of cash dividends, is an example of a value investment.
Nine times, nine times, eight times. Today, the world’s largest oil companies average about 1.5 times pb, and only 1.1 times more petrochemical, and the company estimates that there is room for upward restoration, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
1. In-depth report on China ' s petrochemicals (600028): high level of certainty in performance growth, high score in value of investment. 2. Research report on China ' s petrochemicals (600028): Refining
Summary of company financial statement data projections: Ph.D. (Earth exploration and information technology, calculation of chemical and hydrocarbon resources) in conjunction with the Department of Chemicals of Rutgers University, United States of America
In October 2014, he joined industry studies on major energy directions, such as petrochemicals, and in March 2016 he graduated from Northwestern University, graduate from China Petroleum University (Beijing) and chemical technology. He worked in China ' s petrochemical Beijing branch of Yinshan from August 2010 to February 2016 for the technical management of oil refining and chemical production.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.