The company issued a performance announcement for the first half of the year in which it achieved business income of 1303 million yuan, or billion yuan, or yoy + 118%. In addition, the company announced a distribution scheme of 1.6 yuan (including taxes) per 10 shares.
The probability of high-level operations is high, and the company’s performance is expected to increase significantly throughout the year, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. International oil prices have risen, and the Ministry of Exploration and Development has suffered significant losses: international oil prices have continued to shock in the first half of 18 years, with the average spot price of Pulcibrent crude oil at $70.55 per barrel, an increase of 36.2 per cent.
As a result of this, the company ' s upstream exploration and development department has improved its operations, achieving 22,459 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent in the first half of the year, an increase of 1.4 per cent in the same year, including natural gas production of 4,76.2 billion cubic metres, an increase of 5.3 per cent in the same year, the average sales price of the company ' s crude oil in the first half of the year was $2866 per ton, the same year.
An increase of 23.7 per cent and an increase of 7.7 per cent in the average sale price of natural gas of $1374/km3 over the same period resulted in an operating loss of $400 million in the first half of the year and $178 in the same year, of which $320 million was lost in the first quarter of the year, the losses were reduced by the season and, with the impetus of high oil prices, it is expected that the losses will be reversed throughout the year.
The Ministry of Refinery increased its revenue by more than 30 per cent, with crude oil processing at 121 million tons in the first half of the year, an increase of 2.5 per cent in the same year, and finished oil production at 76.37 million tons, an increase of 3.0 per cent in the same year, of which gas oil, kerosene and chemical light oil production were 30.04, 14.25 and 19.34 million tons, respectively.
In terms of prices, the average sales price for the gasoline, diesel, kerosene and chemical raw materials categories increased by 8.5 per cent, 9.8 per cent, 16.4 per cent, 16.6 per cent, and the volume price increased, while the Ministry of Refinery managed to earn revenues in the first half of the year. Marketing and distribution benefited from higher prices for finished oils.
The total volume of oil sold was 9,648 million tons, a decrease of 2.1 per cent over the same period, of which the total domestic volume of finished oil sold was 8,845,000 tons, an increase of 1.4 per cent over the same period, which was affected by the increase in the average price of petrol, diesel, kerosene and fuel oil, resulting in an increase of $17.2 billion in revenues earned by the Ministry of Marketing and Distribution.
3.7%. The Ministry of Chemical Industry, on the one hand, is affected by the rise in oil prices, the cost of which is driving the rise in the prices of chemical products, and, on the other hand, by supply-side reforms, high environmental stress and the high profile of chemical products, combined with the company ' s sales of basic organic chemicals, synthetic monomer and polymers, and synthetic resins in the first half of the year.
An increase of 19.6 per cent, 9.4 per cent, 14.0 per cent over the same period, the Ministry of Chemicals and Industry realized operating revenues of $15.8 billion, higher crude oil prices, higher gas demand and higher corporate performance: the current Brent crude oil futures settlement price was $75.82 per barrel, an increase of 45.7 per cent over the same year, and the ring was higher than the average for the second quarter.
1.1%. International oil prices did not increase in the second half of the year due to trade frictions, geopolitical conflicts, but the Oec cut-off agreement was extended until the end of 18 years to support the oil market. Furthermore, as the country ' s energy structure is further adjusted, demand for natural gas will continue to grow rapidly, including 18 years.
Gas consumption in the first half of the year was 13.4 billion cubic metres, an increase of 17.5% over the same year, better than the company’s exploration and development business. Oil prices recovered, gas demand surged, and the company’s exploration and development industry required a certain period of time.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.