Growth in performance was in line with expectations, upstream warming, high q2 performance innovation, mid-2018 reported by China ' s petrochemicals and $130,252 million of operating income from China ' s petrochemicals in the first half of the year \triangleright
Dollars, 11.5% increase in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in parent companies of $41.6 billion, higher than performance innovation in 2018q2 and expected significant growth in company performance in the second half of the year. Company q2 achieved \triangleright
Millions of yuan, an increase of 118.28 per cent over the same period. Benefiting from improved profits from the warming of oil prices in the first half of the year, within the range of US$/barrells, good profits for refined oil and demand for downstream chemical products Market data: August 27, 2018
Improved, with an expected increase in the sales ring ratio, the company’s performance is expected to increase significantly in the second half of the year. Exploration and extraction operations.
In the first half of the year, the company processed 121 million tons of crude oil and produced 76.37 million tons of finished oil \triangleright.
In the first half of the year, the total volume of finished oil sold was 96.4 million tons, of which the total volume of domestically produced oil sold was 88.45 million tons, an increase of 1.4 per cent.
In the first half of the year, 42,566 million tons of chemical products were traded, an increase of 14.1% over the same period.
It is proposed that the company allocate a cash dividend of $0.16 per share, with a red rate of 0.16 per share.
\triangleright 47%. Given the good cash flow of the company, it is expected that the share of the company will increase throughout the year. 23,687 million yuan in capital expenditure in the first half of the year, an increase of 48% in the same year.
\triangleright 23,687 million yuan, of which RMB 10,762 million was spent on the capital of the exploration and exploitation plate, mainly for crude oil and natural gas production capacity building; RMB 4,610 billion was spent on capital of the refined plate, master
High growth is expected to benefit from China's increased tariffs on petrochemical products in the United States to be used for the construction of China's refining bases; and the marketing and distribution of plate capital spending of RMB 5.37 billion.
Specialized management of safety and environmental hazards, mainly for the construction of finished oil depots, pipelines, refuelling stations, and subsurface oil tank renovations; RMB 2,635 million in capital expenditure on chemical plates, mainly for Central Refinery Bases, Fujian Gourei Integration, Hainan Efficient Environmentally Sound Aromatic Hydrocarbons and China-China Alliance
Construction of projects such as the coal industry; headquarters and other capital expenditures in the amount of RMB 307 million, mainly for the construction of scientific installations and information projects. We believe that as profits improve in the garment industry, companies will increase their capital spending on exploration and development of plates.
Risk of a sharp drop in oil prices, risk of a product not making as much profit as expected, risk of a macroeconomic downturn \triangleright