China ' s petrochemicals (600028.sh/00386.hk) Buv purchase company issued an advance notice of its performance for the first half of the year, and the company expects to become a shareholder of the parent company in the first half of the year.
The US is expected to withdraw from Iran’s nuclear agreement, the situation in the Middle East is unstable, the Oec reduction is being implemented at a steady pace, the global economies are expected to perform robustly downstream, international oil prices are expected to run at a high rate in the second half of the year, and the company’s performance for the entire 18-year period is expected to continue to grow at a rapid pace and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Upward movement of international oil prices, improved upstream operations: average value of futures settlement for bront crude oil in the first half of 18 years was US$ 71.48 per barrel, an increase of 35.8 per cent over the same period, with an average price of US$ 74.97 per barrel for the second quarter, higher prices for downstream products, increased profitability: influenced by upturns in international oil prices, domestic diesel,
In the first half of 18 years, the price of gasoline was increased 12 times, 7 times upwards, 5 times downwards, 420 dollars per ton for diesel, 430 dollars per ton for petrol, higher prices for products and increased profitability. In the first half of the year, the company processed 120.72 million tons of crude oil, an increase of 2.49 per cent over the same period, including petrol, kerosene, chemicals.
Light oil production increased by 5.74 per cent, 9.36 per cent, 2.11 per cent, and diesel production by 32.09 million tons, or 1.78 per cent, respectively. Lower product prices for finished oil sellers increased and the price of raw materials increased, leading to stock returns, resulting in refined oil plates.
Production of chemical products increased slightly, and profits stabilized: ethylene and synthetic resins dominated by chemical products, which increased by 3.16 per cent in the first half of 18 years, and synthetic resin production, which increased by 3.41 per cent, in addition to synthetic fibres and synthetic rubber production, from 5.7860 million tons in the first half of 18 years.
Given the supply-side reforms, environmental pressures, and other factors, the country’s chemical products have remained high since the end of the 16th century. Companies have combined favourable market conditions, increased structural adjustment and optimization, allowing the chemical plates to continue to make a steady profit.
Crude oil hub prices have moved upwards, benefiting from the company’s performance: the current Brent futures settlement price is US$ 73.06 per barrel, a 50% increase in the same year, and the ring is equal to the average price in the second quarter. In the light of the current situation, prices are estimated to run at a high rate in the second half of the year, as forecast by the major agencies.
But on the whole, the rise in oil prices was accompanied by higher prices for the company's finished oil and downstream products, in contrast to the company's historical performance, which was clearly better than the low price of oil at the height of the last round of oil prices.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.