Good performance, high scores, robust investment targets, maintenance of the “buy-in” event: company reports in the first half of 2018, generating business income of $1.3 trillion, compared to the year 2018h1, corporate business stability, performance improvement, and validation of the previously proposed “input in oil prices”
Upward, upstream loss; downstream, “chemical-type” refineries’ continued view.” Exploration and exploitation: company production of 224.59 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent in the first half of the year, +1.4 per cent of the year, with domestic crude oil production increasing by 0.4 per cent of the year (12.368 million barrels) and offshore crude oil production by the same year.
Total market value/flow (million yuan) Average sales prices of crude oil, natural gas, gas lang, liquid lang increased by 17.9 billion yuan, with a loss of 318 million yuan in one quarter, as can be seen from the second quarter.
China's petrochemicals report for the first quarter of 2018: Middle oil prices, refining comfort zones, maintaining “buy-in” refined oil: 121 million tons of crude oil processed by the company in the first half of the year, +2.5 per cent of the year, and the production of finished oils is the same.
In China, petrochemicals (600028), [Pacific Chemicals], China ' s annual petrochemicals report reviews: performance has improved and the gas ratio has dropped to 1.068.
In the second half of the year, the company plans to process 121 million tons of crude oil.
Chemicals: company production of ethylene in the first half of the year was 5.7860 million tons, or 3.2 per cent of the same year; total chemical product operations amounted to 42.56 million tons, or +14.1 per cent of the same year, with a differential rate of 90.3 per cent for synthetic fibres and 64 per cent for new synthetic resins and specialized materials. The proceeds of the chemical plate operations were 15.8 billion yuan, or +29.7 per cent of the same year.
The company plans to produce 57.34 million tons of ethylene in the second half of the year. Marketing and distribution: 96.4 million tons of oil produced by the company in the first half of the year, of which 8,845 million tons, or +1.4 per cent, were sold in the country.
Capital expenditure: The company spent $23,687 million on capital in the first half of the year, of which the exploration and development panel performed well, with a high score, a solid investment target, and maintained its “buy-in” 2.
As oil prices continue to rise by more than $90 per barrel, the expected negative effects on the benefits of refining projects begin to emerge.
Since March 2013, the refining component has adopted a cost-added model (the price of oil at $80-130 per barrel would reduce processing fees), a shorter price-fixing cycle that can be more quickly transferred to upstream costs and add up inventory revenues; the chemical component generally conforms to oil prices; and the demand for chemical products in the country has increased faster, with the Ministry
Sub-products are highly dependent on the outside world, and environmental protection has led to a contraction in supply since 2016, with “chemical” refineries making better profits. In 2018 h1, Shanghai Saico realized a net profit of 2,669 million yuan, compared to +13.14 per cent, and the “chemical” refineries were profitable.
With the introduction of major private refining, we believe that competition is inevitable. The factors affecting the level of profitability of refining projects, apart from fluctuations in external oil prices and macroeconomic growth, are key to the regulation of the product structure of the project itself, the degree of refining integration, business management and risk resistance.
After taxes on finished oils, the phase-out of uncompetitive small-scale refineries is expected to take place. 3. High points in red, stable returns Corporate assets are excellent, leading in 2017 in the world of refining, and ethylene production is the first in the world and the fourth in the world;
306,000 gas stations, number one in the country; deepening reforms are continuing, and sales plates are expected to cost 60%, compared to 60%. Good performance, high score, steady investment targets, and maintenance of “buy-in”
Good performance, high score, steady investment target, maintenance of the "buy-in" institute, north north south south of Beijing City.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.