Significant growth in performance in the first half of the year, with medium-term dividends at a historic high of $41.6 billion in net profits from shareholders in parent companies, an increase of 53.55 per cent over the same period; a return of 0.344 dollars per share, a higher than growth rate; a strong smelting landscape, contributing to major performance; and a robust sales board, with a loss of short performance from upstream panels.
\triangleright, due to the increase in international oil prices in the first half of the year, Brent's oil prices averaged approximately $71 per barrel, an increase of 36 per cent over the same period, and the public sector's revenues and profits both increased considerably. Upstream exploration plates, yield of oil and gas equivalents increased marginally by 1.4 per cent.
Crude oil production continued to decline, natural gas production increased, operating gains lost approximately $400 million, and the business continued to lose as a result of high extraction rates, higher amortization costs and impairment effects, and is currently short-performing in the corporate sector.
The Unit achieved growth compared to the trend of depth 300, and refined oil generated business gains of $38.9 billion, an increase of 32.5 per cent over the same period, and remained the largest contributor to performance; and chemical plate ethylene and synthetic resin production increased, yielding operating gains of $15.8 billion.
This represents a 29.7 per cent increase in sales, an increase in the volume of finished oils and gas stations, and a high increase in non-oil operations, which generated $17.2 billion, or 3.7 per cent, in revenue.
Half-yearly reporting companies publish medium-term bonus schemes based on good cash flows and high-growth industries nine times, nine times, eight times. Today, the world’s large oil companies average about 1.5 times the pb and only 1.1 times the amount of petrochemicals.
International oil prices have fallen sharply; polyolefin prices have fallen; and reforms in the hydrocarbon sector have fallen short of expectations.
2. Summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements of China ' s petrochemical (600028) study: high profile of oil refining and chemical industries, and on-the-ground listing of sales operations
Yang Xiaohui, “Tian-Eye” 2015: Graduated from Northwestern University, graduate from China Oil University (Beijing) and graduate in chemistry, China, from August 2010 to February 2016.
In March 2016, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, and sought to be objective, impartial and free from any third party by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions.