Two-quarter high growth with two-quarter booms, continued steady growth in the future, and two-quarter high growth with two-quarter high sales of IT hardware and equipment, continued robust growth in the future.
Incidents: TrioC issued a performance forecast for the first half of 2018, which is expected to result in higher growth in net profits and higher growth in real life attributable to listed companies. In 2018, it was attributed to listed companies, with more investment in R & D and higher growth in real life.
Millions of yuan, or 48.67% more than in the same year, the main output expansion is concentrated in ceramic backhells, mlcc, pkg, and ceramic tablets, which enter the second quarter of the year for orderly release, leading to high performance growth and sustainability.
1,741/11,643 Cellular backhells entering Mimix2s, oppo, and looking forward to more cell phone manufacturers in the second half of the year, 43,337,40,882
New ceramic cellular devices have been created, leading to sustained growth; 2) the use of the ceramic envelopes base has been expanded in an orderly manner, and there is a clear trend towards oral substitution, which is now dominated by crystals, and which can be applied in the future to filters, cosmography sensors, radio frequency envelopes, etc., share of future expansion and upgrades; 3) mlcc
Three Rings (300408) " Three Rings " , with a price rise, this year ' s expansion of production capacity and future expansion of high-end products; 4) porcelain tablets for not-300408 - in-depth reporting - R & D intelligently built
In addition, the company’s voltage-jet valves, ceramic machetes, electron slurries, high-barrel advanced material experts, inside and outside the company, and the lifting of the material batteries are gradually opening the market and releasing the performance.
To 100 billion market value - 2018,80709 Building on the “material+” strategy, expanding operational boundaries based on internal and external growth - 2018/07/09
Internationally influential “advanced material experts.” In endogenous development, the company develops products based on ceramics, tri-ring (300408), tri-ring material, and non-ceramic materials, for example.
-300408-a-quarter reviews - in-progress engineering, development of functional electronic materials, special applications of glass, etc., the company set up a three-ring study in 2012 and launched a significant increase in inputs in an attempt to achieve long-term stability in the future.
The Institute, strengthening corporate R & D, and the company's outreach efforts this year. Companies have launched two new products, and their roll-out has accelerated in recent years. On the outreach side, they are actively pushing forward with technological innovation at its core, product power, market size, and industry prospects.
A quarterly performance with equity incentive costs, M & As. In 2017, the acquisition of MicroMexis accelerated the process of corporate internationalization and brought about synergies with the existing processes of the company, promoted technological upgrading, promoted more innovation, and the company would continue to do so in the future.
Research and development to create advanced material platforms with high barriers, with a steady and orderly product gradient. The emphasis has been on the three-ring group building high-barrel platforms through the materials-equipment-plus process.
Strong, product-based expansion and global market openings through endogenous + extension. A reasonable gradient, with robust medium- and long-term development expected, will lead to hundreds of billions of dollars in market value in the future.
Growing-type products include ceramics, enveloped frames, mlcc, sheeting, fuel cells, ceramic machetes, voltage jet valves, electronic slurry, leading to medium-term growth; and reserve-type products, including power reactors, heat-sensitive printheads, new mammoths, etc., leading to long-term corporate growth.
Two-quarter high growth from sales and continued steady growth in the future.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.