Quality improvements in major camp growth, rapid growth of communications components, electronic components, electronic raw materials operations in Yuan Waijin
Corporate communications components, semiconductor components, electronic components, electronic component materials, electronic component camp receipts, and the future of the business as the 5g, new energy vehicles, wearable equipment, etc., grow into a significant space.
The company produces 1.5 million square metres, the world's leading city and future markets are empty (2018 q2) and the major shareholders will continue to benefit from industrial developments such as 5g communications, industrial intelligence, led, and networking.
The communications component products include light communication products such as ceramic guidance needles, ceramic core plugs, ceramic cartridges and end-products of communications equipment such as hand-held backlids, fingerprint recognition porcelain sheets. The demand for light communications products will continue to increase as base stations increase, data centre construction and fibre-optic in-house coverage increases.
The company’s cellular back-up product has been applied to a large number of cell phones, such as millet and first plus, and the current trend of de-metalization of cellular casings is expected to increase further.
In terms of profitability, the combined Māori rate in the reporting period was 52.34%, a record high. High Māori benefits mainly from higher Māori rates in electronic components than in the same period last year.
19.85 per cent, or 62.79 per cent. The Māori ratio for electronic components increased by 50.15 per cent compared to the same period last year. The Māori ratio for semiconductor components rose by 5.22 per cent from the same year. The corporate net profit rate was 31.19 per cent, a decrease of 1.69 pt from the same year, mainly in R&D costs, restrictive stock sharing,
The increase in wage social security benefits, depreciation, etc. has led to an increase in management costs by 67.55% on a year-on-year basis.
The net net profit is much higher than the industry average. During the reporting period, the company rose by 0.73 pct by 8.98%, compared to last year.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.