Internal performance has grown at an all-time high, business climate expansion has led to long-term robust growth, information technology (IT) technology hardware and equipment, and endogenous performance has grown at an all-time high, and business landscape expansion has led to long-term robust growth.
The interest rate was almost flat, with the Māori rate for semiconductor components rising by 5.22 to 44.49 per cent, mainly pkg volume yield scale effects; the Māori rate for electronic component materials increased by 8.37 to 52.58 per cent, mainly due to price increases for ceramic base sheets; and the Māori rate for electronic components reached 62.79 per cent, mainly mlcc.
The company's net profit is $524 million, taking into account the full-line power of the product, the growth of research and development, and the continued expansion of the business landscape. 1) Communications components, including ceramic fibre-optic plugs and ceramic backhells, yield revenues of $678 million, the same amount.
Three Rings (300408) The Three Rings Group increased by 37.5 per cent, ceramic fibre-optic cores stabilized in the first half of the year, the volume of shipments increased, ceramic backs were shelled by an oppo-15, mill2s supplier, two products contributed; 2) semiconductor components,
The two-quarter growth in sales has resulted in a two-month high in the future, which will be followed by a three hundred and twenty-two million-dollar run on the fingerprint identification sheet and the ceramic envelope, a 7.18 per cent slide on the same scale, mainly due to the rise of the fingerprints and 3dsensing under the screen.
As a result of the fall in prices, the china sealing base remained high, and the tri-ring group (300408), the tri-ring group, expanded production of 50 per cent of the three-ringed base, with an increasing market share for production and release, with an emphasis on the market expansion of filters.
-300408 - in-depth report - R & D invents and further opens up the market space for ceramic envelopes; 3) electronic component materials, mainly pottery, advanced material experts at high barriers, both inside and outside.
Ceramic bodies and tiles, which generated $295 million in revenues, an increase of 63.38 per cent over the same period, mainly due to strong market demand for tiles, higher prices for products, expansion of production capacity, and an increase in the city ' s share; 4) electronics -- 2018/07/09
Component, mainly resistance and mlcc, yielding 245 million yuan, representing an increase of 11.5 per cent in comparison with the previous year, mainly high demand for mlcc, higher prices, higher capacity utilization and expansion of the company; 5 - 300408 - one-quarter review - construction in progress, research and development
In the reporting period, the cost of R & D increased significantly by $8.80 million, and the attempt to stabilize the future in the long run increased by $67 million over the quarter, indicating that the company's capacity was expanding in an orderly manner and remained in production capacity.
The future of ceramic backhells, ceramic envelopes, tiles, mlcc are still in the air cycle, while the company is in the long term with ceramic machetes, mammoths, fuel cell diaphragms, micromis, and will gradually contribute to profits.
Based on the “materials+” strategy, which expands the operational boundaries and creates “advanced material specialists” with national influence, the company develops products based on ceramic materials, on the one hand, and non-ceramic materials, on the other, for example, for endogenous development.
Products such as functional electronics, special applications of glass, and the establishment in 2012 of a three-ring research institute to strengthen corporate R & D, and the firm’s outreach efforts this year to strengthen R & D. The company has launched two new products, and the company’s rollout of new products has accelerated in recent years.
The growth of endogenous performance, centred on technological innovation, product strength, market size, and industry prospects, has grown at an all-time high. The expansion of business landscape capacity has led to robust and long-term M&As. The acquisition of MicroMimes in 2017 has accelerated the process of internationalization of companies, and it has also been achieved with companies.
With existing processes synergizing, technology upgrading, and innovation, companies will continue to promote forward M&As with major industries in the future. Research and development will create platforms for advanced materials with high barriers, and product gradients will develop in an orderly and robust manner.
Finally, emphasis is placed on the three-ring group building high-barrel platforms through material-plus equipment-plus processes, product scalability, product-based expansion and global market opening through endogenous-plus-extension. The product gradient is reasonable, and robust development in the medium to long term is expected, leading to a long-term market stability of hundreds of millions of dollars.
Classes include ceramic fibre-optic plug-in, wired end, electrical resistance, leading to stable cash flow; fast-growing products include ceramic appearances, encapsulated base, mlcc, base plate, fuel cell, ceramic machetes, voltage valves, electronic slurry, leading to medium-term growth of the company; and reserve products.
The company’s long-term growth, including power reactors, heat-sensitive printing head, new magma, and so on. The growth of endogenous performance is at an all-time high, and the expansion of business landscape capacity leads to long-term robust development of the Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.