High demand for tourism, rapid growth in multi-businesses, 36 per cent growth compared to 36 per cent, net profit on return, net profit on deduction from return, $552 million, and net profit on return, respectively, continued to grow and the Māori rate increased further
The business income of the 2018h1 company was 1.777 billion yuan, an increase of 36 per cent in the same year, mainly driven by the growth in demand for electronics, electronic raw materials and communications components. The operating income of 2018q2 was 970 million yuan, an increase of 54 per cent in the same year.
The company achieved a net return profit of $552 million, an increase of 28 per cent in the same year. Realization of the non-returned net profit was 52 per cent longer than market performance (nearly 12 months). Realization of the non-returned net profit of $276 million, an increase of 64 per cent in the same year.
Downstream demand and rapid growth of multi-business benefits from the development of downstream industries such as auto electronics, led lighting, access technology, smart homes, and a marked increase in sales of corporate electronics, electronics materials, communications components, market share
Downstream demand is strong, the passive component market continues to be buoyant, and strong cooperation between mlcc supply and demand will greatly accelerate the price of the back-up market for cellular ceramics. Companies have increased their sales of mlcc products as a result of technological advantages and brand effects.
The field of electrical resistance applications has gradually expanded, the demand for ceramic tablets has risen and the market space has expanded.
Ceramic cores and holster prices are stable, base stations, progress in data centre construction, fibre optic home coverage are performing as expected, and it is expected that millet6 will be sold to boost the growth of the business. 5g, wireless charge, new requirements for cellular casings, ceramic materials
Ceramic Recapitulations 2017-04-20, with its features, has a place where the company's cell phone ceramics are used for multi-heat-marketing smart terminals, capacity is released, product is sold and business growth is strong.
The demand for body frequency components has increased, and the product advantage of the company ' s ceramic envelopes has expanded in the crystals frequency component market, and the market occupancy rate has gradually increased. The communications filters market has also continued to grow, thus expanding the market size of the filter seals and providing space for the company ' s business growth.
The company has built up high entry barriers around the layout of advanced ceramic materials and the continuous expansion of its business areas. With the emergence of new downstream applications, such as networking, auto electronics, and 5g, the company is expected to perform at a lower rate than expected, with R & D of new products; and 2, with the spread of new applications falling short of expected risks;
3 Risks of a declining passive component climate; 4 Risks of new technologies not permeating as expected Three Rings publish semi-annual reports for 2018. 218h1 companies achieved operating revenues of $1,777 million, a year-on-year increase, 2nd, recovery, net profits and a further increase in the Māori rate.
Three Rings published semi-annual reports for 2018. 218h1 achieved operating income of $1,777 million, an increase of $970 million, an increase of 54 per cent, respectively, for communications components, semiconductor components, electronic component materials, electronic component business income of 6.78, 3.33, 2.96,
Downstream demand is strong, multi-business is growing rapidly, benefiting from the development of downstream industries such as auto electronics, led lighting, access technology, smart homes, and so on, with a marked increase in sales of corporate electronics, electronics, communications components, and a further increase in market share.
The market for passive components is booming, and the supply and price of mlcc continues to rise. Companies have expanded their sales of mlcc products because of technological advantages and branding effects. The area of power resistance applications has been expanding, the demand for ceramic base sheets has risen and the market space has been expanding. The price of fibre-optic ceramic cores and cylinders is stable, the base stations, the advancement of data centres, fibre optics.
5g, wireless charge, new requirements for cellular casings, ceramic materials, their characteristics, the use of company-based ceramics for multi-heat sales smart terminals, gradual release of capacity, product sales, and strong business growth.
The market for communications filters has also continued to grow, thus expanding the market size of the market for filters, creating high entry barriers for companies around the layout of advanced ceramic materials and expanding their operations.
Corporate performance is expected to increase further with the rise of new downstream applications such as networking, auto electronics, 5g, etc..1 There are risks that new products are not being developed as fast as expected: 2, new applications are not being replicated as expected: 3, passive components Risks of declining landscapes: 4, new technologies are not being infiltrated as expected.
Appendix: Company Financial Forecasting Table (millions of yuan) Wang Fenghua: Master ' s degree at the People ' s University of China and currently the Executive Director of the Institute of Associated Securities. Joined the Associated Securities in 2016, certificate number: US$ 030005160001.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.