New sources of energy are symbiotic green power operations accelerating the development of electricity equipment/other power sourcesii, our power erc pipeline, and expanding green power operations will open up new opportunities. The company is a global clean-down.
Leads in the areas of carbon energy, water resources, and environmental construction, and a multi-scale, multi-national, mega-panic enterprise. The company is based on the construction of electricity, and is fully committed to the development of new energy sources, such as wind power, photovoltaics, investment and operations, and sandstone operations as new growth points.
New energy sources, pumping water storage climate resonance, and new energy power generation are becoming more innovative. With our ambitious “double carbon” strategy, the capacity of new energy sources and pumping reservoirs will continue to grow in the future. We expect the cumulative capacity of our pumping capacity to grow from the current 32gw to 62gw and 120gw in 2030.
The company has historically achieved 90% of the planned design, 80% of the resources and technology available at the national level for water extraction and storage in the domestic market, accelerating its admission to the top-notch energy operators. In terms of new energy investments, the company is able to rely on the planning leadership and technology support of the General Institute of Water Regulations for its development operations.
Source seeks high-quality projects with a priori advantage. Since 2022, companies have built up new energy sources, with a cumulative capacity of more than 37gw installed in 2025, reaching medium-loading for the country’s mainstream new energy operators.
China Electricity (601669.sh) - Less control of logistics is conducive to short-term delivery, new energy sources, environmental constraints are increasing, green sandstone bone prices have remained high in recent years, Māori ratio I. China Electricity (601669.sh) - High increase in hydropower orders and accelerated operation of new energy sources
More than 50%. The company currently reserves 7.5 billion tons of resources throughout the country, and plans to achieve 400 million tons of production by the end of “XIV China Power Building - 601669 - Critical Events Rapid Assessment: Accelerating the Growth of Pumping Water and Power Transfers”. We expect a net profit from the company's sandstones in 2025.
China Electricity Building - 601669 - Critical Events Expedition: stripping of lost property, light-loading embraces of the new
The China Power Construction Group Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the China Power Construction Group), a large central enterprise, was re-established following the separation of the former State Power Corporation in September 2011 and is now being established with China Energy Corporation and known as the “two-long head” in the area of electricity construction in our country; the Water Regulatory Institute under the Group has assumed responsibility for the national water supply.
Historic is formerly China Hydropower Construction Co. Ltd., and on 30 November 2009 it was water from China.
Co-initiated by the Electric Group and China Hydro-engineering Consultants Group, the company was listed on the main board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2011. In 2022, the company was ranked 100th in Fortune 500, 1st in enr Global Engineering Design Enterprise 150, 5th in Global Engineering Contractor 250, and 5th in International Engineering.
The company's main business is construction, survey design, electricity investment and operation, which can provide an integrated whole industry chain covering investment financing, planning design, construction contracting, equipment manufacturing, management and operation, etc.
In the first half of 2022, the company achieved operating income of $266 billion.
Of this amount, 89%, 4.5% were spent on engineering contracting and surveying, electricity investment and operation, respectively, and the original real estate plate has now been stripped off. The company is based on electricity construction, with industries in the fields of hydropower, water extraction, new energy sources, etc.
Based on the advantages of building an integrated whole-of-industry chain of engineering, the company invests and operates its entire business in new energy sources such as wind power, light volts, and the sale of sandstones. Under the umbrella of the group, there is the General Design Institute for Hydroelectric and Hydraulic Planning (hereinafter referred to as the General Water Regulations Institute), which is the only country with electricity and water.
Units for the review and standardization of renewable energy technologies, such as wind power, photovoltaic power, etc.
Based on major infrastructure, companies are committed to becoming the world’s first-class integrated, internationally competitive firms in the fields of energy power, water resources and the environment, and infrastructure. Together with corporate development strategies and swot analysis, we recognize that companies have a good and strong competitive strategy.
Table 3: Company swot analysis of company hydropower planning, construction management and technology levels, influenced by factors such as business model, contractual status, corporate cash
The company has the full range of savings, wind power and photovoltaic power projects The scale of financing by the company has increased rapidly, and the risk of corporate debt has increased.
The company’s own stock of new energy power plants is small, and the company’s core technology is being strengthened to speed up the digital transformation. The workforce, business layout, etc., may be difficult to cope with rapid growth.
Unilateral trade policies are prevailing, geopolitical risks are complex, our energy power structure is shifting towards a clean low-carbon approach, and companies will seize the historic opportunity of new energy sources and deliver the company's investment.
(b) Strategic deployment for integrated development of construction camps;
To benefit from the needs of the windy base, storage, etc., the country's future needs are expected to create uncertainty that will affect the pace of installation of energy projects; 10 years of savings will be multiplied, and construction and investment are expected to take place.
Green sand substitute markets are in short supply, and companies have acquired sandstones, and as the impact of the epidemic on the economy diminishes, companies are expected to seize the opportunity to regenerate the entire global construction market.
There is a consensus on the integration of wind storage, with the growth of new energy installed with a strong degree of certainty, our investment in power sources has continued to grow, and investments in wind power and photovoltaics have increased significantly.
As wind power, light power, and so on, new energy installed capacity and power generation rises, “new energy sources + storage” has become a consensus for industry development. As the best energy storage technology in a power system, pumping water energy will become a “main force” that will provide the capacity to regulate the system’s flexibility, taking full advantage of new power systems to regulate the power source.
As a global leader in clean and low-carbon energy, water resources and environmental construction, China ' s electricity-building operations cover wind, photovoltaic, water-pumping and other wind storage investments, building and operating whole-sector chains in engineering, planning and design.
According to the Sino-Turkish Union, the demand for electricity grew steadily during the period “13th Five-Year Plan”. The average annual increase in electricity consumption in 2016-2020 was 5.7% for society as a whole, and in 2021 it was 8.3 trillion kwh, or +10.4% for society as a whole.
At the same time, during the period of the 13th Five-Year Plan, the country maintained a high level of investment in electricity projects, which stood at around $800 billion per year. Of this, the volume of investment in power sources grew every year. Since 2020, the share of investment in electricity has exceeded the electricity grid, and the share in 2021 has continued to rise.
Total investment amounted to 10,786 million yuan, or +5.9 per cent, of which 58.7 billion yuan, or 54.4 per cent, or +2.5 pct, was invested in electricity; 49,1.6 billion yuan, or 45.6 per cent, or -2.5 per cent, was invested in electricity.
According to data published by the National Energy Agency, in January-November 2022, the country completed a total of 552.3 billion yuan, or +28 per cent, in electricity, of which 422.9 billion yuan, or +26 per cent, was invested in renewable energy, consisting mainly of 988.8 billion yuan, or -15 per cent; 24.7 billion yuan, or -24 per cent, or 85.4 billion yuan, or +290 per cent, was invested in non-renewable energy.
Year after year, the share of renewable energy investment has increased from 52% to 77%. Driven by the “double carbon” goal, our country’s wind and photovoltaic investments are increasing dramatically.
Against the backdrop of global carbon neutrality, the world’s regions are increasingly adopting good photovoltaic policies, driven by high demand for industry, with China, Europe, the United States, and India as the main markets for growth. Prices in the main photovoltaic chains are now moving down the road, leading to better profits in the downstream chains, and a new wave of engine growth is expected in 2023.
In 2022-2025, we expect a global increase in the number of new photovoltaics from 251gw to 586gw, with an average annual compound increase of 33%. Thirty-five%: an annual increase in the number of additional photovoltaics overseas from 161gw to 366gw.
The foreign market is recovering from the multiple challenges posed by the war in Ukraine, and the re-entry activity has returned slightly to a high rate of savings after 2024. The year saw an increase in installed capacity from 38gw to 49gw, and an increase in installed capacity from 4gw to 4gw.
15gw, the combined annual increase of 15% in foreign wind power installed. The Russian-Turkish war of 2022 led to lower than expected sea-based wind in Europe in the short term, but the medium- and long-term dimensions reinforced the determination of European countries to develop sea-based wind power.
Wind power and light-voltage approval procedures accelerate the development of wind power at sea. As far-reaching sea development technology matures, the scale of the near- and medium-term construction of wind power at sea is increasing.
- Opening ceremony for the China-China Vanning 1gw floating offshore wind project. We are expected to increase from 10gw to 33gw in 2022-2025 in a neutral scenario, with a combined annual growth rate of 49%; and, in an optimistic scenario, we are expected to add to the global sea wind by 2025.
It can reach 41.4gw at an average annual compound rate of 59%. Relying on the National Institute of Water Regulations, which is one of the country's four largest power institutions, it is responsible for industrial planning, technical management, engineering inspection and quality.
Monitoring, standard-setting and policy research are the only units in the country that are responsible for the management of technologies such as hydropower, wind power, solar photovoltaic power, etc., with a high degree of technological impact and wide recognition at home and abroad.
By undertaking such top-level design work as major planning, strategic research, and policy rule-making, firms are firmly in control of industry heights in the relevant areas of work. By leading planning, supported by technology, companies are able to capture high-quality projects from the source and pre-empt investment and construction.
The company has a leading share in the domestic offshore wind and power survey design and in the main pc contracting market. As new energy efficiency gains accelerate, the company has the advantage of integrating into the entire industrial chain of “campaigns” and is expected to reap the full benefits of the high growth dividends of the new energy-building industry.
Pumping storage is approved and built, pumping capacity is urgently needed, and loading is expected to increase exponentially, and pumping is capable of “six major functions” in electrical systems, upscaling, frequency, modem, storage, system backup, black start-up, etc.
Yes, it is the most mature, reliable, safe, and potentially large-scale energy storage technology at present, which has an important supporting role to play in maintaining the secure and stable operation of the grid and in building new power systems with new sources of energy, and to accelerate the development of pumped water storage has become a pressing requirement for the construction of a new energy system in the country.
By the end of 2021, our pumping storage capacity stood at 36.4gw, with 61.5gw pumping capacity, and is the world’s highest in terms of both construction and construction. With the gradual construction of the Northwest Wind and Light Base, the pumping power plant will be an important storage tool for renewable energy.
Figure 14: The amount of water-smoking energy resources available in the country (2021) is abundant, with a total theoretical amount of 1604gw. According to the data compiled by the branch of the water-smoking energy sector, the total amount of resources currently included in the planning site is 814gw, with a focus on project 421gw, with a planned reserve.
Project 305gw. According to the National Energy Agency ' s Medium- and Long-term Development Plan for Pumping Energy (2021-2035), the country ' s Pumping Energy Facility will enter the rapid development phase.
As at 15 November 2022, 43 projects had been approved during the “14th Five-Year” period, with a total load of 57.1gw. Of these, 11 stations had been approved in 2021 with a total load of 13.8gw. Thirty-two stations had been approved in 2022, with a total load of 42.3gw, which was a historicly high level.
On the basis of this principle, it is expected that in 2022 the construction of pumping capacity will be approved on a scale greater than 50 gw. The construction of the additional pumping capacity project from the beginning of 2022 to July will reach 13 gw, with a significant acceleration. The extraction capacity is expected to be 9 gw in 2022, with a total installed capacity of around 45 gw at the end of the year.
There are 73 storage projects with a capacity of 91.4gw; there are 110 projects with a capacity of 136.5gw to build pumping energy.
Figure 17: The authorized capacity (gw) and the rate of increase in the storage energy project in the country over the years (%)
Over 1.4 trillion yuan and about 1.8 trillion yuan in the “15-year” period. “World hydropower looks at China, China looks at electricity and electricity.” The company has a well-developed system of technical services, technical standards and science, technology and innovation in the field of hydropower, representing the country’s combined competitive power.
:: Design and build capacity for the long-term maintenance of more than 50 per cent of the world's large- and medium-sized hydropower, pre-planning, surveying and design of more than 80 per cent of the country's large and medium-sized hydropower projects, construction of more than 65 per cent of the country's hydropower, as the first “national team” to undertake the design and construction of a pumping plant, with companies historically receiving about 90 per cent of the country's electricity supply
The company has the core technical capacity to plan, survey, design, and construct pumping storage plants, and has developed well-developed technical standards for pumping energy, participating in medium- and long-term development planning (2021-2035).
The concentration of sandstone bone is expected to increase further, the supply of green sandstone bone is high, the concentration of demand is evident in the Middle East, the sandstone bone, also known as the “assemblies”, is the bone-bone in concrete or slurries and the granule material used for filling.
It can be divided into fine boners (“sands”) and rough bones (“stones”). The fine bone particles range between 0.16-4.75 mm in diameter, usually using natural sand or mechanism sands. Crude bone particles have a diameter greater than 4.75 mm and are commonly used with gravel and ovary stones, and under the same conditions the strength of the gravel concrete is higher than that of the egg gravel.
Sandstone is an irreplaceable and indispensable building material, concrete raw material, widely used in the fields of housing, roads, roads, railways, etc., and is the most expensive material for infrastructure construction, which is sold annually in the country at about 20 billion tons, or half of the world's total.
Equipment, blast materials, etc., are used as the processing process for sandstones, which are used downstream mainly for infrastructure construction, and according to the sandstone network, the country ' s sandstone bone demand in 2021 was approximately 17,890 million tons, a small increase of 0.38 per cent compared to 2020, with an average increase of 0.89 per cent over the two-year period. Since 2015, the country ' s sandstone demand has increased at an average rate of 0.89 per cent.
The demand for bone remains at about 17 billion tons, with annual sales exceeding $800 billion at a unit cost of $50/t. As the outbreak policy is optimized, construction needs are warming up, and national sandstone demand will be higher in 2022, although the country’s demand for sandstone remains relatively stable, but with the country’s environmental constraints on the management of mineral resources and the environment
As a result of the intensification, the use of natural sand mining at the supply end is limited, the green sandstone bone as a new generation of products - the mechanism sand production capacity is still not rapidly released and the industry is in a state of supply constraint. Demand varies considerably from region to region, and the concentration of demand in the central and eastern parts of the country is evident.
The provinces with annual demand of more than 1 billion tons are Guangdong, Shandong, Jiangsu, Anhui and Sichuan, of which Guangdong and Shandong are the top two on the list of needs. Subregionally, 610 billion tons of sandstones were needed in 2021 and 4.84 billion tons in the south-central region, which together amounted to 109.4 tons, representing about 60 per cent of the country ' s total demand;
The north-west, south-west, north-east, and north-east are only 39% of the country’s total demand. In terms of bone content, the need for hot spots is high. The first seven plates, the Pan-Long Triangle, aggregates 70% of China’s total sandstone demand, amounting to 12.6 billion tons per year, and the concentration of bone consumption in hot spots is becoming more apparent.
The aggregate demand for the three major clusters along the route amounted to 7,394 million tons, representing 41.3 per cent of the country ' s total sandstone demand. Figure 26: Demand for sandstone bone in hot spots (tonnes) 2021. Resource-based attributes create high profitability barriers and market concentration is expected to increase further
In recent years, owing to the persistent rise in the prices of bone materials, the closure of large numbers of small mines in 2016-2019 due to environmental factors, the phasing out of backward capacity and the untimely replenishment of additional capacity, and a marked decrease in the number of mines and sandy production, the national average price of sandstone remains rose from 46 yuan per ton in 2016 to more than 110 yuan per ton in 2021.
In 2016-2022, the gross profits of the head cement industry, which is represented by new Chinese cement, conch cement, etc., rose from 38% to 57%, and most cement companies now have a greater gross profit than the current head concentration of the country's sandstone industry, which faces a problem of “small dispersion”.
Because of the high-profit barriers associated with the resourceization properties of sandstones, firms such as construction materials, water, electricity, metallurgy, engineering, urban construction, etc. have been active in recent years. With large state companies, China, and China moving into the field of sandstones, it is hoped that they will be able to use their own funds, industrial chains, etc.
In November 2022, we ranked 10 companies and their capacity ratios (tonnes per year, per cent) in the top 10 companies in terms of their capacity to produce sandstones. Since the 1960s, more than 20 such units have been established under the corporate umbrella of the Seven Directorates of Electricity and Power and the Nine Bureaus of Electricity and Power.
Since 2016, the company’s nine projects began to shift from contracting to investing, completing the layout of the sandy mountain resource, “North-West and South-West” within a short period of six years.
By the end of November 2022, the company had acquired 7.5 billion tons of sandstone resources to meet the annual design capacity of the sandstone bone, 360 million tons/year; 60.54 million tons of sandstone bone production were in operation, ranking seventh in the country. The company's production capacity for the sandstone bone at the end of 2022 is projected to exceed 100 million tons/year, with the company's sandstone bone being planned for 2025.
Most of the company’s sandbone projects are not yet operational, and there is still much room for improvement in the sandbone industry. The company started with hydropower, and in recent years, with the acceleration of new energy generation, the company’s new energy epc is earning fast.
Rapid growth has become a major driver of growth in corporate revenue. At the same time, the company has accelerated the expansion of new energy investments and operations based on engineering, planning and design, and has invested in building an industry-wide chain of advantages. In the first half of 2022, the company achieved operating revenues of $264.7 billion, or 6.1 per cent, of which engineering contracting and surveying were carried out.
Perc accounts for 80 per cent of the company's revenue, and there is a significant competitive advantage in hydroelectric engineering. The company's annual operating income structure shows 95 per cent for engineering and 5 per cent for survey design, of which 20 per cent for hydro, other electricity, 13 per cent for infrastructure engineering and 62 per cent for epc.
Hydroelectric engineering is the company’s traditional and core business. Hydroelectric engineering projects are hydrologic and geologically complex, with a high volume of work, and require a high degree of integration and technical barriers to various construction technologies. Thus, in engineering contracting, the company has the highest rate of Maori in hydroelectric engineering.
In 2021, the company achieved business income of $373 billion, or +12 per cent, mainly from new energy engineering, water and environmental engineering, and municipal facility engineering.
Further optimization of the business structure; Māori rate of 10.9 per cent compared to 0.9 pct, mainly due to the continuing rise in prices of labour, raw materials and logistics affected by the epidemic.
Electricity investment and operation is expected to accelerate with a high rate of Māori investment and operation. Electricity investment and operation is an important business for companies that mainly invest, build and operate throughout their life cycle in clean energy projects such as wind power, photovoltaic power, hydropower, water pumping, and storage.
19.1gw installed capacity for the controlled grid power project, of which electricity, wind, photovoltaics, 6.9, 7.3 and 4.5 per cent of the company ' s main business income, mainly due to higher electricity and water revenues and higher revenue from offshore fires; higher initial fixed costs for the power plant and the continued tightening of the electricity and coal supply situation, resulting in increased coal combustion costs for the power generation operation
In the first half of 2022, the company ' s new energy operations achieved operating income of $4.22 billion, or +0.5 per cent in the same year; the Māori rate of 55.2 per cent was 13.5 pct higher than the Māori rate of the power investment and operations portfolio. In the first half of 2022, the company added 10gw to the new energy construction target.
Based on the new energy investment business guidance issued by the company, China Electricity Construction Group (CG) Ltd., the company issued a total of 48.5gw of the 14th Five new energy loader targets for its 28 sub-enterprises, including 25.5gw of the total design yard and 7.0gw of the 5 construction units.
According to incomplete statistics, there are currently more than 258 pumping energy projects in the country with a total capacity of 327gw, of which 38 are acquired by companies, with site resources of 44.8gw, the third highest in the country.
During the 14th Five-Year Plan, the company plans to approve an investment in the capacity of about 23gw in pumping-power plants, with a total investment of over RMB 160 billion. Currently, the company has approved 22 pumping-power projects for the establishment of a project company to carry out prior work, and projects for the resumption of investment-building and prior-period work have met the 14-Year Plan.
According to the Opinion issued by the National Development and Reform Commission on the further improvement of the mechanism for the pricing of pumping capacity (633), it is clearly proposed that the pumping power plant will implement a two-system electricity price, which will be approved in an incentive manner and incorporated into the transmission and distribution price, guaranteeing an internal return of 6.5 per cent on capital for 40 years of operation.
During the first half of 2022, other business sections achieved operating income of $18 billion, or 24.8 per cent, and accounted for the decline in income from the main battalion operations.
The main reason for the growth in the Māori portfolio is the higher domestic concession revenue and the increase in Māori size. In the first half of 2022, the company ' s sandstone operations achieved operating income of $1.62 billion and net profit of $470 million.
According to data published by the Chinese cement network, the company acquired 4.5 billion tons of sand and gravel reserves in 2022, corresponding to 24.9 billion yuan in mine catch costs. By the end of November 2022, the company accumulated 7.5 billion tons of sand and gravel reserves, which would satisfy the design capacity of 360 million tons per year.
As of the end of June 2022, the sandstone bone was designed to produce 6,054 tonnes/year, and the company planned to produce 43.2 million tonnes/year of new green sand projects in 2022.
During the “14-05” period, the company's domestic investment plan for green sand is set at $50 billion. We expect to increase the dollar to $20.3 billion, the gross profit from $2.1 billion to $6.1 billion, and the net profit from $1.4 billion.
Energy power orders are growing rapidly, and new energy and water-pumping storage power drives are driving.
In the first half of 2022, companies signed new energy power contracts amounting to $226.5 billion, or +11.6 per cent, or 39 per cent of the total, or +8.5 per cent. Of this amount, new energy contracts amount to $166.2 billion, or +167.4 per cent, respectively.
With the return of the costs of the photovoltaic main industrial chain, the rise of wind power at sea, new energy loadings will be on the verge of a new wave, and new contracts with companies are expected to continue to grow. From 2019 to date, companies have signed new contracts for more than 500 million pumping energy projects totalling about $30.5 billion.
There is still much room for growth in the future. Moreover, the construction of the pumping power plant is a company’s high-morigin hydropower epc operation, which will provide a good support for the company’s profitability in the future.
The growth rate was 9%. Of these, infrastructure engineering projects and others containing hydropower, electricity and new energy projects played a pivotal role. In 2021, corporate infrastructure construction projects/other construction projects contracts amounted to 1.18.0 trillion yuan, compared to +13.6%, representing 46/43% of the total number of construction projects, respectively.
New sources of energy, water extraction, market climate resonance, hydropower, electricity, and new energy-in-progress projects, and company revenues are expected to rise to a new level. New energy loadings are expected to grow at a robust rate, accelerating their entry into the top energy operators.
By the end of June 2022, the company held a new energy loading capacity of 9.1gw, of which wind power 7.3gw, photovoltaics 1450 was added to the average new energy capacity of the country's mainstream power generation group, the “Fifty-Fifty-Fifty-Fifty-Fifty-Fifty-Fifty” (Fifty-Fifty-Fifty-Fifty-Fifty-Fifteen) with a capacity of approximately 45gw.
Prospectively to become a sandstone head business, with future opportunities for profitable growth, China's Cement Network predicts that the bone production capacity of the cement industry will exceed 1 billion tons/year during the “14th Five” period, and that the osteoporosis capacity of Hubei, Jiangxi, and Guangxi regions will double during the “14th Five” period.
The company plans to achieve a total production capacity of 3,20 million tons/year of sandstone ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore.
The company’s share of the company’s market is further enhanced by the expansion of green sand and stone production opportunities. The company’s structure is highly similar to that of China’s eight largest buildings, including China’s construction, China’s iron construction, China’s border construction, China’s Chinese smelt, China’s construction capacity, China’s chemistry, and China’s eight largest buildings.
With construction as the core of the business, it varies from one industry to another. Considering the size of the company, the share of electricity construction is relatively large. We have chosen China for iron construction, China for hand construction and China for construction, which has been affected by the epidemic in recent years. The prices of manpower, logistics, etc., have risen steadily, adding to the prices of raw materials such as light-volatage silicon.
As a new energy-building leader, companies account for a relatively high share of new energy-engineering construction operations with a temporary low Māori rate in their intake structure, so net interest rates are lower than China’s cross-border construction of infrastructure and China’s iron construction, which is similar to its business structure.
Intra-epidemiological policy is gradually being optimized, prices of raw materials are falling upstream for new energy sources and corporate profitability is expected to increase. Corporate turnover is higher, accounts receivable accounts are lower than industry companies, and are better off among construction firms; low turnover of corporate assets, mainly new energy sources and premises in recent years.
Higher inputs of fixed assets for investment operations, such as production; lower turnover of company stock, mainly due to higher inventory, mainly based on the development costs and products of the premises. With the presentation of the property plate, the company ' s inventory will be large. Figure 62: Comparison of the company ' s turnover of fixed assets with its counterparts (subsequently)
Figure 64: Company-to-peer accounts receivable as a percentage of revenue (%)
The company’s interest multipliers and cash flow ratios are at the upstream level of the industry, figure 66: Company-to-peer flow ratios (multiplier)
Figure 67: Comparison of companies with their counterparts ' interest earned multiples (multiplier) Figure 68: Comparison of net cash flows/current liabilities of companies with their counterparts ' operations (multiplier)
There has been an upturn, mainly as a result of the increase in the remuneration of company employees as the size of the business expanded. The R & D/fiscal rates of companies were 3.6 per cent/1.7 per cent, respectively, in 2021, at a higher level in the same industry. The higher financial costs of companies were mainly due to higher levels of corporate investment in construction projects.
Progress on the construction of the ppp project is gradually recognized, and the return on financing is expected to increase further. Figure 71: Comparison of the cost of research and development by companies with their counterparts (%) Figure 72: Comparison of the cost of finance by companies with their counterparts (%)
The net interest rate on corporate homecoming and net cash flow on business activities fluctuated over time. Of this, the decline in net interest rates on corporate homecoming in 2019 was mainly due to increased competition in the traditional design business market, lower levels of gross profit on real estate in the current year than in the same period of the previous year and higher commercial real estate upgrades; cash flows on corporate business activities in 2019.
The net negative growth was due mainly to factors such as the lengthening of the repayment cycle for construction operations, the acceleration of payments by suppliers, such as private enterprises, and the credit spreads of the finance firm; and the lower-than-low net cash flow from corporate operations in 2021, mainly due to changes in accounting policies and delays in the timely generation of cash inflows from closed projects.
Figure 75: Comparison of net cash flows of companies with their counterparts ' operations with the same rate of increase (%): Figure 76: Comparison of companies with their peers ' share (%) Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
Engineering contracting and survey design operations: Engineering contracting and survey design operations can be divided into three components: hydro engineering, infrastructure engineering, and survey design.
From 2022 to 2025, revenues from engineering contracting and surveying design operations increased from $457 billion to $704.3 billion, and cagr electricity investment and operations: investment and operations consisted mainly of five types of power sources, including wind, photovoltaic, hydroelectric, pumping, and fire power. Given that the price of photovoltaic silicon is already in the lower zone, downstream photovoltaics are expected to accelerate.
We believe that it is more likely that the company will be able to meet the 14th Five-Year Energy Equipping Target, and that it is expected to be able to do the manufacturing and leasing of equipment in 2025: the more growing business in the manufacturing and leasing of equipment is the gravel bone. Given that the sandstone mines are well resourced, we have completed the national layout of the South-East North-West North-West, which we consider to be the 14th Five-Five.
The company’s sandstone production is more likely to be on the ground, and it is expected that early in 2025, the company’s sandstone material will reach the capacity of the investment project to start construction. Energy epc and operations will accelerate further; and the rapid growth of new energy loaders will accelerate the build-up of storage capacity, the company.
Operations such as pumping energy will be fully profitable; as domestic outbreak prevention and control policies are gradually optimized, local logistics traffic restrictions will be fully liberalized, construction needs will be further boosted, the supply of and demand for gravel remains will be balanced, and the high rate of Maori sand and bone operations will continue to increase corporate returns.
The assumptions for the next four years are set out in the table below: Sensitivity analysis for the absolute valuation . The absolute valuation is more sensitive than for the growth rates of ke and perpetuity, and is presented in the table below.
From the point of view of corporate engineering contracting and surveying, electricity investment and running two major businesses, China can choose between building, powering, and energy from the tri-gorges for the same company. The company and China can build a two-column company for domestic electricity, with a highly similar business structure, but the company’s volume and market position are superior to that of the other company.
There are opportunities to gain access to more resources and growth opportunities. Company power and tri-gorge energy are among the country’s leading new energy investors and operators, the “Five Six or Two Design Houses”, with new energy installed capacity expected to reach 55, 57, 50gw in 2025 and Gagr in 2022-2024.
The growth rate is significantly higher than that of the two companies mentioned above, and the company’s new energy operations are justified by higher valuations. Taken together, China is able to build comparable companies, despite the related size of operating assets, but the main industry is still a traditional building, which is still undervalued at this stage; and the power wind asset is more significant and profitable than it is at this stage.
The company’s relative valuation is currently significantly lower than the average of comparable companies. Given the company’s high-growth new energy operations, and its better market position in the area of power generation, we give it to the company.
We maintain a “buy-in” rating for the company’s leading position and better growth in electricity construction. We have adopted absolute and relative valuation methods that combine from multiple angles to arrive at a reasonable valuation of the company’s free cash flow over a number of years, the calculation of the cost of equity funds (ke), the assumption of tv and the estimation of comparable companies.
(a) The selection of the value parameters is integrated into the judgement of many individuals, which in turn leads to the risk of a deviation in the valuation, specifically the high annual free cash flow calculation, which leads to an optimistic valuation;
At 3.0 per cent, risk premium of 6.5 per cent, there may still be a risk of undervalued or undervalued parameters, resulting in undervalued values for the company;
(b) Relative valuation: we have chosen the “Fifty Four or Two Design Houses” that are the same or similar to the company's business.
For example, China compares relative valuation indicators such as construction, power generation, energy sources such as the three gorges, taking into account differences in public sector operations, market position and performance growth, amends the average industry dynamicspe, and invests more in new energy, water extraction, sandstone and other types of operations during the industry's average "145" period.
Companies are critically tested by the National Investment Commission's “one-to-one-down” test, cash flows may tighten, investment financing may be difficult to keep pace with the expected build-up, and there may be a higher than expected risk of investment and operational performance forecasts.
Less progress is expected, and the return on investment in the project is likely to be low. With the country’s sandbones entering the market in a biased way, market supply capacity may be excessive, resulting in a fall in the single price of sandbone, affecting the company’s sandbone.
The risk of increased compliance costs arising from the disruption of the operation of mega-projects abroad: the company ' s larger volume of offshore operations, the number of mega-projects newly signed abroad, the impact of unilateralism and the rise in protectionism, the possible change in the geopolitical environment in the country where the project is located, and the disruption of priority project advancement may significantly enhance project performance
The loan interest rate increases the company’s financial costs: the company’s higher investment and transport costs, such as new energy sources, will be higher in the coming years, resulting in higher capital spending and loan amounts.
Financial costs may have a more negative impact on the rate of return on the project and on the company’s future profitability. The risk of new competitive projects with less than expected electricity prices: for power levels off the guaranteed grid, there is a need to engage in market-based trading, while for green electricity products purchased through direct power trading, the transaction price is from the power generation enterprise to the electricity.
Power users have formed through bilateral consultations, clustering, etc., where there is an increase in the price of electricity for additional competing items that is lower than expected. The rise in the price of raw materials has led to a lower than expected rate of return on the projects: new energy operations undertaken by companies are downstream of the industrial chain, are more sensitive to price fluctuations in upstream raw materials, and there is a risk that the rate of return will fall short of expectations.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject