New power systems are being built on the same lines as solar power generation + green power operation 8 November 2022 Clean energy construction, providing full-chain integration services.
Resources and environment, urban construction and infrastructure, with new sources of energy and water extraction as its core, undertook planning and design tasks for more than 80 per cent of the country's rivers and hydroelectric plants, 65 per cent of its wind power and solar power projects, with regulations in place.
The engineering and survey design operation is public and is based on a one-stop shop.
The largest contribution was made by the Division, which has contributed more than 80 per cent in recent years; the Māori ratio of power investment and transport operations, which is over 40 per cent, is a priority business for the company, with a ratio of 83.47 per cent of the company ' s clean energy holdings and grid capacity as of the end of June 2022.
During the year, the share of the country ' s total installed capacity in clean energy increased from 28.50 per cent in 2012 to 45.40 per cent in 2021, an increase of 16.90 percentage points. In terms of additional installed capacity, the share of new installed capacity in clean energy in 2021 was 73.40 per cent.
According to the 14th Five-Year Electricity Development Plan Study, initial wind power and PV installed in late 2025 amount to 536 million kilowatts and 551 million kilowatts, respectively, and, by 2021, solar power had reached 635.04gw, with a projected compound acceleration in four years.
14.38% are expected to continue with high growth rates in the future. Companies are expected to continue to benefit as the leader of the new energy-building domain.
Grown-up, economically optimal, and one of the most large-scale development conditions, the company is the absolute master in the field of pumping water storage, participating in the design and construction of more than 90 per cent of the country's pumping power plants, leading the construction of pumping power plants and participating in a number of countries.
In addition to the development of regulations and regulations for the industry, a new energy and pumping energy leadership group has been set up, and the China Hydropower Society has been set up as a branch of the pumping energy industry, with leading advantages in terms of technology, human resources, and so on.
2021-2035), projected for 2022-2030, the average annual compound increase in the size of the pumper will increase the risk of increased pressure; installed capacity will increase at a slower rate than expected; policy risk will lead to less-than-expected corporate profitability; increased industry competition risks: macroeconomic downside risks: recurrent effects of the epidemic
Risks of work progress; occurrence of force majeure events such as natural or man-made disasters, etc..1 China Power-building: global clean energy poles, targeting world-class targets Clean energy poles, providing full-chain integration services.
"Corporate" is the global flagship for clean, low-carbon energy construction, with companies operating in more than 130 countries and regions around the world, covering engineering contracting and surveying design, electricity investment and operation, real estate development, equipment manufacturing and leasing, and other industries, with a capacity to plan, survey, design, construction, operation, equipment manufacturing and investment finance, and other industry-wide service chains.
The company focuses on “Water, Energy, City” with energy power, water resources, urban construction and infrastructure operations as the three main sectors, with new energy sources and water retention as the core of the industry, undertaking planning and design tasks for more than 80% of the country's rivers and hydroelectric plants, more than 65% of the wind power generation and solar power generation.
The company has a complete exploration design for hydroelectric, thermal, wind and solar power projects, construction, operation of core technological systems, extensive experience in water extraction storage, infrastructure development, and has delivered a series of industry leaderships to world and global clients over the years.
On 30 November 2009, the China Hydropower Group and the Hydropower Advisory Group co-sponsored the establishment of China Hydropower Construction Company Limited. On 30 September 2011, the company first publicly released a total of 3 billion shares, which were listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
Changed to “China Electricity Construction Co. Ltd.” and in 2014 to “China Electricity and Power” for securities. In 2015, the company took over eight hydroelectric and wind survey design assets under the Corporation's flag. In 2022, the company and its subsidiaries transferred them to the holding shareholder, the China Power Construction Group, by private agreement.
The company and its subsidiaries are limited to transferring real estate assets held by the company, replacing them with the high-quality power grid support industry held by the company, and completely stripping off the real estate business. Engineering contracting contributes core revenue and continues to climb up the value chain.
Operations are engineering contracting and surveying design operations, electricity investment and operation, other operations (mainly equipment manufacturing and leasing, gravel development and sale, merchandise trade and sale of goods, franchising and services, etc.). Engineering commitments and survey design operations are the core business of the company and have contributed more than 80 per cent of the revenue in recent years; electricity investment and operation
At the end of June 2022, the ratio of company clean energy, source-controlled and networked capacity reached 83.47%. Companies are constantly upgrading to the higher end of the value chain based on the integration of the industrial chain, increasing their capacity for resource integration.
To a lesser extent, the integration of hydro-energy sand cities is a unique advantage for companies to distinguish from other buildings, with structural adjustment and construction projects accelerating, and the market’s competitive advantage increasing. The company’s equity structure is more concentrated, and the actual controlling person is the National Investment Commission.
The power-building group, Inc., has a share ratio of 58.93 per cent. There are 86 subsidiaries, of which 43 are fully owned, and 65 have 50 per cent or more shares.
The combined rate of increase is 7.69 per cent. Since 2019, the net profit growth rate for corporate returns has remained steady and steady. The higher rate of increase in public non-net profits in 2021 was mainly due to the lower base of net profits resulting from higher losses in the disposal of non-liquid assets in 2020.
In terms of operational structure, the engineering contracting and survey design business is the core business of the company, with over 80 per cent of the total revenue received in the last five years and 83.56 per cent of the total operating income in 2021; the electricity investment and operation business collection has continued to grow, and for the last five years clean energy sources, such as electricity generation and hydropower, have been closely linked to the engineering and engineering contracting and survey design operations
1.47% of the business is closely linked to corporate engineering contracting, and efforts have been made to improve the equipment level of the company and to guarantee the success of the project. The Māori ratio for electricity investment and operation has been above 40% since 2017, with a declining share, mainly due to a combination of lower prices for online electricity and higher coal prices;
The overall Māori ratio for contracting and surveying design operations has remained at between 10 and 13 per cent over the past five years, with a downward trend in 2021 compared to the previous year, mainly as a result of rising prices for manual labour, raw materials and logistics affected by the epidemic.
The total amount of the pooled funds does not exceed RMB 15 billion and, after deduction of the related distribution costs, is proposed for use in the category of contract for precision engineering projects, operational projects for investment in strategic development areas, projects for procurement of equipment for offshore wind and wind surveys and construction operations, and supplementary liquidity and repayment of bank loans, as follows:
This non-public fund-raising campaign will help companies meet the financial needs arising from the continued growth of their operations, take a step forward in their major corporate ventures, optimize capital structures, enhance sustainable development capabilities, and gradually move towards the traditional general contractor for hydroelectric and water construction around “water, energy, urban, sand” and, in particular, new sources of energy and energy.
The upgrading of integrated developers engaged in engineering, investment and diversified operations in the field of water storage is strongly supported.2 Clean energy is growing rapidly, the construction of our new power system is accelerating, the construction of our new energy system continues to improve, and the construction of new power systems is expected to accelerate.
The cumulative installed capacity of clean energy increased continuously over the 10-year period, with 2021 additional installed capacity amounted to 73.40 per cent.In 2021, the cumulative installed capacity of our power generation was 2,376.92gw, of which 1,079.22gw, containing wind, light, water, nuclear power, was 1,079.22gw, or 45.44 per cent, an increase of 2.02 percentage points from the same period in the previous year.
Over the decade of 2021, the cumulative capacity of clean energy generation rose from 28.50 per cent in 2012 to 45.40 per cent in 2021, an increase of 16.90 percentage points. In terms of additional installed capacity, the capacity of new installed energy sources reached 73.40 per cent in 2021, with hydropower, nuclear power, wind power and solar power, respectively.
In September 2020, at the seventy-fifth session of the United Nations General Assembly, China declared “carbon peaks” in 2030 and “carbons” in 2060.
In October 2021, the Central Committee and the State Council issued an opinion on the complete and accurate implementation of the new concept of development, on carbon neutrality and work on carbon peaks, which proposed that the share of non-fossil energy consumption should reach about 25 per cent by 2030, and wind, with a total installed capacity of more than 1.2 billion kilowatts of electricity and solar power, and that the share of non-fossil energy consumption should be reached by 2060.
Over 80%. New energy capacity will continue to increase in the larger context driven by the "doubt carbon" policy. By 2021, our total capacity of wind power and solar power generation reached 635.04gw, leaving a gap of 565gw, on average, at 63gw per year, from the 2030 target of wind power and solar capacity of 1.2 billion kW.
New installed capacity, compared to 120.31gw in 2020, 2021 wind and solar power generation, and our country will accelerate the construction of new power systems dominated by clean energy sources such as wind power and photovoltaic power generation. In recent years, our new energy development, represented by wind power and photovoltaic power generation, has shown remarkable success, with installed power at the highest level in the world, generating electricity.
According to the 14th Five-Year Electricity Development Plan Study, China intends to achieve initial wind power and photovoltaic totals of 536 million kW by the end of 2025, and total solar power capacity of 635.04gw by 2021, with a projected compound growth rate of 14.38% in four years, with high growth rates expected to continue in the future.
In May 2022, the National Development and Reform Commission and the Energy Agency issued the Implementation Programme for the Promotion of Quality Development of New Energy for a New Era, which proposed the strengthening of planning for the development of a large wind and light power base based on its clean and efficient perimeter.
Powered coal is a new energy supply-consumption system that supports a stable and reliable super-high-voltage transmission line, and is carried by it. Policy-driven, the country will accelerate the construction of a new electricity system that is dominated by wind power and photovoltaic power, and companies will be expected to continue to benefit from the firm’s absolute leader in the construction of new energy sources.
2.2 Pumping reserves can play an important role in the operation of new power systems, and storage can play an important role in the operation of new power systems. Storage can be the process of storing energy through medium or equipment and releasing it when needed. The storage process in the power system can be effective in demand-side management.
Elimination of day and night peaks and smooth loads can also increase system stability, adjust frequency, compensate for load fluctuations. Due to problems of inadequate adaptation to large-scale, high-scale new energy connections and disbursals, with the rise in wind, photovoltaic total installed capacity, the instability and causes of wind and photovoltaic per se properties can be addressed
The current power storage is dominated by pumping capacity, battery storage, compressed air storage, flying wheel storage, etc., where the pumping capacity is dominant, based on the Cnesa Study of the Storage Industry.
White Paper 2022, by the end of 2021, China had shipped 46.1gw of the cumulative load of power storage projects, accounting for 22 per cent of the total global market, an increase of 30 per cent over the same year. The cumulative loader size of pumped water storage was 86.2 per cent and 39.8gw, an increase of 25 per cent over the same year.
The 14th Plan proposes the construction of a modern energy system, the promotion of the energy revolution, the construction of a clean, low-carbon, safe and efficient energy system, the acceleration of the construction of a pumping plant and the scaling of new storage technologies; and in 2021, the National Development Reform Commission issued a report on the further improvement of the pumping of water.
The Opinion on the Mechanism for Building Accumulation Prices provides a sound basis for a future market-based mechanism for pumping aqueous power plants.
In the past, non-grid investors were less involved because of the generally low level of earnings from the pumping power plant; the policy package for a solid economy, issued by the State Department in May 2022, proposed the urgent promotion of a number of energy projects, with a strong focus on the safety and security of power systems and on new energy.
Source-scale development promotes high-impact, relatively high-economic indicators for pumping energy plants, accelerated development of mature projects: by 2025, the National Energy Agency ' s medium- and long-term development plan for pumping water energy (2021-2035) proposed a doubling of the total capacity to produce from pumping water to more than 62gw; by 2030, the total capacity to produce water from pumping energy was reduced to more than 62gw.
Planning design and construction of the power plant are expected to benefit from industry development, driven by policy, with orders for 2.3 water-efficient policies and an unprecedented high level of investment in January-September.
Water and electricity construction has high technical barriers. Water and electricity construction, especially in the large-scale water and electricity hub projects that have been invested centrally, has a long construction cycle, a large investment volume, a high degree of overall construction, a higher degree of integration of mechanical and technological equipment and various types of construction technology, and companies with construction tasks require multiple types of expertise.
As a result, the hydropower sector has high technical barriers and relatively low competition. Water-building policies are intense.
Effective investment, with modest ahead-of-the-board investment in infrastructure. Construction of priority water projects, integrated stereo-transport networks, major energy bases and facilities, accelerated renovation of the urban gas pipelines, drainage pipes, etc., improved flood control and flood control, continued work on the construction of the underground polycylinders, with investment of $640 billion in the central budget; water planning for 2022
According to the Deputy Minister of Water Affairs at the workshop on working methods, the construction of water infrastructure in the country accelerated in 2021, with a total of 802.8 billion yuan in investment in water construction and more than 800 billion yuan in 2022; in May, the Council of State issued a package of 6 33 measures for a solid and stable economy, increasing the financial institutions' access to water, water and sanitation.
Support for infrastructure development and major projects, such as water transport, roads and logistics, leading banks to provide long-term loans on a scale, and the start-up of new water supplies, particularly large-scale irrigation, transportation, upgrading of old and small areas, and underground integrated tube halls: 19 specific initiatives were launched by the Ministry of Water in June to accelerate the construction of water projects, involving the expansion of water construction
:: Establishment of financing channels, promotion of 55 major water projects, acceleration of irrigation area construction and rehabilitation, acceleration of disease risk containment, and reinforcement of water reservoirs; in September, the Ministry of Water convened an accelerated water infrastructure development movement control conference to highlight the need to build water infrastructure on a four-quarter basis, and to accelerate the construction of major water projects and the development of additional in-kind work
In January-September 2022, water construction accelerated and investments were made and completed at an all-time high. In January-September, the country invested $10,57.1 billion in water construction, an increase of 53 per cent over the previous year, of which $18,96.6 billion was earmarked for local government bonds, an increase of 116 per cent over the same period, and $27,1.7 billion in bank loans and social capital, an increase of 75.5 per cent over the same period.
In an interview with the Deputy Minister of Water Affairs, the Ministry of Water will continue to keep pace with the construction of water infrastructure in the fourth quarter, further improve quality control of water construction and ensure that investments in water construction are completed over $1 trillion throughout the year.
According to the $1 trillion in investment, investments in water construction will increase by as much as 32 per cent throughout the year compared to the same period the previous year. Companies are leading companies in the water sector, with extensive engineering design capacity and construction experience, and are expected to benefit from high growth in the industry, driven by policy, and orders are expected to increase.
3 “Green power + storage power”, with significant advantages for corporate integration, 3.1 clean energy development poles, energy-building orders, and technological and human resources niches compared to the continued upgrading of new global energy power poles. Companies are responsible for more than 60 per cent of the country's total energy supply.
Planning and construction tasks for wind and solar power projects. The company ranked 100th in the wealth world in 2022, achieving a decade-long rise in rankings: first in ranking of 150th in 2022, first in ranking of Global Engineering Design, and third in ranking of 250th in ranking of global and 250th in ranking of international contractors in 2022.
China is ranked 5th and 6th in the electricity sector. In terms of technology and human resources, China has a member of the Chinese Engineering Institute and 5 masters of engineering survey design; it has set up the New Energy Regulations Research and Research Team, the New Energy Planning and Research Centre, with 9 national research and development institutions and 116 provincial ministries.
Platform, 9 matriculation stations, 11 postdoctoral workstations: 112 National Science and Technology Prizes, 3,192 Provincial Ministerial Science and Technology Progress Awards, with 27,700 patents; ownership of the General Contracting Level for Electrical Engineering, the General Contracting Level for Building Construction, the General Contracting Level for Hydropower Engineering, the General Contracting Level for Municipal Public Works, the General Contracting Level for Electricity
Special class for power engineering, specialized level for transmission engineering, stage 1 for transmission and conversion engineering, and a range of qualifications such as commissioning of electrical facilities, level 1 for commissioning, level a for on-site commissioning of smart transformer power stations, and international contracting for power engineering. The layout has a strong competitive edge in the entire industry chain, with a 24% market-wide advantage, with a high degree of proficiency in the epc, Fepc, bot, bt, etc.
New business models and operational strategies, such as bot+bt, ppp. Companies have complete wind and solar power projects, survey design and construction, run core technological systems, are leaders of global wind and power construction, have integrated management capabilities to manage large and complex processes, and can provide integrated, one-stop shops in areas such as hydropower, wind and infrastructure development.
In 2021, the company contracted 46,749 million yuan in other electricity projects, mainly wind power, photovoltaic power, which accounted for 12.08 per cent of the country ' s investment in new energy sources (excluding hydropower, fire power), as a result of which the amount of energy invested in the project accounted for approximately 60 per cent of the total.
In the sub-operations, the share of energy and electricity in the cumulative list of new contracts in January-September was rising. As the “double carbon” target moved forward, the company accelerated its strategic transformation, strategic focus and resource allocation.
A step-by-step concentration in the field of energy and electricity is expected to continue to increase. 3.2 Pump water storage can build leaders, build up leaders, build up leaders, build up technology, and become the absolute backbone in the construction of pumping power, participating in the design and design of more than 90 per cent of the country's pumping power plants.
Construction. Pumping water storage is one of the most technologically mature, economical, and large-scale conditions for development. The company has the core technical capacity to plan, survey, design, and construct pumping storage plants. It has developed sound pumping energy technology standards, and the company responded positively to the national “3060” double carbon strategy, creating new energy.
In the “10-45” priority project, China's electrical and electrical infrastructure undertook more than 85% of the project's survey design. China led the development of a package containing the “Guidelines for the Design of the Pumping and Reclamation Power Plant” and “Guidelines for the Design of Pumping and Reclamation Power Plants for the Design of Pumping Power Plants for Pumping and Pumping Power Plants for Pumping Power Plants”.
With regard to the construction of hydroelectric plants, companies have been expanding their operations, entering into new contracts for priority projects, and in 2022, they signed a new water-pumping power plant in Zhejiang.
The construction contract for major projects such as the Xinjiang Hami Pumping Power Plant and the design contract for several Pumping Power Plants, the roof of which is the largest single-power, bottom-up water-dumping well in the country, and the world's highest-rated Pumping Power Plant, will drive the Pumping Pumping Power Plant up to new heights.
Development of national and industrial regulations, with a high level of technical expertise. The company has undertaken the major construction tasks of most of the country’s large and medium-sized hydroelectric plants and hydroelectric projects, including the Yangtze Three Gorge Hydropower Station, the South North Water North Design Project, the Yellow River Small Wave Bottom Hydropower Station, the Second Beach Hydropower Station, the Dam Hydropower Plant, etc., leading to the development of hydropower technology, and the accumulation and mastering of hydropower technology.
The company has also been responsible for the preparation of a set of national and industrial regulations on water and electricity engineering, surveying, reservoirs, environmental protection, waterworks, construction, construction, pricing, mechanical power, safety monitoring, running the pipeline, etc., and has organized the Hydropower Survey Design Industry since 2006.
As the “double carbon” target continues, the pumping energy sector will be in its prime stage of gold development as an important component of the new power system.
It is expected that it will benefit from the high profile of the industry in the future, and that the pumping power industry will contribute to a new breakthrough in the company's performance. 3.3 “Integration of construction camps” has a significant advantage, with a rapid increase in the capacity of clean energy and grids.
Making use of the advantages of “input integration” and actively extending the business direction of downstream electricity investment. Electricity investment and operation is an important component of corporate industrial diversification, generating business income of $20,341 million a year-long growth of 7.88 per cent, and Māori 40.82 per cent, which is much higher than other businesses.
The gradual development of downstream investment operations in the form of long-term investment in high-quality project resources has led to the operation of medium-sized hydropower projects such as the Sichuan Leisan Sand Bay power station, the Yadu power station, the Willow power station, the Great Gold Pair power station, the Maurgai power station, etc., which have accumulated deep capacity and experience in managing and operating the entire life cycle of the project.
Technological strength provides adequate technical security for business development and the implementation of fund-raising projects. Net capacity is growing rapidly, and the share of clean energy in companies is rising year by year. In 2021, companies held shares and grid capacity of 1,737.85 kilowatts, in 2016 they held shares and network capacity of 1,105.0 kilowatts, and in five years cagr.
The electric power plant, 628.45 million kW, an increase of 18.9 per cent over the same period; the solar photovoltaic power plant, 145.16 million kW, an increase of the same year, is expected to grow rapidly with a total additional target of 48.5 gw over the “145” period.
The new energy development targets for the 28 sub-enterprises under the above guidance, which resulted in a total of 48.5gw, were added to the total size of the company at the end of the twenty-first year, with a total of 7.74gw of controlled wind power and photovoltaic power, assuming that the sub-enterprises would reach their target of 48.5gw in 2025.
3.4 Deleting of real estate operations, replacement of high-quality grid support assets Real estate block operations, replacement of high-quality grid support assets.
It was announced that, in order to properly address competition among peers, China Electric would replace the assets held in the real estate block with the assets held by the company holding shareholders in the high-quality grid support industry in China Electricity Construction Group Limited. The assets would be in the hands of the 18 electricity grid support businesses held by the company, and the shares held by the company in the three real estate companies.
On June 9, the company issued a circular on the sale of assets and related transactions to sell the remaining real estate assets at a price of $4,942 million to the controlling shareholders and their subsidiaries.
After the sale of the property, China’s electricity is completely removed from its real estate business. This separation will help to further optimize the company’s assets, improve the company’s industrial structure, improve the public sector’s profitability and asset quality, and avoid competition between the company and the parent company.
As a result of the refinancing constraints on companies, the company would benefit from being removed from its real-estate business, such as new energy development. The company would be a leader in clean energy development, with new energy sources and pumping capacity at its core, with a capacity to service the entire industry chain, such as planning, surveying, design, construction, operation, equipment manufacturing and financing.
In the area of pumping capacity, the company is the absolute master of pumping capacity, and is involved in more than 90% of the country’s savings.
Planning and engineering of the power plant, leading the construction of the pumping power plant, participating in the preparation of a series of national and industry regulations, setting up a new energy and pumping energy leadership group, leading the formation of the China Hydropower Council, which has a leading advantage in terms of technology and human resources.
The Medium- and Long-term Development Plan for Pumping Energy (2021-2035), which is expected to result in increased corporate cost pressures in 2022-2030 as a result of the divestiture of property operations, which will further optimize corporate assets, improve the company ' s industrial structure, increase the uncertainty of the company ' s profitable water situation or increase the price of raw materials;
The demand for new energy and electricity is not as high as expected, and companies are at the forefront of clean energy construction, with the risk of falling performance if the green-loading capacity is not growing as fast as expected, which may lead to less than expected order growth: increased industrial competition may lead to a decline in the speed of company orders and risks of less than expected performance;
Capital investment has fallen short of expectations, which could result in new firms signing single increases at a slower rate than expected, a decline in performance, macroeconomic downturns, and the occurrence of force majeure events, such as natural and man-made disasters. This rating system’s “market index” reference is 300 indexes.
This report is presented in an independent and objective manner and within the limits of his knowledge, without interference or influence from stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that it will be consistent with the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.