China ' s power plant (601669ch) recorded a 103 per cent increase in the order in September, with a positive boost of 103 per cent yoy
Opinion Focus: Investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) signed a contract of $773.028 billion, an increase of 48.49 per cent over the previous month.
Energy power plates, water resources and environmental plates, and new contract funds for infrastructure plates amounting to $313,351 million, $15,395 million and $28,7210 million, respectively, compared to energy engineering, traditional infrastructure and maintenance of a high profile, which fully benefits the company.
Under the policy, the capital sector maintains a high profile. For example, in the area of breakdown, as of the end of September, 377,000 water projects were under construction across the country, with investments of more than $1.9 trillion.
The investment of $823.6 billion, an increase of 64.1% over the previous year, was $66 billion more in January-September this year than it was in the year 2021. Eight of these provinces have completed their investments in excess of $40 billion, and many of them have completed their investments to an all-time high. The Ministry of Water and Sanitation completed its state service three months ahead of schedule.
The three water-related annual target tasks established by the Academy at the beginning of the year will be followed up by intensive construction efforts to generate as much in-kind work as possible and to ensure that investments in water-related construction over $1 trillion will be completed throughout the year, contributing to the stabilization of the economy.
In the last two months, the construction of two million kilowatts of pumping power plants, built by Chinese electricity, began, and the construction of two million kilowatts of pumping power plants began in Chongqing Yun, with a total installed capacity of 1.2 million kilowatts for the Yang and Hunan Mahal projects.
The project is expected to boost the development of the company’s investment portfolio, which is expected to result from the successful expansion of the project’s portfolio. 5.5 billion (intercity rail, offshore wind, epc), 4 billion for the construction of a fully pumped water storage power plant in Yunyang, and 4 billion for offshore wind power, respectively.
Surveying and construction operations equipment acquisition projects of $1 billion, replenishment of liquidity and repayment of bank loans of $4.5 billion. The increase is now well under way, and we believe it is expected to yield a profit forecast and rating for the year.
A comprehensive transformation that opens a new chapter in development. At the same time, entrusted by the relevant ministries of the country with the responsibility of planning, reviewing and implementing clean and new energy sources such as national hydropower, wind power, solar energy, etc.