The medical health research centre, the impact of the epidemic is gradually recovering, new drugs are approved and released in quantities that are expected, medicines are gradually recovering from the negative effects of the epidemic, and devices like + Respirators are being tested.
The operation benefited from the epidemic, and the new drugs were approved and sold over time. Performances met expectations, medicines were gradually recovered from the epidemic, and innovative medicines were delivered: 2020h1 agents, instruments, health-care modules generated about RMB 10.1 billion, RMB 2.64 billion and RMB 1.36 billion, respectively.
In addition, the core of the 2020h1 drug plate is non-buzz, Pittatine and Acetic Plum, respectively, which accelerates performance recovery by about 62%, 110%, and 245% respectively. Second, the company ' s innovative medicines are approved and sold as expected, expanded to include post-partum, recyclable resistance.
It appears that Hanley Kanh, which earns 224 million yuan and has lost millions of yuan in June, expects sales to reach 5 to 1. Short-term exposures, expected to drive the new medications; and Han Yo-hyok is approved for the market, with a projected contribution of more than 1 billion yuan.
3 Medical kits benefit from the rapid release of the epidemic, and medical services are expected to recover after the outbreak: 2. "The first car-t to report production in China.
In addition, H1's new coronary test box and related product revenue is about 3. " Performance is up to expectations, withholding non-q3 seasons increases faster than the first half of the year when the number of Da Vinci robots reloaded and the number of surgeries recovered rapidly.
500 million dollars, with both negative pressure ambulances and respirators released rapidly; acute technology (sisram) was affected by the epidemic, which dropped slightly, actively expanding emerging markets and recovering from the epidemic. 20q1 was seriously affected by the epidemic, q2 gradually recovered, with emergency cases, discharges, and surgical cases expected.
There has been a steady increase in both numbers, with a positive increase in the health-care portfolio throughout the year. Increased investment in research and development, good innovation, and good progress on the new crown vaccine: company h1 year clinical) and its joint drug program (3 clinical), antivegf biolikes (3 proxies)
In addition, the co-operation with Biontech on the new brand-new mrna vaccine entered the clinical stage in July, and the future clinical results are expected. The risk to performance from the impact of the Auxiliary Drug Catalogue, the health insurance transfer catalogue, and the procurement of vectors, among others: no research and development.
Risks of meeting expectations: risks of less than expected sales of innovative medicines on the market; uncertainty about declining financial costs. Chart 1: Inventory of clinical progress in the foreign world (as of 2020.8) Chart 2: Inventory of clinical progress in the domestic context of the drug (as of 2020.8)
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment