The company announced that the retail price of the domestic market for the dominant product is to be increased from $530/particle to $530/particle.
590 yuan/particle, with a corresponding increase in supply prices of about 40 yuan/particle; and a corresponding increase in supply prices in overseas markets 1. " Performance is as expected, core products are achieved in a single quarter. Performance is as expected and core varieties are growing robustly:
The company's performance is largely due to the growth in sales of core products, with strong product power of “500-year transmission + 2. “core products growing steadily, growing daily at a high rate of double-secret + natural musk use”.
At the same time, the company increased its scientific investment in the secondary development of the main product, September 2019, 3. "The main product is growing steadily on a high base, the cosmetics are ready, the results of the clinical study on the treatment of liver cancer are published.
There is a clear role in pain, the stabilization of liver function, and the improvement of clinical symptoms.
In recent years, against the backdrop of higher prices for raw materials and higher labour costs, a small amount of Māori products has slipped, and the rate of Māori for hepatitis drugs (mostly ) declined in the first three quarters of 2019.
Since the core product of the company is primarily for high-end consumers, it is relatively insensitive to price increases. And because the company has a system of first-to-prior payments and a smaller stock of channels, we look at the pieces.
Xufifi xufeifei@qjzq.com.cn price hikes led to a drop in sales; insufficient supply of natural musk raw materials; lower-than-expected artificial musk breeding; and experience canals
Road openings are lower than expected; branding is less effective than expected; high valuation risk is high; relevant report rating ratios are analysed in the market, and the final rating is then calculated on average and built as average market investment