Reverse transformers are strong and storage is expected to grow rapidly — a dynamic study by Sunshine Power (300274.sz).
$105052111008 zhanghan3@cfsc.com.cn is the front line in the photovoltaic reverse transformer sector, with products containing household reverses, medium power
As of December 2021, the sun power had accumulated in the global market, and the equipment was installed beyond 224gw. It was also the country's first to go into the field of storage power.
One industry, the Sunshine Power Storage System, has been operating in a number of countries and regions, with lithium power storage being the first largest company in China for six years in a row. 2022h1 company has achieved an operating income of $12,281 million, an increase of 49.58%.
Achieving a net return of $900 million, an increase of 18.95 per cent over the previous year, is in line with the preponderance of performance, mainly due to the rise in shipping costs for the reverse agent operations, the impact of the increase in the price of core raw materials such as power devices, electricity cores, etc. on the Māori rate, while the company's overseas storage capacity operations
Growth, resulting in higher costs of after-sales services, personnel costs, higher sales costs, higher volumes of photovoltaic reverse transformers, higher product diversification, photovoltaic reverse transformers, the company's core business, and 2022h1 photovoltaic reverse transformers.
A total of 3,055,000 units were delivered from photovoltaic transformers. The end of the product, the company added to the European, American, Australian and Chinese channel layouts, and the roll-out.
There are superior photovoltaic reverse transformers with flexible compatibility with 600w+ large components, global mppt programs, and translable board designs to match business scenes. At the same time, companies have launched multi-purpose new products that cover households, businesses, businesses, etc., for overseas city demand.
The large ground power market, which has begun to be applied in a number of projects, has increased product diversification. Companies are expected to continue to reap the benefits of their photovoltaic reverse transformer operations as a result of the high profile of the photovoltaic industry and to sustain steady growth.
With the rapid growth of the energy industry and the recent outbreak of company storage operations, the 2022h1 storage system generated 2,386 million revenues, an increase of 159.33 per cent, or 159.3 per cent, over the same period.
In the first half of the year, the household stock was the first in six years in a row in a row. The first half of the year was the first in a row.
45,000 deliveries, 62,000 in business and industry. Large reserves: due to the still weak economy of large domestic reserves, companies focus on overseas markets, targeting global markets with a share of more than 20%.
On the ground, we see that the company’s storage capacity will continue to grow at a high rate. The storage capacity business has not progressed as expected; competition patterns in the inverter industry have deteriorated; prices of raw materials have risen significantly; and there is a risk of large exchange rate fluctuations.
Zhang Chai: Head of the Electrical Equipment Unit, Master of Financial Sciences, Bachelor of Science, University of Nakayama, four years of experience in the securities industry, focusing on the fields of photovoltaics, wind power, storage energy.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should independently assess the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.