Sunshine Power (300274): Inverter's coming out, continuously rising, shipping charges, price increases, Sunshine Power.
Financial highlights: The company disclosed its semi-annual report for 2022, which generated revenues of $12,281 million, a year-on-year increase in the amount of photovoltaic inverters, wind currenters, energy storage systems, and new invertors that continued to grow rapidly, while the increase in shipping fees and raw materials affected short-term profitability.
Energy motors, water-surface photovoltaics, intelligence, 49,59 per cent growth in corporate revenue, and rapid growth in income mainly from the main industry, photovoltaic converters and storage services, are the largest photovoltaic inverter in the country.
The rapid upswing of the system, the inverter and the storage capacity, grew by 65.21% and 159.33%, respectively, over the same period last year. The company’s profits grew at a much slower rate than the recovery, mainly because of the maintenance of high sea freight charges in the first half of the year, the impact of the epidemic on domestic freight, and the power of critical raw materials, the core.
There is a trend towards higher prices for both supply and supply, a decline of 5.63 per cent in the Māori rate for inverter operations, and a fall in the Māori ratio for storage operations in the second half of the year, where high Māori households use and the share of offshore households increases to guide customers to higher prices and higher upstream prices, and where corporate profitability is at stake.
In the first half of the year, 30.88gw light-voltage units were installed in the country, and the demand for ground-based power stations was delayed due to the high cost of their components, resulting in only 36.4% of the ground-based power stations, with the price of silicon falling gradually in the future, and the ratio of ground-based power stations to the company will rise again.
One is that companies, with their low-cost innovative capabilities, continue to roll out high-valued electricity switching products, which have built a global reputation and now account for more than 30% of the world’s markets.
The channels, brands, product barriers established by the company constitute the competitive moats. (2) In a number of areas, such as energy storage systems, wind-power transformers and photovoltaic household products, synergies between the technology, channels and so on accumulated by the company in the reverse-changer sector will support joint development of the main industries.
Gengzy@dxzq.net.cn Source of Eastern Finance and Leaning Power (300274); Reverser cargo continues to rise and shipping costs, power core price increases affect short-term performance
The source of the financial boom in the East, the research assistant's profile, Gently Yo.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Sunshine Power (300274): Reverse cargoes continue to rise, and shipping charges, power core price hikes affect short-term performance and do not guarantee that the information and advice contained in the report will not change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.