In 2022, h1, the company was in a global city.
\triangleright field inverters have reached 45gw, an increase of 60.71% from the previous year, with a significant increase in speed. In terms of access, companies have added codes to European, American, Australian and Chinese channels, forming the world’s five largest service regions, 70+ global services.
At the same time, the company has a customer-centred marketing service network with a global client, Deng Young-kang, and has a series of gw-level counterchange orders, with distributed market performance continuing.
In terms of products, the structure of the company's products is diverse, covering markets such as household use, business, large terrestrial power stations, and the concentration of 300kw+ new technologies.
Koo Yingzhen sg320hx, Modular Reverser 1+x of subversive tradition should have a wide range of global scenes s01052207002
In terms of distribution, the company has launched a new sg110cx PV in order to match business scenes with the advantages of flexible compatibility with 600w+ large components, global mppt programmes, translable sheet design, etc., to further expand the market for small- and medium-power inverters.
The storage capacity is robust and is expected to grow steadily. 2022h1 is capable of generating 2,386 million yuan, compared to \triangleright 1. Storage energy. Depth 1: space, economics in the global sub-regional market.
The first generation of power electronics, electrochemistry, and grid technologies combine a whole series of liquid cold energy solutions, poweritan, powerstack, to continue the cooler, warmer, less functional features, while supporting new, older batteries, which can further reduce lcos.
Global markets such as the Americas, the Middle East and others are being used in bulk, power stations are operating steadily upwards and are expected to benefit from lower prices in the industrial chain. As of 2022, h1, companies \triangleright
The company continues to increase its research and development investment, the pool of smart energy solutions continues to be upgraded and the application landscape is more comprehensive; the most recent isolarrof household design software, which helps power households use photovoltaic plants to achieve mitigation efficiency and efficient power generation, is also being developed.
In addition, with the gradual release of silicon production capacity, the power plant link is expected to benefit from the decline in silicon prices and to continue to improve profitability. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.