South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) performance summary: 22h1 company received $12,281 million, an increase of 49.59 per cent in comparison; net return to mother
● Reverser sales have continued to increase, with freight and raw material prices affecting profitability. 22h1 photovoltaic transformer shipments have continued to increase as global installed machines have grown, with companies in the first half of the year over 30gw, of which the second quarter is about 20gw, with an increase of more than 55% in the ring, and overseas exports of about two thirds.
The net interest rate ring decreased by about 2.5 pp, mainly due to higher freight costs and higher prices for raw materials such as power devices, power cores, etc. At the same time, companies strengthened their channels in Europe and the United States, Australia and the country, increasing sales costs and raising the cost of h1 sales to 9.1 per cent, with a 9.6 per cent increase in the second quarter.
• The development of power stations has been limited by the rise in the price of the industrial chain, which is expected to grow rapidly in the second half of the year with the start of the ground power plant project. The first half of the year was influenced by the constant rise in the price of the industrial chain, the high price of components, the introduction of new domestic installed units, mainly in a distributed manner, and only 36% of the ground power station installed, so that the power plant investment and development operations are subject to a certain degree of activity
Constraints. The 22h1 company power plant development operation received 2,877 million yuan, an increase of 7 per cent. The 21h2 company power plant development received about 7 billion yuan, an increase of about 160 per cent over h1, which was released mainly as the domestic ground power station project started in the second half of the year. The price and loading of the industrial chain in 2022 were similar to that of 2021, the h2 ground power station project.
In the reporting period, companies increased their R & D investment and the number of R & D personnel increased by about 50%. R & D costs in the first half of the year amounted to $723 million, a year-on-year increase.
With continued R & D inputs, 22h1 companies have added 344 patents, accumulated 2338 patents, and enablers maintain technological competitiveness in a wide range of areas such as power conversion equipment, storage and hydrogen energy. Profit predictions and investment proposals: corporate reversion industry has a strong leader and global demand for storage is growing rapidly.
The company is expected to grow by 56.4% net profit compound over the next three years and maintain “buying of sunlight power sources (300274): Reverser business as a whole is stable, power stations and storage capacity are now profitable.
Sunshine Power (300274): distributional and overseas markets continue to advance, with a steady increase in profitability (2021-08-30) No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment consulting business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board and, to the extent that the company and the author know it, there are no laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.
The company or associated institution may hold securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and carry out transactions, and may also provide or seek investment banking or financial consultancy services for these companies.
Information, opinions, and assumptions reflect only the company’s judgement as of the date of publication of this report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report can rise and the past performance should not be used as a basis for future performance. At different times, the company may issue reports that are inconsistent with the information, observations, and assumptions contained in this report, and it does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. At the same time, the company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
Change, and investors should follow the corresponding updates or modifications on their own.