There has been a significant increase in sales of copper and cobalt products and positive results in the reduction of efficiency gains — the incident assessment report of the company in the Luoyang industry (603993.sh). The Luoyang industry published its semi-annual report of 2024: the company became operational in the first half of 2024.
Fuhh@cfsc.com.cn, 670.43 per cent increase in the same year; net return profits after deducting non-recurring gains and losses
In the first half of the year, the production of copper was guided to 52-57 million tons of cobalt.
For the first half of the year, in median terms, copper production was completed at a year-on-year rate of 60-7 million tons, while the international cobalt price was much lower, the international copper price was 4.45 per cent, + 4.45 per cent, and the international cobalt market averaged $12.22 per pound, +-
Cobalt project release and future production will continue with significant efficiency gains in tfm and kfm, optimizing the corporate development path through process adaptation, technological innovation, npm copper gold mining
In the first half of the year, the cost of copper sales was 3, the Luoyang molybdenum (603993): tfm copper is larger. For cobalt products, the cost of sales was 7.22 million yuan/tonne/tonne/year in 2023.
Two major world-class copper and cobalt projects, kfm and tfm, with new projects that break through a new wave of growth in tfm mixed mining projects, successfully reach production in the first quarter, successfully in the second quarter, tfm 5.
The production line was fully constructed, resulting in an annual production capacity model of 450,000 tons of copper and 37,000 tons of cobalt, making it the world ' s fifth largest copper mine and the second largest cobalt mine.kfm project benefits from early output in the first quarter of 2023, with production starting in the second quarter.
The kfm project currently has a co-operation agreement for the Nziloii hydroelectric power station with an annual production capacity of 150,000 tons of copper and 50,000 tons of cobalt, to accelerate the development of the power project and provide long-term, stable supply security for the new cycle of capacity crossing; and to continue its focus
Bio-growth potential, development of a sequenced pre-construction work in the tfm west, and positive progress in surveying the kfm II. In the first half of 2024, copper and cobalt production was expected to increase over and above the cost of corporate copper and cobalt products
A decline has been achieved, with a significant increase in performance in the first half of the year. We have slightly raised profit projections, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of investment. 1) Performance has not increased as expected; 2) major mineral costs such as copper, cobalt, etc. have been significant
(c) Risks of price volatility of major products; 4) geopolitical and policy risks of offshore mining; 5) interest rates, exchange rate fluctuations risk; 6) Safety and environmental protection and natural resource group presentation
Chinese University of Hong Kong, Master of Science in colour and new materials research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, for not having done so, nor for having submitted specific proposals or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on the Helium Index; the United States market is based on the Dow Jones Index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.