Performance short-term pressure, cost control plus product quality cast, moat river 27/08/2024 \triangleright \triangleright
As a result of imbalances, market games, and adjustments to downstream procurement strategies, high stock holdings have led to lower prices for polycrystal silicon. Production and sales have increased significantly on a year-on-year basis, and cost-control capabilities have been highlighted.
In Mongolia, the second phase of the 100,000-ton high-purity polycrystal silicon project was successfully launched, with production reaching 12.72 million tons in the first half of the year, i.e. +60.75 per cent of the year, with sales amounting to 97.1 million tons, i.e. +26.34 per cent of the year, and in the context of increased competition in the industry, the increase in the volume of goods produced highlighted the company’s branding capacity and market awareness.
On the cost side, the average unit cost for 24h1 company is $45.97/kg, the same ratio - 10.49 per cent, the average unit cost is $40.31/kg, the same ratio - 10.52 per cent, and the price of silicon as a whole is subject to industry-wide profitability.
In the context of the forest, the company’s strong cost-control capabilities are effective in helping it to reduce its losses. Looking ahead, in the second half of the year, in order to better control costs, stabilize product prices and reduce unnecessary cash consumption, the company is in the q3 phase.
Wang is like 21-22 million tons. In addition, the company will continue to step up its overseas market to ensure that the market price is volatile.
The quality of the product is excellent, and the n-form ratio is high. The quality of the company’s product has been maintained at a high level of water \triangleright, with more than 99% of the company’s output in the first half of the year and more than 99% of the supply of single crystal silicone.
The big data and modelling tools have built key quality control models, adapted to the key production loops and studied, optimized and further improved product quality, with multi-crystal silicon products primarily pointing to e-specific standards. Through continuous research and development and technological innovation, as much as 24h1 produces.
The semi-annual report for 2023 for large-scale energy (688303.sh) assesses that the cost of expansion of production capacity is optimized, and that the N-silicon product can have a denser rate of 80 per cent or more, as well as a good look, a proportion of coral-seed vegetable flowers.
2023/08/09 For silicon chain leading enterprises, good cost control and good product quality are expected to help companies cross the cycle and maintain a “recommended” rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.