High performance growth, high product drop time, China’s nine days (301269.sz) – a fast-growing domestic eda industry leader, maintaining a “buy-in” rating
The company is the leader of the domestic eda industry, and we believe that the company is expected to benefit from the integrated circuit industry landscape and nationalization $798 million in operating income in 2022, an increase of 37.76 per cent over the same period; a net profit on maternity of $186 million, an increase of 33.17 per cent over the same period; and a cash flow of $446 million from operating activities, an increase over the same period.
42.70 per cent. 2023q1 achieved business income of 160 million yuan, an increase of 64.71 per cent over the same period; the policy of achieving a net profit of return continues to be catalytic, and there is much to be gained from replacing national production. On 25 April, the Shanghai municipality issued a report on the new era of investment promotion and the acceleration of the construction of modern industries.
The policy measures set out to actively engage high-quality enterprises in the areas of chip design, manufacturing, containment, equipment, materials, etc., leading to the landing of high-quality, hard-power enterprises. Major projects and high-end software projects such as eda will be granted up to 30%, up to 100 million yuan, for the introduction of integrated circuit equipment materials such as qualified spare parts, raw materials, etc.
Supported. Policy additions are ongoing, alternative space is available for national production in the eda software industry. • Continuous build-up research and development is ongoing, product matrices are constantly enriched, and cutting edges are continuously consolidated. Radio frequency circuit designs, digital circuit designs, tablet display circuit designs, crystal-crystal manufacturing and advanced encapsulation designs, etc.
High Performance Growth, Accelerating Product Matrix Expansion - Products and Technology Solutions that are more technologically competitive are being introduced. Some of these products are leading internationally, with flat panels showing key issues such as circuit design, radio frequency circuit design, advanced envelope design, etc.
The solution fills a gap in the domestic domain of the eda tool. Given the company’s leading core technology and the advantages of a sustainable R & D system, we believe that the company will be strong in its future as a domestic eda leader.