The change dividend is gradually being realized, and the Dream Series is again leading the upgrading of the investment rating: buying (maintaining) the Qing Su-bai structure, leading to an upswing in national consumption.
Jiangsu’s capacity to consume has been highlighted, with the provincial zero share of the country following public health events rising rapidly from 8.5 per cent to 9.7 per cent, and the annual total of zero is over $4.2 trillion. In Jiangsu province, the total market for white wine has grown steadily in recent years, from 26 billion yuan in 2016 to 2021.
More than $50 billion, up to 14% in five years, the structure of white wine consumption is concentrated at the lower end and above. We measure the size of the South Sudanese area, which is about 27 billion, and occupies half of the river, the North-South region, which is over 14 billion, the Central Su region, which is about 9 billion, and the North-South differences in consumption in the provinces.
Great, now represented by South Sudan, where the use of alcohol for business activities has been gradually upgraded to over $600, we believe that Su-China and North Su-North are expected to lead the process of upgrading consumption structures in South Sudan.
Starting in 2016, the river began to adjust and the relative competitive advantage was gradually reduced. In 2019, the Department entered the reform phase, adding three major brands to the organizational management of the Ministry of Industry and Industry, finely operating the Blue Classic series with price bands, and increasing staff skills to release the management dynamic.
Vi incentives add softness to performance; product end, blue classic full price band multi-dimensional upgrades to build a new growth pole; channel end replaces deep distribution with “one major multi-subsidy” and gradually clears the canals and leads persistently.
The next phase of the ocean’s growth and consumption is marked by the next phase of the ocean’s growth and the completion of the transformation of the mega-species of M6+ and Crystal Dreams in 2020, and the completion of the interface between old and new products in 2021.
The core drivers of the upgrade are ready, and the sea and sky series are in the mainstream of the market outside the province, and given the multidimensional improvements resulting from the upgrade, the sea and sky series are expected to maintain steady growth, as the cornerstone of the expansion of the company out of the country, with the "double name wine" as the company's basic strategy, the "double name wine" as well as the goods of the ditch.
The cards operate independently and are expected to become a new pole of growth; “a predominantly channel-based, multi-trade-based” form the harmonious ecology of the manufacturer, with the cost invested in consumer-centred enhanced end-building while helping to stabilize prices through digital marketing systems and promoting consumer-supplier experiences;
At the value level, the company insists on emotional resonance to the branding of wine, building a strong reputation value through active spending. The ocean river is now entering the reform dividend realization period, and it is expected to re-open the Ocean River 2022q3 industry.
Performance rating: Blue Classic uplifting continues, 100 Days Convergence 2. Ocean River shares report performance rating 2022: full tour, re-engineering of the classics, accelerated release of the reform dividend.
The recovery in consumption has fallen short of expectations, consumption has slowed down, and regional expansion has fallen short of expectations.
The economy is strong enough to create the White Liquor Province, where consumption structure is strong, where the economy is a long-term leader, and where post-disease consumption capacity highlights comparative advantages. Jiangsu, as a developed province on the eastern coast, has a long-term lead economy, with 13 local municipalities, all of which are the country’s top 100 municipalities.
In 2022, Jiangsu had a per capita gdp of approximately $20774, the highest number of provinces (districts) in 14 consecutive years, and far above the World Bank standard gdp per capita in high-income countries of $13205; at the same time, Jiangsu had a per capita disposable income of $49862, the second highest in the country.
In the face of the external shocks caused by public health events, Jiangsu’s capacity to consume has become more resilient, with a rapid rise from 8.5 per cent to 9.7 per cent of the country’s zero share and a total of over 4.2 trillion per year.
Figure 2 shows resilience following the zero-consumption ratio epidemic in Jiangsu, where mainstream prices are high, low-intensity fragrances are low, and demand for alcohol for business is high. Economic wealth has led to higher consumption prices in the province, and the current overall consumption price of white wine in Jiangsu is gradually rising by more than $400, exceeding Anhui and River.
Jiangsu, as the province of white wine consumption, has developed mental skills and a clear demand for consumption, which in some cases results in a relatively low demand for $100-300 at a price. In terms of consumption habits, Jiangsu's population consumes a lot of alcohol and prefers medium white wine of 42-46 degrees.
Mainly, the fragrance is based on fragrance and a more euphemistic gluten of the river, and is characterized by mild cotton and a good taste. According to the consumption scene, the relatively active economy of Jiangsu (57.3 per cent of gdp in 2021) contributed 63.1 per cent to the growth of gdp across the province), resulting in higher demand for alcohol for commerce and indirectly inducing mainstream prices.
Figure 4. Medium white wine is the dominant consumption of Jiangsu. Chart 3 size & price is leading the country.
In 2016-2021, the total volume of white wine in Jiangsu Province grew steadily, from 26 billion yuan in 2016 to more than 50 billion yuan in 2021 and 14% in five years of cagr, almost doubling the growth. Structurally, Jiangsu White has also gained a strong edge, with the provincial upper/sub-higher end/medium.
The ratio of end/low end white wine to 20/22/40/18 per cent, with prices of nearly half and over $100, with prices exceeding 80 per cent, compared to the national structure of high/sub-high end/medium/low end white wine, 19/10 per cent/33 per cent, and Jiangsu white wine consumption structure, which is more head-to-head, compared to the installation of the white wine town in the eastern part of the country
In terms of production, Jiang Su-bhai production peaked in 2016 (1069,000 litres) and has remained around 200,000 litres in recent years, starting at a relatively low and negative growth rate in 2013, with the overall rhythm largely consistent with the national production of white wine.
The tendency to optimize and reduce prices is clear, and consumption at the lower end and above is a national leader. We believe that Jiangsu, thanks to his vast economic strength and ability to consume, has a higher overall structure for white and wine consumption, with rising consumption in the provinces, and high-middle- and sub-high-end markets or will continue to expand, with low- and medium-end products facing persistent condensation dilemmas.
Chart 8 Quantities lead Anhui Province, Chart 7 Quantities lead the country Quantities of Quantities (millions of yuan)
The market is more stable in Jiangsu Province, where the economy is more stable, and the world is better off than the rest of the world.
In view of the strong state of the real estate, the oligarchs dominate the sub-high-end market, with a total market share of about 45%, and other real-estate brands perform relatively flatly. The brand share is divided into two major groups within and outside the province, one of which is a national brand, including the huts, the five grain fluids, the state cellar 1573, the southern spring, etc., which dominates the high-end and small segments of the sub-high-end market, and the second one is the Anse district.
The production of wine, including the Guai Goon, the glorification wine, the mouth cellar, etc., has a penetration share of less than 10% because of their proximity to the region. There is also a low-line share of the national bottle of wine, such as Cattle Mountain, Bo, etc. Jiang Soo-Bei, with a large number of brands, consumers are more inclusive of brands as a whole, but the regional name of the Liquor River, the End of the World, etc., is based on the province.
The accumulation of brand power over the years and the fragrance of light pies adapted to consumption habits in the province have developed into a high-end pattern of 800-dollar high-priced belts, with national brands in absolute positions. High-end prices and brands are clear, the poo monopolizes over the high-end alcohol demand, five grains and fluids dominate the 1,000-dollar price run-off, and the old fare is in China.
By seeking to differentiate between competition and high-end image positions, local alcohol consumption, such as the ocean river, the fate of the world, etc., is still at the stage of nurturing and is expected to contribute to an increase in performance when future imports are completed. Subregional high-end prices have increased significantly, and consumer scene price segments such as commerce, banquets, etc. have been upgraded to around $400.
The main competition is concentrated between the Sioux Dragons, and the brands are centred on the Blue Dreams of the Ocean and the Kingdom of the present. The key products include the Blue Dreams, M6+, m6, Crystal, Blue of the Sky, Country V3, and the Four Kingdoms of China, which transcend the Blue of the Dreams in local markets such as Nanjing and Xiao'an, while the other markets in the province are the Blue of the Dreams.
Among the products outside the province are the sword of the southern spring, the Boiling 8 of the wells, the low cellars and the ancient 20s, all of which have a median price of $100 to $300, and the increase in the heat of the popular wine track. The ocean river and the present world continue to dominate this price belt, with players depending on the blue of the sea and the single/twinning of the sea, respectively, and with a certain degree of competitiveness.
At the end of the last few years, prices showed a relatively saturated consumer demand, limited scope for growth, and at the same time, such as the blue of the sea, subject to product maturity, high awareness, low channels and low end profit margins. From the consumption scene, North Su and parts of Central Su have more extensive ceremonial gift demand, while North Su has a sense of territoriality because they are in the middle of the river.
Since this year, the middle-end price belt has re-emerged in the new cycle, as the popular price of the spring season has heated up. Low-end prices below $100 show a war pattern that looks like a long-term increase in light bottles.
In order to disperse, the low-end products of the real estate and the national branded wines are heavily mixed. Major competitions include the low-end products of the local wine factory, such as the Twin Gooses, the Ocean Rivers, and the national luminous wines of Bo, Old Village Chiefs, Caves and Green Bottles. Currently, 50 yuan + high-light bottled wines are growing at a relatively rapid rate, and according to research from various sources, they occupy about 300 million capacity in Jiangsu province.
The purchase rate is high. A large number of liquor companies are currently actively setting up a $50-100 high-light bottle track, taking into account Jiangsu’s economic base and cost escalation trends, with future low-end price increases. Figure 12 Price belts and major white brands (each bottle) in Jiangsu Province
Jiangsu, as a leading economic and consumer province, has gone through several rounds of major price hikes and has led the national level. Usually, prices are anchored at the top of the price of white wine, while price increases in P5 have released a second-high-end growth space for white wine.
The process of upgrading consumption as a big town of five grain fluids, apart from its strong economic strength, was not associated with the five grain fluids entering the golden decade in 2003, and the river was able to pick up its jump point. The same year, the series of blue classics was launched, the advance capped consumption upgrade track, and in January 2005, the price of the five grain fluids was raised to $343 per plant price.
In 2011, gdp per capita experienced a high growth rate of more than 9 per cent over the years, breaking $5,000 for the first time. In September of the same year, the five grain fluids significantly increased the price of the plant from $150 per bottle to $659 per bottle.
In 2012, white wine entered the adjustment phase for “three public consumption” until September 2016, when the price of the five grain fluids was raised to $739 per bottle, breaking the 2013 price high for the first time, marking the end of the depth adjustment period.
The next 800-dollar price belt also opened up the space for sub-high-end white wine upgrades, upgrading the world's leading products above each other in 2017, launching the V series for the first time in 2018, the blue growth of the ocean river's 2018 dream, the first core of the Sea Sky series, and the suction to over $300 price bands.
At the end of the year 2019, the river launched m6+, which led to an increase in commercial consumer prices of more than $600, and the following year, the dream blue crystal version, which completed a full upgrade of m3. At the end of the year 2020, five years later, the world's fate was raised to the fourth generation.
In conjunction with the upgrading and replacement of the core wine products, the main price belt has risen to $400.
The North-South market can be divided into three main markets: North-South, South-South, North-South, South-South, North-South, North-South, North-Subei, North-Subei, North-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su.
There is also a higher average amount of alcohol in North Provinces like the Near Shandong region. In addition, Jiangsu's brand of wine is stronger and more recognized in North Sudan. South Sudan has a high level of economic development, a leader in price escalation, and South Sudan has a high number of outsiders, resulting in a relatively complex population structure and therefore a higher degree of brand inclusion, especially at the lower end of the spectrum.
In the market, the country’s most famous wines and insignias have a share in Susi, among other places. The Middle and Middle regions are between the South and the North, and are smaller in size.
The size of the Su Central region is around 9 billion; in the cities, the size of Suzhou, Nanjing, etc., and the combination growth in the past was faster, while the size and pace of the Yangzhou, townships, etc. were relatively slow.
Time selection: data for 2021 are selected for each indicator. Chart 15 shows the size of white wine cagr for 2016-2021 in the municipalities of Jiangsu Province. Main price ranges from north to south typically upgraded.
From the north to the south, Subei residents have a strong personality and a high and high level of alcohol consumption of 46 degrees, as a result of their proximity to the provinces of Shandong and Henan. The Subei market has a public consumption price of $100-200, the market is relatively closed, the market is largely competitive, and economic development is relatively high relative to the South.
At the same time, the traditional North Subei industry is more concentrated, so the high-end sales of white wine are more stable. The Central Su region has a more advanced economy and a higher per capita consumption of white wine, and the main consumer price is 200 to 300 dollars, and the prices are in the middle of the scale compared to the rest of the world, with the main sub-high end.
The south of the country has a more developed economy, a soft and moderate population, and a relatively small and low level of drinking, with 42 degrees. South Sudan has a higher level of consumption and a more open market, a high acceptance of the wine from the river, a mainstream price of around $400, and a strong competition for the brand and the national brand of wine in recent years.
The situation in the municipalities and the main sub-high brands in the 16th province of the region is characterized by the geographical characteristics of the predominantly local product plate "The Three Trenchs."
One River competes, drinks a lot of alcohol, top brands: Blue of Dreams, Estates Main Prices: $200-300
Geographical characteristics: more economically developed and white per capita, major sub-high brands: dream blue, national origin Main price belt: around $400
Geographical characteristics: more economically developed, branded packages, high tolerance, relatively small per capita alcohol consumption, size of white wine: around 27 billion
Main secondary high-end brands: 5 grain fluids, state cellars, Seng Namchun, Dream Blue, Greens, Water Wells, with prices around $400-500 and Sunam leading to more than $600 in consumption.
The price of white wine is about $400-500, and there are some differences between Sunan, Central Su and North Sudan. The prices of urban business dinners in the south of the country, such as Suzhou, Tinless, Changzhou, etc., are about $400 or more, and wedding dinners are over $300. The main product is the dream of three crystal bottles, crystal swords, dream 6+, and the country’s 4th.
At a low level, North Subei's prices ranged from 300 to 600, with a relatively high blue share of the main product of the wedding feast; Su-China's consumption pattern is similar to that of South Sudan, but the price is mainly $300 to 500, and the owners of the wedding feasts are concentrated on cross-border, Quantico and Ocean River crystal bottles.
Over $600 has been upgraded, and we believe that it is expected to lead to a gradual upgrading of the consumption structure in Central and North Su.2 Reforms are on the way to delivery, with bright spots to release the ocean river growth from 2.1 product channels at both ends of the cycle, and the ocean flows into the throes.
The river is beginning to adjust, and the relative competitive advantage is gradually diminishing. The main areas are the following: at the end of the product chain, the sea weather is not changing well, the old ones are growing high; the dream series is not strong enough and the high-end strategy is not working. 1) In the face of rising consumption of white wine, the company introduced new products in 2018 in the face of the ageing of seafood products.
Sea Sky Series 5.0 upgrades packaging, alcohol, but market sales are not as expected. Before this upgrade, there is a backlog in product stocks, and the timing node for the introduction of new products is chosen for spring, in a dynamic season of price-for-priced sales, with less profit from new channels, less motivation from distributors, and consumer preference for older products with lower prices.
Because of the years of operation of the Sea Sky series, the price of old products is transparent and the profit from the channels is limited, and the willingness of distributors to promote them is low, and sea Sky products are not well replaced. 2) In the context of the expansion of high-end, sub-high-end market capacity, the dream blue series have not kept up with the up-to-date pace and market responsiveness.
Taking advantage of high-end markets, but subject to a combination of five grain fluids and old cellars, competitions dilute the growth space of manual classes, so the “high-end route” has not led to a breakthrough in ocean river performance and has increased consumer awareness more empirically.) Since 2017, companies have raised prices for Seaborne Dream series products so many times that dealers have been able to sell them.
Settlement prices have increased, and consumer familiarity with older products has made it difficult to transmit price increases to terminal zero. Prices have not risen, profit from channels have been compressed, further undermining dealer confidence.
Figure 1816-19: High growth in the five grain fluids/shelves in the Länder; Chart 19: Intensified Price Increases in the Rivers in 2017-2018, further damage to channel profits at the end of the channel, narrow profit margins to discourage distributors, and hard test results in deterioration of the manufacturer's relationship.)
The distribution model was once an advantage of the company, and it brought a golden decade to the ocean, but as the industry’s channel power is weakening, the ocean’s problems are exposed: the company’s distribution model is dominated by the manufacturer, the dealer’s position is weakened and the autonomous motivation is reduced; the company’s appraisal is too rigid, and the operator’s effort to crush the kpi indicator leads to the canal.
High stock holdings and deteriorating producer relations: Under the deep distribution model, there are too many distributors, too many dealers, too many prices, and there are problems of high prices and unbridled competition for internal resources, making the price of the product unstable. (2) In 2017-2018, the company acquired high-quality customer resources from its distributors, developed them into group buyers and gave them a more favourable policy.
On the one hand, this has affected the profits of major distributors, and on the other hand, the poor understanding of the industry, the price system, etc., by grouping clients, which has often failed to perform their business tasks, has led to a misunderstanding of the company and, ultimately, to problems and deficiencies arising from the larger distribution pattern of Chart 20 in depth.
Figure 212017-2018: Problems faced by major conduits and group buyers: 2.2 In-depth adjustment period, radical changes. Ocean river depth adjustment results are impressive, and performance is on the rise.
A series of reforms in the ocean river have been successful, and revenue and net profits have been steadily rising since 2020, starting in the third quarter of 2021, and revenue growth has begun to catch up with the averages in the Sokai liquor industry and industry.
Figure 22 Business income qoq Figure 23 Net profit from the mother qoq 2.2.1 Organizational structural change contributes to fine production, multi-dimensional incentives + soft tests stimulate operational dynamics
With regard to the structure of the organization, the company has focused closely on the “double brand” strategy, the establishment in 2020 of a two-trenched sales company and a wine sales company, and the independent operation of two-trenched, wine brands, in an effort to promote the revival of the two-trenched brands.
In addition, in response to the downside of the company's performance as a result of its “regard for the dream series, neglect for the sea sky series”, the company split the “blue classic” into the Ministry of Oceanic Industries and the Blue of the Dreams, and achieved the fine work of the price belts, which helped to spread a variety of high-end, sub-high-end, high-end, high-priced belts.
At the beginning of 2021, management was restructured, and the new Chairman, Chang Dong-dong, took over the restructuring of the river and took over full responsibility for sales after mid-year.
The wage increase reversed the pay rise that had been in the ocean for almost a decade, and the company ' s commitment to raise salaries at a rate no lower than the rate of revenue growth and boost the confidence of grass-roots workers in the company ' s development. (ii) Second, to address the lack of dynamism in middle and high management, some of them were inspired by the middle and upper core cadres, including Chairman Chang Chongdong, CEO Chung Yu and Executive Director Liu Zhenxian, among others.
10 million yuan effectively boosts managerial cohesion and releases managerial dynamism. 3) Finally, to improve management age structure, promote long-term positive business development, companies implement a system of general rotations in marketing areas, and more than 20 districts in the former division have been restructured into 61 career departments, and young highly educated people have been promoted to the rank of deputy.
(4) In addition, the company, on the one hand, overhauls the marketing team, cleans up the unqualified distributors, and, on the other hand, in response to the excessive pressure and low motivation of marketing agents and distributors resulting from sales-based rigid evaluations, changes the company's appraisal to “soft + cross-checking”, does not impose a test, eliminates the terminal phaseout system, heavy
Qualifying prices and stocks, reducing marketing pressure, and more humanizing tests have stimulated marketing dynamics. 2.2.2 Product upgrades respond to sub-high-end expansions, technological research and development empowers the production of boosts. Product remodelling caters to sub-high-end expansion trends, and blue classic full-price upgrades with multiple dimensions.
Since 2019, the company has promoted the replacement of blue classic full price belts, recombinant price systems: the blue side of the dream, m6 upgrade product m6+, m3 upgrade product crystal dream, full-scale upgrading in terms of quality taste, technical hypocrisy, packaging design, specification capacity, etc.
At the point of rollout, the choice is to cut in at a lower end of the midday season at a lower sales pressure, securing a price plate for the new product. 1) m6+Increased the overall price plate of m6 by around $100, channel profits nearly doubled, and prior control measures reduced stock pressure, dealer motivation increased, sales performance was excellent, 2020
2) m3 Crystal was launched in November 2020 in a way consistent with m6+, fast-tracking the replacement of the old m3 by a controlled increase in price, and the 400+ price belt in the province of Carabinieri, reversing the dominance of the four-way country in that band. In 2021, m6+ accounted for about 50% of the dream blue series.
The crystal dream series is about 40%, and the ocean rivers are well aligned with sub-high-end expansion trends. Then the ocean rivers are launched, respectively, the sky, the blue sea, 6.0, and the sky, the blue, the blue, the new interactive experience is upgraded, giving more of the red packs and the easier the opening.
The process of fermenting multiple microbes together brings about a complete reconciliation of fragrance and taste. To the ocean river, the blue classics, the product upgrades of the price bands of chart 29, the blue upgrade of chart 28 compared to the ocean in 2018.
At the end of 2022, the river had 39 national wine masters, 78 provincial wine tasers, 1975 technical staff and 10 national and provincial technical studies.
During the 6th National Liquorist Competition, sponsored by the Chinese Liquor Industry Association, the company’s representatives were among the top 10 champions, and six of them entered the top 10 of the list, fully demonstrating the company’s strong technical strengths and talent. Many of the company’s research results were awarded the first prize for “Science and Technology Award for Food Industry” and the second prize for “Science and Technology Progress Award” for the Ministry of Education.
In 2019, the company’s R & D investment increased substantially, nearly fivefold the same time, and the high R & D costs were maintained for the next three years. Meanwhile, in 2022, R & D investment was ranked first among all the listed white and wine companies, and now comes the firm’s high priority for technology-enabled quality, and the company’s R & D technology system will be built to create a “big-kit” package of technology that will enable the company to develop a new technology.
In addition, the company is working to create smart brewing projects, establish standardized production systems, digitalize and intelligentize production, trace the source-to-end data, benchmark and refine the production process, lead the company ' s base alcohol storage days by 837 days, and improve the quality of its products.
Chart 31 shows the ranking of white wine companies in R & D costs in 2022 (millions of dollars) and figure 32 maintains high R & D costs (millions of dollars).
Figure 35 Comparison of the number of days of storage of alcohol in the three strong-fragmented white liquor companies (unit: days) 2.2.3 “one major plus” replaces deep distribution, and channels are gradually being streamlined.
Many rounds of exploration and change, such as the model, the "1+1" model of the manufacturer, the "522" polarized engineering, and the ocean rivers adapted to the changes of the times, and the period of deep reform replaced deep distribution with the "one-man-and-one-man-and-one-man-and-man-and-man-and-man-man-and-many" phase-out: Deep distribution (2003-2018):
In 2003, the White Liquor industry was in the era of “channels for kings and finals”, and it was particularly important for alcohol companies to have access to the terminal; in order to strengthen control over distributors and stabilize price systems, the river took the lead in launching the “1+1” deep distribution model, with direct control of the terminal by the manufacturer, and with the distributors completing the development of the channel.
In 2004, with the rise of business consumption, the ocean river’s estuaries started a “diplomatic” model, concentrating its resources on core hotels, promoting the blue classic series of products for core consumers, creating consumer preferences, and driving the market through the “dip” to pull the “dip” round.
In 2005, as competition in hotel channels increased, the cost of business channels gradually increased, with consumers carrying their own alcohol and water increasing, and the model of the “middle plate” no longer catered to ocean demand, optimizing the model of the “middle plate” through the model of the “consumers” and the “triangular connection”, the three standards, the three standards, the three-way relationship”.
Since 2008, business exchanges and business activities have become more active, and the Ocean River has seized the opportunity to build a “5382” project.
In 2011-2012, the river further intensified its deep distribution, with the "Skynet Project" in the province, which further sunk the channel to county towns, and the "Sinjiang Su Market" outside the province, which will include Shanghai, Anhui, Zhejiang, Henan, Shandong,
In 2013, under the influence of the three-public consumption policy, the political and commercial consumption of the central consumption of medium- and high-end white wine was restricted, and the river was reformed through the “community medium” model and through online channels, with business group purchases at its core.
In 2013-2015, the Ocean River model gained some results, compared to other alcohol companies, and the Ocean River adjustment period dropped sharply.
After 2015, the white wine industry gradually recovered, and political and commercial consumption, which occupied the middle-to-high consumption core, began to grow rationally, and the river returned with the introduction of the “522 Polarization Project”, with five polarized targets (circumstance creation, upgrading of consumption, caterer markets, business group purchase, and Angmi market construction), and two polarized transformations (Internet polarization, market input)
And two polarized guarantees (mechanisms and organizations) to strengthen the ability to develop channels. After 2016: the white wine industry was driven by channels to move towards consumer culture and branding, the past factory-led deep distribution model was no longer adapted to development trends, and the deep ocean distribution model’s disadvantages became apparent.
• One major supplement (2019-to date): The 2019 depth adjustment period for the ocean's rivers proposes a “one-size-fits-all” strategy for alleviating the situation, strengthening the influence of the distributors and promoting the ocean's development with the help of the distributors.
Weaker distributors, with the most powerful main conduits responsible for the overall situation, are co-authored by manufacturers and core distributors, supported by other distributors, and are responsible for promoting non-dominant products. Companies focus on the optimal structure of distributors, surrounded by “advancers, champions, strong traders”, perfecting the distributioner support and nurturing system, and promoting the quality of the distributors' workforce.
Figure 36 Ocean Channels/Multicipation Patterns Change course 2.3 Reform dividends are being realized, the ocean river is expected to re-energize and the dream series 2.3.1 will be re-upgraded, with two ditches dancing with the sea sky.
The company now operates mainly on the ocean river, the two ditches, the three brands of wine and the Stars wine. The river contains the blue classic series, the ocean river music series, and the micromole: the two ditches contain the scaffolds series, the two ditches' treasures series and the soft and twin.
Trench series: Precious wines include the series of expensives, the series of highs, the series of highs and the series of highs. Based on the price, companies are classified as medium-highs and ordinarys: the price of the product is set at $100/500ml. The main items include the Blue Dreams, Blues of Dreams, M9, Blues of Dreams, M6+ of Dreams, Blue Crystals of Dreams, Soup, Blues of Heaven, Blues of Heaven,
The share of income is about 85% in Precious's (the Imperial, the Holy, the Blue of the Sea, etc.); the price of the offer is <100/500ml > for ordinary products, representing, inter alia, large ocean rivers, due to their diagonals, and about 11%. At the same time, the river achieves full price coverage from the upper end to the lower end of the ocean: currently, m9, manual classes, Sou ' s 52 degrees of headbreeding, 52 degrees of wine.
Green Sou and others play high-end price bands, dream blues6+, dream blue crystals, sky blues, two ditches of precious wine seals, empires, halls of worship, and the series of ocean river curls, softs and two ditches, which account for less than a hundred dollars.
High-end products lead, and the provincial master pushes the sea blue and the sky blue, gradually importing into the dream blue series. In 2020, the old version of m6 and m3 was upgraded and replaced, the province and beyond focused gradually on the dream blue, leading the whole development with the dream series, and planning to build the m6+ into a billion single item.
Stardestres Trees (20) 13.5 degrees 750ml m6+ leads high-end upgrades with crystal-editing. Dream series completed M6+ and Crystal Dreams in 2020.
The conversion of large singles has been upgraded, and the transfer of old and new products has almost been completed in 2021. The core drivers that mark the next stage of the ocean’s growth and the leading upscaling of consumption have been prepared. By sub-product, M6+Cat 600+ price band, which has no competitive edge, allows a rapid release of m6+ below the boost in business consumption dividend.
At the same time, in the future, prices such as the provincial feasting scenes are expected to converge further to $600 plus, and m6+ is expected to dominate the consumer market; m3 crystal version positioning follows m6+, with a focus on the provincial 400 + table seat belt and off-the-shelf commerce; m3 crystal version is expected to dominate the provincial banquet market at that price; m9 and manual shift strategy sheet
The high-end prices of the Bureau, still dominated by al-Qa`idah market consumption, and Chairman Jang Dong said that starting with 2023, the company would further expand its market outreach for m9 and manual high-end products and gradually expand the share of high-end products in revenue collection. In 2022, the blue-class series of sales accounted for more than 70% of the volume.
The annual share (37 per cent) has risen, and we believe that there has been a significant improvement in channel confidence and thrust between the middle and above price bands. 1) Due to higher consumption levels in Jiangsu province, consumption of white wine at the lower end of the province has generally increased to $400-600, and the m3 crystal version will benefit from an upgrading of consumption;
3) m9 and above high-end line products that benefit from economic recovery and warmer consumption, and that add up to the firm’s efforts to promote them, are expected to grow faster this year.
The sea and sky series are still located in the provincial mainstream and are expected to maintain steady growth. The new editions of the Sea and Sky series, with 150 and 300 places, are in the mainstream in the northern province of the province, with limited increment space in the provincial consumption brackets, in order to maintain the stock market.
Between $100 and $300, the new edition of the sea and the consumer scenes in the off-provincial market are rich and suitable for receptions, government and county gifts. The upgraded series of sea and sky products, on the one hand, rely on quality to better meet consumer needs, and, on the other hand, secure price stability and accurate cost placement through digital marketing systems, new editions of sea and sea.
The profits from the sky series have recovered and confidence in the channels has been restored. At the moment, the share of income out of the sea and the sky series is already outnumbered. We believe that the sea and sky series are in the mainstream of the foreign market, and given the multidimensional improvements that the upgrades bring, the sea and sky series are expected to maintain steady growth and serve as the cornerstone of the expansion of the company out of the country.
The future of the sea and the sky series will continue to rise further.
Two ditches operate independently, and the famous wines are rejuvenating. The written wines started in Song Dynasty more than 1,000 years ago, while the early days of Tang Mae Song formed the "home-made wine, home-breeding and home-breeding" style of wine, which became famous for the two ditches at the end of the year. Mr. Sun Nakayama used to be the "Divine Springs" for the two ditches.
First-class.” In 1955, the Trench Argument was ranked first in class A at the First National Breweries Conference and was awarded the top of the list; in 1979, the Third National Liquor Review Conference awarded a further 39-degree Bicolo Gold Prize; in 1984, the Fourth National Liquor Review Conference, and in 1989, the Fifth National Wine Review Conference, which twice received the title "China's Beverage".
The wine gene, which has a deep historical background, has been weakened in development, and the "double name" is now the basic strategy of the public administration, which allows the brand to operate independently. To build up the efficiency of the two ditches, the company has set up a separate division for the sale of the two ditches, and has been restructured around the organizational structure to provide staffing for the two ditch sales companies and related regions.
The two ditches have four major product series: Sou, Treasure, Soo, Treasure, and Treasure. The Soo and Treasure Clubs are now home-grown.
The end-point belt, 200-300 yuan and less than 150 yuan, awaken consumer memory through the Treasure House and a series of soft and two ditches. The two trenches have publicly stated their plans to achieve 10 billion by the end of the 14th century (2025), with the Chinese Liquor Company “10 billion camps”.
Diagram 43, which fills the price belt of the main brand vacancy, Chart 42, which is the first place in the first ever Congress of the Breweries Industry, gives you the power to make your state's wine, pending the release of kinetic energy. In recent years, the soy sauce industry has risen rapidly, with 10.43% in 2022.
In 2016, they bought all of your state ' s wine, and they built a white wine business platform to supplement the company ' s core of white wine. The wine was built in Guiyang, Guiyang and Ryuji towns, and in the town of Zoo-yeon, the company owns the production base.
Two major production bases, totalling about 500 acres of land, 7000 tons of high-quality curly sauce per year, and 28,000 tons of wine storage capacity, have now built two major product lines, the Liquor Series and the Guiyang Series. In 2021, the company and its powerful liquor resources were allocated to promote the nationalization of the wine, and four marketing areas and a large customer department were built, staffed and staffed.
At present, the wine marketing system has become independent, and the wine's high-end products - the tvc and brands of the wine family - have been placed in full view and in the public media. In 2023, the wine was adapted to consumption dollars/bottles, filled with a 100-dollar-priced wine selection.
Quality enhancement, high-value branding, focus on plate markets, and create a whole new ecology. In the middle of the syrup drive and rising consumption trends, Guizhou's wine is expected to release new energy in the syrup track, drawing on the advantage of the ocean's resources.
Figure 45 The Liquor family lands on 2.3.2. The digital system promotes the transformation of production and marketing as the "one-man, multi-manufactured" forms the harmonious ecology of the manufacturer, and the cost is spent on consumer strengthening.
The channel architecture of “one-stop shop, multi-share” is an important adjustment in the ocean’s distribution relationships, with companies giving concessions to regional core players with the resources and power to operate the product, enhance its pro-activeness, maintain market order and price stability, and achieve economies on scale in the profit model. At the same time, corporate development.
Quality group buyers and special distributors, supported by proxy non-dominant products, are profiting from Maori innovations and forming integration and block linkages. The “one-stop, multi-share” model has improved the disadvantages of deep distribution patterns, eliminated some of the sub-standard distributors, rationalized the different levels of dealer functions, guaranteed overall price board stability, and profit from the power channels.
As a result, the number of oceanine distributors has been streamlined for two consecutive years, from the year 2019 to the year 2020, when 9051,812, respectively, were retained until the year 2022, when the company increased the number of distributors by 96. As can be seen, the ocean river distribution system was largely stable in 2022, and the company will continue to do so in the future.
The firm will continue to insist on promoting “coupled engineering, rich engineering, and enabler engineering” and can expect the ocean’s core champion model, in an era where the industry has moved from channel power to consumer-driven consumer-breeding, with companies deepening consumer-optimal concepts, shifting costs to consumer-breeding ends, and determining cost rates according to different product types.
The above-mentioned cost-investment principles, on the one hand, achieve efficient and accurate inputs and, on the other hand, effectively enhance interaction with end-users, improve user conversion efficiency, tell brand culture stories and create a full consumer image of ocean-based wine.
For the second year in a row, the number of dealers in chart 50 has been streamlined, digital marketing systems have helped to keep prices steady, and consumers have helped to boost their experiences.
In the same direction, the ocean river has also made a change attempt, and the results are now remarkable: 1) Internetization of distributors and terminal channels, real-time availability of both entry and exit information, timely monitoring of entry and exit banks and inventory data by companies to better control the price of the goods and their precise cost placement, and effective deterrence of the movement of the goods
2) User-end digitalization allows real-time feedback on open bottle data, user needs, etc., to help companies create a corresponding consumer interaction scene to increase consumer stickyness. For example, Dream Blue M6+ launched the Million Space Partner program, which uses digital technology to connect to two marketing sites under the line and to participate in space public goods.
At the same time, the resonance of consumer and dream blue m6+ brand spirits has been constantly strengthened. 3) Digital marketing has gone through b.c., connected to online consumption scenes and industry-wide digitized chains, business informatization has been achieved, reaching 100% of distributors, 95% of distributors, 90% of terminals, consumers
At the production end, the river wisdom plant built a chain-of-industry quality traceability system that combines traditional brewing with intelligent brewing, smart packaging with modern logistics, and science, technology and innovation with standardized management.
At the consumer end, the river begins with the consumer’s experience, capturing the consumer’s preferences, analysing consumer behaviour, matching consumer demand, and building personalized and temperature-based consumption experiences. Companies integrate consumer-preferred ideas into digital marketing, and marketing is constantly released with the help of scientific and technological information.
In 2003, the ocean launched an ad saying, "The sea is the widest, the sea is higher, the sky is bigger than the sky is the man's."
In 2008-2012, the river used the Olympics, the aid programme, with the blue sky at its core, to raise the profile of the blue series.
The Ocean River is no longer contented with reaching only the level of “combining with consumers”, linking itself to the “home country”, precision positioning sub-tops, focus on dream blues, creating branding awareness of “new wine” through cooperative summits such as the G20 and the Chinese space industry, consolidating branding, strengthening branding and promoting consumer sentiment.
So far, the city's investment in the marketing of the ocean river has been increasing, with advertising promotion costs of $2,414 million in 2022, an increase of 26%, and advertising costs are at the forefront of the industry. On brand value, Brandfinance published its fourth prize in the top 10 of the world's 2022 brands, with the ocean bank stake of $6.4 billion in brand value.
Also in the “2023 Chinese brand value” on the Yogi River, third and second in the white wine industry, the image of the brand is deeply popular.
Figure 57 ranks fourth on the global brand value list. Chart 58 shows the marketing of the brand 3 profit projections and key assumptions.
White wine: Considering the certainty of the suction consumption structure and the high power of the blue classic series, the dream blue wine: given the smallness of the company's red wine product and its relative volatility. We expect the company Ocean River shares to have the dual attributes of the Eastern region's tap and Pan-National Liquor, with a second-higher price.
At the end of and below the end, there is an upward trend, which results in the selection of mouth cellars with regional alcohol and consumer upgrading properties, glorified wines, world interests, and high-pregnification regional taps, the Guai Goon, respectively, for a comparable valuation of 17.3/21.0/22.2/31.5 times in 2023 and 17.8 times more within reasonable areas for ocean river shares.
Figure 61 shows the trend of company pe-ttm, with consumption recovering less than expected, consumption rising slower, and regional expansion less than expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using information that is legally complied with. I do not have any assurance about the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor about any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.