In December 2022, Science and Technology flew to launch the "1+n CAI technology and response."
With a "special " approach, of which "1" refers to the base platform for the development and use of the Universal Cognitive Major Model algorithms and high-impact training programmes, "n" refers to the application of CAI technology in a number of fields of education, medicine, human interaction, office, translation, etc.
The technical results of the Big Cognitive Model – the Big Star Model – were officially released on 6th, with solutions for education, office, vehicle, etc. Out of the 481 evaluation systems of 7 dimensions, the Big Cognitive Fire Model scores are well known in the Big National Cognitive Model.
First, the Chinese field has exceeded Chatgpt in three dimensions of text generation, knowledge question-and-answer, mathematics, and English has reached 4.29 points (chatgpt 4.48). Through live live interactive presentations, the Great Starfire model is in text generation, language understanding, knowledge.
Questions-and-answers, logical reasoning, mathematical skills, code capabilities and multi-module capabilities Four major industry product-level applications, open platform enabling eco-development 1) al+ education: upgrading the SAT language learning system, e.g. English-language dialogue, essays
(b) Highest/minimum cost al+ office in 52 weeks: large model and smart office copy, smart paper, flyers
See, a combination of products such as smart microphones, recording of a single key, automatically generating minutes according to handwritten points; 3) al+ car: multi-wheel, multi-person, multi-regional, multi-China Mobile Communications Ltd.
Model smart voice interactive paradigms; 4)ai+digital employees: ai virtual human intelligence interactives, digital virtuals, generating business processes and rpa based on natural language, helping company employees to do a lot of repetitive work.
Building artificial intelligence “Starfire” ecology with ecological partners, with the first access to more than 3,000 developers from 36 industries. Versions continue to be upgraded, and large models + medical applications are expected.
At the launch, the company announced plans for the upgrade of the large model version: by June 9, it would have broken open-ended questions and answers (i.e., real-time questions and answers); by August 15, the code capability conference would have a step and multi-model interactive capabilities would have been officially opened; and by October 24, the Starfire would have been huge.
In addition, the company is expected to officially launch a major model for the medical profession during the 1024th Global Developer's Day this year. The company has a solid accumulation of data in the field of medicine, which is geared towards primary medical practitioners.
The number of districts covered by mental health assistants assisted in diagnosis is increasing and, by the end of 2022, has been applied to basic medical facilities in 380 districts and districts of the country, providing 530 million supplementary recommendations, and in 2022 more than 630,000 medical records of value have been amended and the quality of diagnosis has been inappropriate.
Over 40 million times. We believe that the capacity of the Big Star model is expected to be in depth to support medical applications, such as diagnostics, and to contribute to the improvement of the clinical capacity of primary health-care institutions and to the improvement of the efficiency of medical services in level II and III hospitals. At the same time, the accumulation of data will counter the selection of the Big Caring Model.
In the future, effective data-closing loops have been created. Sputnik National Team, the Big Star model, which is in the lead in the country's general cognitive model, has been applied to the local product level in education, office, vehicle, digital workers, etc., and it is hoped that it will be possible to do so.
For the first time, a “buy-in” rating was given. Large model technologies failed to match expectations; the vertical industry failed to apply expectations; and market competition plus a one-shot skylight model was officially released on 6 May.
1.1 Flying Star Fire is the leading player in the general national cognitive model, and in the case of the big cognitive model, it serves as China's “national team” of artificial intelligence, building a national centre for critical laboratory and speech and voice information processing and studying algorithms and large models in depth over the years.
Technology, industry big data, knowledge mapping, multi-module perception, systems engineering technology, and arithmetic support have built up solid accumulations. In December 2022, Science and Technology flew to launch a special section on "1+n CGI technology and applications" in which “1” refers to the base platform for the development and efficient training programme for universal CIG algorithms, and “n” refers to the use of cognitive intelligence.
Large model technologies are applied in a number of fields, such as education, medicine, human interaction, office, translation, etc.
Through 48 main mission directions released by Chatgpt and over 4 million real-name certified developers ' teams on the AI Open Platform, the current common-purpose workforce has been analysed by the Section ' s high-profile flight for various applications of common AI in the future.
The seven dimensions of intelligence concern, including text generation, language understanding, knowledge question-and-answer, logical reasoning, mathematics, code capability, and multi-model capabilities, will lead to huge disruptions in the production and way of life of the entire human race, creating new opportunities, such as changing current patterns of information distribution and access: innovative content production:
To achieve full natural interaction: to achieve a virtual assistant at the expert level and become an accelerator for scientific work: to destabilize traditional manual compilations.
The three dimensions of text generation, knowledge question-and-answer, and mathematics have exceeded chhatgpt and English has reached 4.29 points (chatgpt 4.48 points). Through live live interactive presentations, the Big Star model has demonstrated a strong capacity in text generation, language understanding, etc.
1.2 Simultaneous roll-out of product-level applications in four major sectors: 1)ai+education: upgrade of language learning systems such as English-language dialogue, paper-based changes. Since its listing, the software has been highly recognized by users and industry, market share and brand visibility
Upgraded, the net recommended value of the user nps continues to be the industry's top. In 2022, the sales of the science-based Flyingai study machine grew by more than 50%, and continued to grow strongly and win the industry.
For the second year in a row, 100% of sales went up by more than 100%. The Great Starlight model combines language skills with a learning machine, allowing for a deeper understanding of the writing and automatic generation of comments and paradigms.
The translation evaluation, which now covers all primary and secondary school subject topics, (2)ai+office: the big model is combined with products such as a smart desk, a smart desk, a sound recorder, a smart microphone, and the recording of a single key to automatically generate a meeting according to the handwritten point.
As one of the leading Chinese artificial intelligence companies, Quest has used AI technology to create a rich array of software and hardware products for office scenes to provide consumers with an efficient office experience. With the release of the Big Clock Awareness Model, the ability to combine office products under the banner of Quest has been fully upgraded, bringing a deeper dimension to users on the basis of an efficient office.
. By the time of the launch, the Big Star Awareness Model had been applied to consumer products such as smart office books, smart recording pens, smart microphones, and audio-visuals, providing a number of heavy-pound functions such as “meetings of meetings”, “statements”, “keys in writing” and so forth.
I don't want to tell you, but I'll tell you today.
In the next five or 10 years, I'm going to talk about my own thinking today. So it's been a while, and we're launching a 2nd generation of artificial intelligence in the National Council for Natural Sciences -- a major research project that starts in two days.
So the project has already started to be reviewed. So, you're welcome to be very involved in this project. In this case, I need to tell you something about the next generation of artificial intelligence. In this case, the whole generation of artificial intelligence is well known. The core of it is deep learning, and it should be said to have achieved a great deal.
From the image recognition of this Alpha dog that we all know very well to play chess, and then to the year before, this protein folding, we're all very shocked. For example, it was 10 years ago.
It's hard to think that these things can do this. So why are we still not satisfied -- right? Why are we still talking about how to develop the next generation? If we're going to answer this question, I'm going to try to figure this out with the big family, this bottom logic, this bottom logic, this bottom logic is another benefit.
Waiting for the real driving of our original innovation -- right? From our national point of view, we're doing very well at the level that we're applying to this scenario that has a)ai+car: multi-wheel, multi-person, multi-regional, multi-model smart voice interactive paradigm.
The company provides multi-wheel, multi-player, multi-field, multi-model human interaction through smart voice technology. The Big Star model integrates plugs with a variety of skills such as navigation, media, catering, attractions, etc., and provides a wealth of real-time information and services for the garage. These functions have been experienced by over 40 million users, with over 1,300 service cars.
4)ai+digital employee: ai virtual human intelligence interactive, digital virtual person, generating business processes and rpa based on natural language, which helps business employees to do a lot of repetitive work.ai virtual human intelligence interactive: a virtual virtual human intelligence interactive is used for virtual image dialogue, leading to guided tours, virtual intelligence interactives.
A passenger service, an office-director, a hospital guide, a community volunteer service, etc.. With a starfire model, a virtual human intelligence machine can become more intelligent and human, like a car, and can automatically mobilize tools, recommend products, display two-dimensional codes, help clients scan, file orders, and then deliver the goods to the door.
Digital Virtuals (digital staff): Used to build automated processes using manual drags through the rpa platform, highly dependent on professionals such as business process specialists and implementation engineers, while building processes with long cycles and high costs. Now with a large star fire model, rpa becomes a deep automated process platform that can automatically generate all processes by describing them.
The Big Star model allows businesses to operate with process-related work, reducing their reliance on professionals, while building processes with shorter cycles and lower costs. With an open-minded cooperative approach, artificial intelligence “Starfire” ecology will be built with ecological partners.
The company’s 2023 Starfire Eco-camp has been officially released, providing ecological partners with in-depth training, ranging from products, technology, to ecological resources, channel systems, etc.
At the launch, companies announced plans to upgrade the large model version: by 9 June, the open question and answer (i.e., real-time questions and answers); by 15 August, the code capability conference will have a step and multi-model interactive capabilities will be officially opened;
By October 24, 2023, the company hopes that the starlight will be able to match the generic big cognitive model with the capgpt, surpassing the capgpt in Chinese, and reach a good level in English. The company expects to officially launch the big professional model of the medical industry during this year’s 1024 Global Developer’s Day.
At the conference, the company performed only a part of the general capability demonstration in the system of medical science, and did not publish a separate version of the general medical model, mainly a more serious and cautious medical profession, and involved a number of medical-related rules. In the future, it will gradually put medical expertise into the general model, not only as a doctor.
Treatment assistants, and others who wish to have their own health advisers and assistants for each of the inhabitants. The company has a very high number of health-care providers. There is a growing number of districts covered by mental health assistants for primary-level physicians, i.e., primary-level medical institutions in 380 districts and districts in the country at the end of 2022, with a cumulative 530 million recommendations for supplementary consultations, and a price for 2022 diagnostic amendments.
We believe that the capacity of the Big Star model can be expected to provide deeper capacity for medical applications, such as diagnostic aids, to promote improved clinical capacity in primary health-care institutions and improved efficiency in level II and III hospitals. At the same time, the accumulation of data will reverse the overlap of the Big Caring Model, creating effective data loops.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.