Computer software development, star fire release, new mileage of the national product, the leader of the artificial intelligence industry, robust business, and expanding applications.
Intelligent fields have been under cultivation for 20 years, and the technology has accumulated. The company is China's A.I.T. team, which built the country's first new generation of A.I.A. Open Innovation Platforms, the country's first cognitive intelligence country's priority laboratory (the first national priority laboratory), and the country of speech and language information processing.
One billion yuan, an increase of 38.36% in the same year, and 6,161 million yuan in educational products and services, an increase of 2.56% in the same year.
The retention rate of over 90% is still maintained; the area not affected by the suspension of classes is above the growth rate for the year as a whole. Companies are ahead of large models in the country, with some performance indicators exceeding chatgpt. Of the 481 evaluation systems, companies are ahead of large models in the country.
Long text generation capacity for 12-month maximum/minimum task: 181 job breakdown tests. Starfire is a clear leader in the big cognitive model that has been introduced in the country and can be tested, and the Chinese has outpaced it.
"Performance of expectations, level of chhatgpt, English with a full score of five, chhatgpt is now 4.48, and the leader of one continues to have a technical advantage."
Starfire models have reached 4.29 points: multi-level, cross-linguistic language skills: 119 detailed - 2020/10/27 tasks related to language understanding and, based on the results of current tests, available systems that can be measured in the country
It's a long way ahead of you. Multi-typographically capable of deciphering mathematics: there are about 16 categories of detailed tasks associated with mathematics that are far ahead of the nationally detectable system of the same kind and that are now more than chatgpt.
Large model technology star fire awareness has been published, and a number of large model products have been fielded. In May 2023, the company released a large star fire awareness language model, presenting solutions in large language models for teaching, medical, office, vehicle, etc., and presenting a variety of large models at the launch.
Applied products that are expected to contribute to the profitability of companies with the application of large models. Investment advice: With the elimination of external influences and the application of corporate language models, companies risk: policies fall short of expectations.
China's leading company in artificial intelligence (i) China's leader in the artificial intelligence industry Deep-farmed in artificial intelligence and voice language, and newly released a Starfire Awareness Model. The company was founded in 1999 and is in depth in 2008.
The Shenzhen Stock Exchange is listed, focusing on the areas of smart voice and artificial intelligence, using the Platform Plus track development strategy. In 2010, the company launched a one-stop platform for developing people to open up artificial intelligence solutions and, on that basis, continued to expand the industry track, covering smart cities, smart justice, smart services, smart cars, smart medicine and so on, and targeting consumers, transport.
Business provides products and services: a good two-way pattern at the top and end of tob and toc. In 2023, the company launched the Starfire Awareness Model and demonstrated the location of the large model products in various fields, obtained the entry ticket for the one-model track, and achieved the landing of the product.
The Chinese speech synthesis in the game has surpassed the company's lead in developing the world's first dnn.
The human interactive interface for the "Search Super Brain" smart voice interactive Iso/iec country.
The concept of in-depth learning comes to life.
"Research and development is based on aiui, which defines everything as intertwining standards, full-time transacting.
Proving voice recognition on image recognition, official approval of international standards.
The image recognition field and the competition and the first achievement became voice analysis and graphics.
The recognition of the neurological network, the interaction of the human machine of the times, is rapidly industrialized.
It's like a hot spot in the field of identification, and it's like, "Half soup at the Ministry of Education, at the National Language Council's fingertips."
Voice recognition dnn system led to the creation of the NCLC Global Conference, which was officially established
It's easy to put it on the market, and it's a field that's been carefully developed and able to interact with people.
For the Chinese voice product, the Chinese language learning platform focused on the speech industry.
bn-ivec technology show direction
The winter Olympics in Beijing in 2022 and the new criteria for interaction.
Figure 2: Starfire Awareness Model Transformer Deep NeuroNet Algorithm
Lead country-specific, solid accumulation of sustained investment in building and optimizing national production-based training and reasoning platforms
(ii) Business income and net profits are expected to rebound, and business income and net profits are expected to rise at a lower rate in the short term. The company’s operating income increased from $13.25 billion in 2020. The reason for the fall in profits is that, on the one hand, external influences persist and, on the other hand, companies are continuously increasing their investment in large language models.
As the external economic environment improves, and as corporate inputs in large language models lead to increased product competitiveness, corporate business performance is stable, and corporate cash flows fall short. The company’s Māori ratio has remained at more than 40% for a long time, and in 2022 it sold hundreds of millions of yuan. With improved revenue, it is expected that the company will be on track throughout 2023.
Figure 5: Corporate operating cash flows and growth in the first quarter of 2020-2023 to $6,161 million in 2022, with an average annual compound growth rate of 27.2 per cent, shows a rapid growth trend, with intellectual education teaching for millions of yuan, an increase of 38.36 per cent over the same period.
Chatgpt leads the wave of intelligence (i)chatgpt release, artificial intelligence iphone moment chatgpt development:
In 2015, Google opened the Tensorlow platform, laying a solid foundation for the development of in-depth learning techniques.
gpt (generativepre-trainedtransformer). In 2018, the first generation of gpt was upgraded to a gpt-2 model with more than 150 million parameters, which is when
One of the most advanced large-scale language models at the time. In June 2019, the openai published a language-generation model developed using the gpt-2 model, which automatically creates high-quality news articles, novels, poetry, etc.
In October 2019, in an effort to prevent the model from being used maliciously, he decided not to disclose the entire trillion parameters of the gpt-2 model to the public, but equally not to disclose all codes and data sets. In 2021, a number of companies and research institutions developed various types of chat robots based on the gpt-3 model, including the ability
Chatgpt for emotional analysis, semantic understanding and multi-wheel dialogues. 2023, multi-model chhatgpt4 on line.
Cognitive intelligence to sensory intelligence, iphone moment: consistent with traditional machine to smart machine, i is moving from a sensory intelligence that can hear, speak, see, to a cognitive intelligence that can think, answer questions, summarize, translate, and create.chatgpt, by learning a lot of text data, can produce high-quality text that can be distributed in many applications.
Volatilization, such as speech recognition, machine translation, smart customer service, natural language reasoning, etc. (ii) Technology giants are in the big modeling field, Internet technology giants are in the big modeling field abroad, products are being updated quickly, technology is in the vanguard. Large foreign models are in the vanguard.
The technology started early, almost led the development process of large models, and because of the high quality of data in English and the ease with which they could be washed, the technology of large models abroad was in the vanguard. Foreign products were updated quickly, with chhatgpt, for example, having evolved through multigenerational product changes, and the current chhatgpt4 version already supports multi-model processing.
Like entering and understanding the contents of the image. Texts with an acceptable text input of more than 25,000 words can easily be copied and pasted, summarizing the core content of a very long article and even directing a screenshot of the paper to allow gpt-4 to directly identify and extract the information, and the image understanding of the model has been enhanced more than before.
Within the country, large Internet plants competed, big models played out, and more emphasis was placed on industrial applications. In 2022, national technology companies increased their investment in large model areas. Several technology companies have published their own models, such as 100-degree philosophies, starfire models, and so on.
The development path of the "Big Base Model - Large Industry Model - Large Models for Disaggregated Sites" and the achievement of efficiency gains in the fields of medicine, the Internet, finance, coal mines, agriculture, and meteorology. The Starfire Awareness Model, which was launched on April 26, also provides new solutions for the Big Model in areas such as smart education, smart medicine, and smart cities.
(iii) Large models have a wide range of industries, and are embedded to produce eco-development. Head enterprises use models plus platforms plus eco-development models. Large models have high levels of research and development, and individual training is highly important.
The development costs are not easy for SMEs, and most of the participants in the development of large models are now strong technology firms. In terms of business models, leading firms often use api to build development platforms (e.g. a 100-degree deep learning platform), ecologies, and the use of large language models is widespread and market prospects are high.
Large language models can be used for natural language processing tasks, such as text classification, text generation, and machine translation. They can help machines better understand natural languages and thus help people to perform natural language processing tasks more efficiently.
Model language models allow computers to generate natural language versions similar to those of humans. This is very useful for auto-generated digests, major starfires, new mileage analysis, dialogue systems, etc., of national productionai.
Better analysis of emotions in human texts and valuable information from them. This is very useful for many business applications, such as business review analysis, social media emotional analysis, etc. 5. Individualized recommendation: large language models can analyse users’ historical preferences and interests, thus helping to recommend products and services that fit their needs. This is very useful for platforms such as e-commerce websites, social media services, etc.
Plugin-based eco-development: The plugin has a better eco-exploitation model application scene, while acquiring up-to-date information to meet the customized needs of its clients. Large model-in-box eco-system refers to an ecosystem based on computer-rich model data, algorithms and technologies, and between open-source communities. The system covers different industries and applications, such as aerospace, transport, medical, etc.
Building, etc., includes the development and application of models. Through this ecosystem, developers can share their own model numbers and algorithms to achieve better application and interaction.
The starfire cognitive model has been released, 1+n has driven the application of the big model to the ground, and the satellite fire cognitive model has seven core capabilities and is a national leader. Multi-style, multi-task long text-generation capacity: of the 481 evaluation systems of 7 dimensions, the science-message-flying big starfire model
There are 181 sub-task tests for text generation. Starfire is a clear leader in the cognitive model that has been introduced in the country and can be tested. Chinese has exceeded the level of chhatgpt. If the English score is 5 points, chhatgpt is now 4.48 points, and the starfire model is 4.29 points.
Multilevel, cross-linguistic language skills: 119 of the 418 test systems have detailed tasks related to language understanding and, based on the results of the current tests, are far ahead of the existing nationally measurable system. Broad area open questions and answers: aspects of common knowledge, scientific knowledge, work skills, medical knowledge, etc.
There are a lot of good answers, and there are constantly learning and refining the logic of the scenario-based thinking chain: common sense reasoning, scientific reasoning, and spatial and temporal reasoning. Multi-problems can solve mathematical capabilities: there are about 16 categories of detailed tasks associated with mathematics, comparable systems that can be measured in the country.
It's far ahead, and it's already outnumbered the chhatgpt. Multifunctional multi-linguistic code capability: multifunctional multi-language code capability, not only to generate or modify codes, understanding and compiling them, etc., can support python, java, etc., and after the code runs, there are systems in the country that have relative advantages, but follow.
Chatgpt is a big gap. The first level is a core layer of business in the fields of education, smart cities, smart politics, smart cars, etc., and consumers. The second level is an exploratory layer, where companies encourage in-house entrepreneurship and strategic cooperation mechanisms that promote artificial intelligence in the form of capital bonds, and the third level is a development layer, where platforms are developed around the core of artificial intelligence.
Companies provide support to entrepreneurs in the technical field. (iv) The i+ education b- and c-ends create closed loop patterns, using data advantages to become leaders in the education industry.
Vertical sector operations, now a b end-c closed loop pattern. Companies were affected by the epidemic in 2022, and their educational products projects were delayed, but business growth was achieved, with $6,419 million in smart education, an increase of 3.02 per cent compared to the previous year, increasing their share to 34.11 per cent. The b end covers services for schools such as smart examinations, smart classrooms, intelligent campuses, and regional educational clouds.
Through techniques such as artificial intelligence, big data, knowledge mapping, pre-school, middle and post-school scenes, tailoring the curriculum to teachers, students, and school administrators based on landscape-based teaching data.c Products such as SATs and personalized learning manuals construct growth points in the field of intellectual education.
The share and brand visibility have continued to rise, and the net recommended value of the user nps has kept the industry at the top. In 2022, the sales of the CMS Flyingai machine grew by more than 50 per cent. During the 618 push, the cumulative gmv was ranked first in the full cycle of online access (the Sky Cat & Kyundong & Width), with a 100 per cent increase in line sales during the two 11 periods; the number of underline shops grew by 100 per cent and the sales under the line grew by more than 100 per cent for the two years in a row.
idc calculates that China’s learning tablet will continue to grow at a rate of 5% by 2026.
Figure 20: Personalized learning manual. Cognitive intelligence further empowers the educational business, and education becomes more intelligent. The company combines the ai and the educational scene, has demonstrated competitiveness in a number of educational products and operations, and is expected to become a further educational product for the company as its cognitive intelligence rises in the future.
Qualitative upgrading: 1) Personalized teaching: The Starfire Cognitive Model emphasizes individual differences, recognizing that each student has different cognitive styles, learning speeds, and interests. Therefore, it encourages teachers to develop individualized teaching plans to meet the learning needs of different students according to their characteristics. 2) Invigorating students ' interest: students ' interest in subjects is an important driving force for their learning. Therefore, Starflash recognition
The knowledge model promotes creative and interesting teaching methods for teachers, stimulating their curiosity and desire to learn, thus enhancing their learning capacity. 3) Helping students to develop learning strategies: students need to have some learning strategies to better understand and master their knowledge. For example, memory anchors, thinking guides, synthesizing methods, etc.
Apply them in practice. 4) Promote in-depth learning: The Starfire Cognitive Model emphasizes that students should understand knowledge through in-depth thinking and research, rather than simply remembering their backs. Therefore, it promotes teacher-led critical thinking and problem-solving to promote deeper learning. 5) Improve self-learning: The Star Cognition Model believes that students should be able to learn on their own and be willing to do so.
To find and use resources to solve the problem. Therefore, it encourages teachers to develop self-learning skills and information skills to improve their self-esteem.
Illustrative tutoring like a real teacher has a wide market space. I'm getting more mature in the medical landscape and more applications in the recent past.
The technological breakthrough has rekindled the market’s discussion of ai+medical/medical issues. We believe that there is a vast future for ai+medical/medics.
According to an analysis by the Institute of Health Sciences, the market size of China ' s medical imagery is expected to be dramatic in 2025. Figure 23: 2021-2025 China ' s medical image market size is measured. The company ' s medical operations are growing rapidly and the market scenario is wide.
This represents an increase of 38.36 per cent, or 2.48 per cent of the company's revenues. The “Medical Assistant” is the only one in the industry who has completed more than 200 million standard electronic medical records through the National Professional Doctor's Qualification Qualifications in the districts and districts; a cumulative amount of more than 530 million advisory sessions for primary physicians, and an overall increase in the standard rate of writing of electronic records to more than 90 per cent.
More than 1.1 million cases, and more than 39 million reminders of the risk of unreasonable prescriptions. (vi) Starfire model upgrades the company’s product capacity.
(b) Education: language learning skills are being upgraded;
It is estimated that 10 minutes will be required to comment on, draw down a medical sentence or draw up something worth promoting; if you do a more in-depth analysis, one paper for at least 30 minutes, the 40-member class, the teacher fine-tunes an essay for more than 20 hours, and the time-changing human-trading student learns that he/she can exercise his/her skills: he/she can do the same free conversation as he/she does, and he/she can do it on his/her own.
(a) The translation evaluation, which now covers all primary and secondary school curricula.
Office areas: Cognitive model assistive office products are being upgraded. Exported, minutes/programming is automatically generated: the office could use a full-time record to automatically generate minutes, and a dedicated list of what you care about most. There is also the ability to strategize, often turning a saliva into a book.
The script actually takes a lot of effort, and it is not always efficient to read, and this time it can be solved through the power of the Great Starfire model. Achieving the target: the original text remains more than 96% faithful, with almost all of the key information, basically reducing the length of the article by 20 to 40%; shortening it will increase reading efficiency to more than 50%, as it looks more structured and smooth.
And it's really helping you with the language of your office, and one recording, one key, is written: the audio is not only an hour's audio for five minutes, and, with the cognitive model and the hold, the user doesn't have to look at anything in the middle and tell him what you want, you can automatically generate it.
Figure 28: An interactive experience of flying to upgrade human aircraft Chart 27: A map of office products of flying to motor vehicles: a freer and more human communication in human conversations, a better understanding of motor vehicles
The use of international advanced smart voice technology has provided you with a lot of interactivity inside the car, direct navigation, direct weather, direct car parameters, etc., with multiple wheels, multiple people, multi-field, multi-model human interaction, different content from each person in the driver's seat, copilot and back row, and even more than 20 per car.
These features have been experienced by more than 40 million users and more than 1300 service models. The big cognitive model allows for easier and safer use of cars and easier and safer use of digital employees:
A virtual human intelligence interactive is open 24/7, and a virtual pilot is on-line: after the launch of the i virtual interactive platform at the end of 2021, the platform now has over 1,000 virtual image assets, with more than 300 professional and different sounds that can become more intelligent, human and self-mobilized, like cars.
Digital virtual person: Rpa can automate business processes by using a wide range of software in an automated computer, based on a pre-developed script prepared by the staff. This process will rely heavily on professionals such as business process specialists and implementation engineers, while building processes that are time-consuming and costly. With a larger starfire model in place, the rpa becomes a deeper automatic.
. By describing the demand flow landscape to it, it automatically generates all the processes that address the long-cycle, platform+track development strategies that construct the growth point of the company's long-term performance (vii) with a niche advantage compared to the Bat giant.
Artificial intelligence is considered to be the core technology in the next technological revolution. idc predicts that the size of China’s artificial intelligence (ai) market spending will increase to $14.75 billion in 2023, about one tenth of the world’s total.
Smart decision-making has created more imagination and possibilities for markets. At the same time, firms’ positive push for their own “digitization” and “digitalization” transformation has created a demand for diversity in the ai technology, laying the foundation for long-term growth in the size of the Chineseai market.
In terms of industry ' s three-factor computing, algorithms, and data, the company 's "flying brain" has a leading role in algorithms compared to Bat giants, and has a g-endb-data advantage in the vertical field. In the face of the big bat ' s competition to enter an intelligent voice track, the commonwealth ' s advantage lies in its accumulated data advantage at the b-to-g end, and is able to take root at the c-end breakdown.
According to the semi-annual study on artificial intelligence market software and applications in China, 2019h2, published by idc, companies account for nearly 20 per cent of the total, starfires are launched, and the national production of the ai-heads are new miles.
(viii) Platform operations build large-scale ecological closures. According to data from the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the size of the open platform market was approximately 23.480 billion in 2021. The penetration rate varies from one area to another. The highest rate of Internet entertainment penetration is 75 per cent, followed by the financial system, but penetration in medical and industrial applications.
The market size of the open platform will increase further in the future as penetration rates rise and relevant policies support. In 2022, 2,781 million yuan, or 14.78 per cent of corporate revenue, was collected from the operation of the open platform.
Figure 35: A state of penetration by industry of a platform for the development of an open platform for the development of large-scale eco-closing rings. The company platform was launched in 2010 as the country’s first online artificial intelligence and open platform, providing continuous access to mobile Internet, smart hardware developers and large-scale users over a decade of development
At the same time, in the field of dynamic enabling industries, the provision of smart voice and artificial intelligence products and solutions for operators, finance, insurance, electricity, etc., improves user physiology and reduces service costs. The platform has now opened 396 ai capabilities and programs, bringing together more than 1756,000 developers.
More than its most powerful rival, the 100-degree dueros platform, it has an advantage in voice recognition technology and semantic understanding. Starfire release, a new mileage for the national production of the ai. Chart 37: Platform operations build closed-ring ecology, multidimensional enablers
(ix) A steady increase in corporate smart hardware product sales in 2019-2021, and a 1.321 billion gain in public-sector smart hardware in 2022. A “double 11” in 2022, with 32 per cent increase in sales from the same year.
In the same year, the company became second in rank on a cai learning machine, smart office book, smart recorder, translator, smart hearing aid, etc.
Lead brands and sustainable streaming revenue. Chart 40: C-products won three platforms in 2020 with 25 crowns; corporate business expanded less than expected; market competition increased; business innovation risks; and policies fell short of expectations.
Starfire, National Dragon Leader New Mile. Starfire, National Dragon Leader New Mile.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report