On May 6, 2023, Quanta.
From a historical point of view, the development of the science-message flight was the enrichment of the development of artificial intelligence, and the science-message flight, the first of its kind, launched in 2014, began to move from nlp to one.
Ten years of ai-exploration has created a deep mooring of the river in the fields of ai-data, technology, applications, etc. The rich application landscape is the advantage of a rapidly landing difference, with high-quality data at the national level providing a guarantee that the model will continue to take the lead.
With the first four applications, the Quest took the lead in building the country's first Quest commercial closed link with software and hardware, with the “flying wheel effect” pre-eminent. The four first applications were issued over-expected as poles, and one gave the industry the bottom of the industry.
With adequate technical resources, the second and third batch of ai+ industry applications will arrive at the end of the year, realizing the vision of the industry as a whole. In 2023, there will be three key milestones that can be tracked, and on October 24, the Big Star model will be fully aligned with the markchatgpt.
Six major “land-based” operations, building up a system-wide solution for “top-ups” plus “situation” (1) Education policy supports safe and secure construction, the People's Bank's special lending policy focuses on supporting people's banks, teaching people of wisdom, and nurturing activities are well under way, leading to the integration of g-b-c. The company has now formed a cross-section of companies from the state to the provinces, cities, and cities.
(b) National policy on health care is “Truly 23-year Quarterly Review”: the Big Star Model promotes “Standing the Sky” with strong support, the Health Commission's policy is responsive, and the strategy continues to be a three-dimensional g-b-c strategy.
(b) 2. Quick-impact medical assistants (002230.sz) in the third quarter of 2022,2 need to be introduced into primary hospitals to improve the capacity and efficiency of GP consultations;3
Short-term performance pressure, long-term location of the population based on local operations, provision of family doctor follow-up, slow-disease management, etc.
Three-dimensional, three-dimensional, three-dimensional, three-dimensional, 3.
A robust growth in performance, with the platform+track strategy advancing steadily -- the roll-out of new hardware and software products, combined with improved long-term marketing channels to build back flow of demand data, resulted in 2022/08/25
The new i+ bottom-of-the-data model is being developed. The company builds a new smart city based on the bottom of the Toyoi+data.
Programme 2022/04/23, with a corresponding customized programme for thousands of students, with a built-in kernel of `urban super-cerebral', lycée 5. Incidental evaluation of the science major flight (002230.sz): performance chain
Business super-cerebral application to a single system. 5) The “best idea” of increasing the frequency of smart television use -- perception and continuous growth, “up top-heavy” boosts the synchronization of ground operations to two interactive ways. 6) Smart cars are one of the most important terminals of the alot era.
Investment proposals: As a leading domestic AI firm, companies view the large model of the CJF in a positive way, with an average of 133x, 69x and a “recommended” rating of 3600 and KKLWV in 2023 and 2024, respectively.
On May 6, 2023, the Big Star model launched a new era, and the first four applications of education, office, car, and word workers were launched, and the big models and products were all over-expected.
The journey is the enrichment of the development of artificial intelligence, with the launch in 2014 of the "Search Super Brain" project, which started from nlp to ai, and the exploration of ai in the last 10 years, which was set up to protect the city's rivers in the fields of data, technology, applications, etc., and which was enriched by the differential advantage of the rapid landing of the model, the state.
High-quality high-quality data provide a guarantee for the continued leadership of the Big Flight Model. 1.1 Super-foresee layout + firm technical input is a solid barrier to the Big Flight Model.
Artificial intelligence development is divided into three stages: sensory intelligence, cognitive intelligence, and motor intelligence. The exhibition is an enrichment of the development of artificial intelligence.
Early artificial intelligence is the stage of cognitive intelligence, which means that a person can hear, can see, and is able to recognize, that this stage corresponds to the Nlp series of products (e.g., telephonic hearing, telemetry etc.); that artificial intelligence is currently in the cognitive intelligence phase, that is, that a person can understand and think, and that is the most significant sign of this phase.
Founded in 1999 in cooperation with the Chinese University of Science and Technology, the natural background of the national team for scientific research has enabled the company to break through the cognitive intelligence phase of artificial intelligence in just a decade or so and move to cognitive intelligence.
() Calculators refer to the initial brain surge of a big model of cognitive intelligencechatgpt: a generic dialogue model based on a large model of a deep neural network
One system, the first technological leap of cognitive intelligence! gpt-4: new multimodular unified semantic understanding of images entered!chatgpt, gpt-4 intelligence has emerged, as a major breakthrough has been achieved simultaneously in seven dimensions of intelligence!
A dialogueal understanding of any task, a complex logic of reasoning, a role-playing pagoda.
Parameterized full memory, ability to support evolution, long text generation.
The semantic layer of the input image is understood by the program code to be automatically generated.
The 2014 "Spear Brains" is the beginning of a science major flight to cognitive intelligence, and a prototype of a starfire model. In 2014, it was first released, training an individual until he can understand the language, a knowledge sheet, an idea of reasoning, and an autonomy learning.
According to the three technological pathways of stubble, the deep neural network is the foundation of the current large model arithmeticals, the big data and stubble effects that have evolved into large model ai, such as data tagging, unsupervised learning, and the training of televised brains has led to a long-term reserve of computing power.
In our view, the high-profile head of science flight, launched in 2014, provides a good basis for the company ' s follow-up model, its algorithms, and its arithmetic, which is the backbone of the rapid roll-out of the Big Star model.
In August 2014, for the first time, the “Scope Brain Project” was launched, developing a cognitive intelligence system based on the neurological network of the human type. 1.1.2 Over the past decade, the path of continuous science-based fly-ai investment has been clear: 1) exclusive models (small models) in the fields of education, medicine, etc.: reference to the development history of the openai, large model
The model is based on the premise that the development, training, application, etc. of small models is mature enough, that the product of the openai was only a vertical, small model in the field of games, and that the size of the parameters will eventually be expanded to form a larger model of 17.5 billion parameters, gpt3.
The brain plan first targets small models in the vertical field, with a large number of small models that have been successfully fielded, with the most successful models in the field of procreation and medicine, such as the one in the field of education, where a large number of awards have been awarded globally, the evaluation of the essays has reached the level of experts for the first time, and in 2022, 12 provinces have had high scores for their essays.
Technology for high-profile flights; the first artificial intelligence in the world passed a national medical practitioner's qualification.
Wisdom industry, smart media, bean networking services.
(1) Smart Agriculture fm Smart Life
Urban governance e Wisdom justice, Wisdom medicine
2) Nlp continues to break itself: nlp is the basis for the semantic understanding of the big model, and science is constantly updating the Nlp technology ceiling. In 2019, Stanford University launched the international squad machine reading understanding competition, which allowed the machine, for the first time, to exceed the human average in English reading understanding; in 2022, in Ai.
For the first time, the single model exceeded the average level of humans at the Openbookqa Science Logic Competition organized by the L.A. On May 6, 2023, the company officials declared that, based on the results of the test, the semantic understanding of the semantic capabilities of the semantics of the semantics was far ahead of the detectable existing system in the country, compared to the chhatgpt.
There is a slight difference. The Chinese-English text-generation capacity, if 5 is full, chhatgpt 4.48, has reached 4.29.
In 2022, the company picked 16 international champions in key artificial intelligence cores, involving 13 common senses.
Reading to challenge the international champions of cognitive intelligence such as Saipenbookqa, qasc, and reclor) Transformer algorithms have accumulated over a long period of time: the big models are now based on transformer.
Algorithms, e.gpt, Google bert, etc.. The tasks of voice recognition, graphic recognition, machine translation are performed in the framework of Transformer and are at a relatively good level, and the company’s open-source pre-training model is twice as high as the number 2 in Github, reflecting a long-term accumulation optimization of algorithms.
Figure 7: Long-term continuous accumulation of the transformer algorithm () Long-term continuous accumulation of the transformer algorithm
• Telecommunications flight has extensive experience with deep-secular network algorithms and has been widely applied to voice recognition, graphic recognition, machine translation, etc., and has reached the Quest flight 6-class, 40-plus pre-training language models in Chinese, Github
The platform gained the first and far second place in a pre-training language model for the same categories of stars in Chinese. 1.1.3 Building a better world with artificial intelligence for the next 10 years, and the Great Starfire model has thick and thin hairs to build the Chinese top-level ai ecology.
In 2022, with the special closing points for the "Speech Over Brain 2030" and "1+n" cognitive intelligence models, the SCOM model will combine all pre-existing resource reserves with the support of the relevant national platforms to achieve a thick and thin hair. In early 2022, the company launched the "Speech Over Brain 2030" program, which seeks to make a difference.
Knowledge, learning, evolving common artificial intelligence technologies that can enter every household in robotic physical or virtual form, starting the process of research and development of large modelai; at the end of 2022, with the inspiration of the successful landing ofchatgpt, companies quickly validated relevant technology and R & D systems.
Determined that the company has a well-structured research team and a very good accumulation of key technologies that can fully recreate the wisdom of the openai, the "1+n" special attack of the big smart model was launched, the "1" was a big star fire model, and the "n" was a grounding of the big model in various fields, including education, etc.
Just five months later, on May 6, 2023, the Quest has completed the Big Star model and its landing in a number of fields, such as education, office, automobiles, digital workers, and the big models and applications quickly arrived to reflect the thick hairs of the Quest Flying Model.
The "1+n" attack plan is progressing in a phased manner.
An interactive human machine, a big model of cognitive intelligence based on three national platforms.
The country's new generation of artificial intelligence, cognitive intelligence, speech and language information processing.
Open Innovation Platform National Focus Laboratory National Engineering Research Centre
Starfire Ecology has opened up to co-operation, not only with a plug-in system similar to that of the openai+plugin, but also with a variety of landing scenarios that are not available in the openai.
As of May 6, 2023, more than 4 million certified developers, more than 5 million partners, and 36 industries, more than 3,000 businesses, have agreed on a clear intention to work together and are growing. Starfire Ecology not only supports the eco-economy of the puneai+plugin plugins.
The system can also provide developers with a huge amount of ai landing scenes, for example, in the case of the i-services market of the Quest Network, where the i-services market has formed a whole industry chain for the sale of ai production, supporting dozens of platform services, resolution programmes, etc., as well as ecological cooperation, supply-demand matching windows, to further promote ai-falling.
Figure 9: Starfire Ecology has opened up cooperation
1.2 The rich application landscape is a differentiated advantage of the rapid landing of the large-scale model.
Addressing major issues in social development has built a “strategy-based ground” for sustainable development in such key tracks as education, health care, smart cities, and the intellectual transformation of businesses, and has made a breakthrough in the quality and recognition of c-smart hardware products as a learning machine, a smart office book, a smart recording pen, a translator, a smart hearing aid, etc.
In the context of differences between industries that hinder the smooth running of the i-programme, the depth of exploitation and use of relevant industry data, and ultimately the targeted evolution of “in-depth learning,” has gradually become a consensus in the industry. Companies have taken the lead in creating ground-based blueprints for education, health care, consumers, intelligent cities, operators, and others.
Cars are six "based on the ground" to build a system-wide solution for the "top sky" plus the "stretch." Figure 12: The science-message-to-mass-to-mass-ai application scene.
A platform for robotic development, which is centred on the ability nebula, multi-modular interaction, intelligent motion, model training, asset generation and hardware and hardware access, helps developers quickly build physical machines that understand knowledge, learn well, and evolve.
Science and Technology has continued to promote the expansion of i applications through the platform + track model. Science and Technology has been pursuing the platform + track application expansion strategy for many years, with Science and Culture as its first country in 2017.
With more than 1.64 million applications online on this platform, the further integration of large models into open platforms will lead to a leap in the capacity of the entire open platform, with the prospect of an innovative blow-out of the ai application.
Mmatter National New Generation of Artificial Intelligence Open Innovation Platform “Cloud+end” service, open to global integration
The industry of deep-farming vertical industry that has accumulated over the years is a catalyst for the rapid penetration of large modelai, and in the case of the pole industry, the importance of industry know-how to the landing of large modelai is explored: 1)ai+education: the key word of large modelai in education is materialization. Not only can it solve the problem.
The pain in the reproductive sector is the adaptation of the work, the analysis of the children's studies, the timely evaluation of the learning process, and the individualization of the recommendations; it also enables children to learn while the machine guides them, at any time during the course of their studies, to feel the results of this period, to form a closed circle in time, and to analyse the learning process in a precise manner.
They're able to find the child's weaknesses, accurately identify the place where the child's promotion takes place, and provide emotional value to the child.
Artificial Intelligent Support Education, based on the teaching and teaching of the advantages of each person, 2)ai+medication: I'm going to be a doctor's assistant to each doctor at the same time and a doctor's assistant to each person's health. At the end of b, the computer assistant has done 580 million artificial intelligence consultations to date.
In more than 300 districts and counties in China, primary health-care institutions are used by doctors, and the large model is better able to help doctors improve their medical records, complementary diagnostics, programme recommendations, medication management, etc. At the end of c., the large model is capable of providing personal health counselling, health management, disease management, etc.
Figure 16: Science and Technology Flyingai+ Strategic Framework for Medical Care
"Ai Clinical Assistant for Every Doctor, Ai Health Assistant for Every Doctor" is no longer a dream! 3)ai+Team Interaction: All kinds of smart hardware products are new entry points for the next generation of machines to interact with each other. The company develops multiple types of smart hardware, such as translation, office, study machine, scanning pens, smart cabin hardware systems.
The potential for future human interaction is set aside.
Applied scene: The wisdom of the big model of cognitive intelligence is emerging as a new entry for the next generation of Internet users. 1.3 National high-quality data sources are a guarantee of the continued leadership of the big model.
As a national team, it is a rare company authorized to train high-quality knowledge such as the China Science Association and the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Data quality is an important determinant of the effectiveness of large modelai applications, and according to a large model launch meeting, the company works with the China Science Association and the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
In addition, in the vertical sector, high-profile databases, such as in the field of education (g), have now accumulated applications at the municipal and district (county) levels in more than 50, and after-school service operations have covered over 300 districts, over 12,000 schools, with platform market ownership continuing at the highest level in the country.
(a) Educational data resources; in the field of medicine, based on materials from the People ' s Health Press, from undergraduate to doctoral studies, and the continuous training of millions of high-level electronic medical records; in the area of justice, in 26 provincial and urban areas of the country, over 1,800 court units have access to the judicial platform of the Quickai, providing continuous and high-quality case data;
In the case of Huixiang, in the case of Jiang Yuen Yu, Science and Technology has built the first comprehensive population database across the province, bringing together about 400 million data on the population. Based on this data, as well as on government data, the pilot project on innovative digital applications of inclusive finance has been launched throughout the province.
The roll-out resulted in the accumulation of more than 50 tb of industrial language materials and more than 1 billion interactive applications per day for users, providing big models for training to achieve expert standards with big industry text material and user feedback data.
“The digital economy park in Pisan, China,” with professional data, further improves the quality of training. The park is built around two major events: “Exploring Innovation” and “Employing Talents.”
The campus phase of 3.0 marked the partner incubation model and opened the phase of 4.0 with independent data capacity for disaster preparedness and public service capacity for resource capacity in the park. Figure 18: Working area of the Digital Economic Park in Pisan, China
In addition, the company began building its computing infrastructure in 2009 and has built its own industry-class data centre at its headquarters.
In addition, nearly 1,000 times the efficiency of the reasoning of the 10 billion-parameter large model has been achieved in engineering technology, which has made it possible to expand the number of economically beneficial applications of the larger model of cognitive intelligence in the future.
• Text generation: Models support voice input and automatically improve and adjust syntax, Chinese is above chhatgpt and English is approaching;
(b) Knowledge Questions & Answers: As a national team, they receive high-quality knowledge, such as the China Science and Technology Association, the Chinese Academy and a large number of hospitals throughout the country Logical reasoning: comprehensive support for common sense, science, time and other types of reasoning;
Mathematical skills: Mathematics has 16 detailed categories and SMS has excellent performances; Code capabilities: have a certain advantage in the country and will increase rapidly over the next two months; Multi-modules: support for text-to-photos, videos, virtuals, music, etc.
The first four ai+ applications from the conference were education-learning machines, office-office books, and education-learning-office-office-office-office applications.
Automobiles – smart cabins, digital employees – class Aautogpt’s pra system.
It will explain in detail what's wrong, what's right, how to upgrade; the big model of English Dialogue Access can be fully authenticated; chatting, and an automatic translation evaluation can be conducted during the conversation, which now covers all subjects of primary and secondary school subjects.
Figure 22: The English-language dialogue is tested by a learning machine, i. Office book: access to the ai provides the ability to conduct minutes, text lines, one key writing, etc., and the accuracy and time consumed are significantly optimized. The original integrity of the minutes of the proceedings of the Section ' s Grand Quest Flyingi office is maintained at 96 per cent.
So, all the key messages are effectively preserved while reducing the length of articles by 20 to 40%; with the shortening, human reading efficiency can be increased to over 50% as the articles appear to be more structured and harmonized.
Under the model's hold, the intelligent cabin has entered the new stage of interactive performance. This is reflected in our ability to communicate more freely and humanely in human conversations; to understand all of our car's expertise and to help drivers solve their problems at any time; and to support navigation, media, meals by plug-in.
The integration of various skills links such as drinking, attractions, etc., provides a wealth of real-time information and services for the garage.
One demand, i.e., a fully automated programming, drawing ppt, etc., has been shown to be extremely productive in real-time tests. The rpa-boom model allows businesses to operate with process-related work, making it workable for all, thus reducing reliance on professionals, while building processes with shorter cycles and lower costs.
Figure 26: Large-scale model digital workforce 2 takes the lead in completing the big-model business lockdown, with clear linear extrapolation paths, with four initial applications, and a national headline based on software and hardware as one business model.
In the case of e-education, there is no good business model for a large model-based i-education platform at the present time, and companies can only continue to invest in large modelai training, wiring, internal measurements, but not in return.
Leading brands and sustainable streaming revenues are expected to use revenue to further train and upgrade the ai and to achieve a “fly-wheel effect.” The first released ai applications, such as cars, offices, digital employees, can be quickly rolled out through a deep channel to achieve a fly-wheel effect in their respective fields.
Four of the first applications are landmarks, technology, data resources, and I hope I will be able to provide a full-scale view. The science majors fly with long-term experience of research in the field of Ia, a rich and well-developed ai and multi-industry landscapes that not only provide a sense of social and intellectual understanding, customizing proximity to the scene.
Knowledge and cognitive models and algorithms can also provide technical resources related to the integration of hardware and software, such as the open platform and antelope industry Internet, data linking up and down the robotic industrial chain, content, hardware (sensor, implementer, joint module) and integration programmes, and different model data based on multiple sensors
On May 6, 2023, the Chief Executive of the Science and Technology News Fair announced that the next industry applications would be medical, urban, judicial, industrial, etc. We believe that the four first applications will be published as super-expected poles, and that one will be able to provide industry-wide access.
The second and third batch of ai+ industry applications will come as soon as the bottom technology resources are ready, with the ultimate realization of the vision of the industry as a whole. In 2023, there will be three key trackable milestones, and the Starfire Model will be comprehensive on October 24th.
On June 9, 2023, the Big Star model will search for the plugin when it is on line. At this point, the Big Star model will be used in a similar way to gpt4+bing and will be up-to-date; on August 15, the Big Star model code generation capability will be significantly enhanced; on October 24, the Big Star model will be used in a manner similar to that of gpt4+bing.
Under the existing system, performance tests will be rated against the labelchatgpt (over and equal in English). 3ai enabling full-line business flourishes. 3.1 large modelai will provide a significant boost to the current product.
Large modelai will enhance the functionality of existing products in the following six directions, thereby enhancing their functionality and range of services. First, large modelai will change the current pattern of information distribution and acquisition, and big modelai will give the best-quality answers. Second, large modelai can innovate in the way content is produced and greatly improve in various areas.
Production efficiency; third, large modelai can make all-natural interactions and alter existing patterns of human interaction, so that any device can hear, understand and think as human beings, and contribute greatly to the interconnectivity of everything; fourth, large modelai can be an accelerator for scientific work, and human energy can be drawn from a great deal of red tape.
In the end, the big model'sai would destabilize traditional manual programming, not only would it greatly increase the efficiency of the current software industry, but it would also make us more imaginative today if we were creative.
Everyone can come up with ideas in the digital economy, and he doesn't have to be programmed or have the resources to put together a programming team, but a big model from the backstage to help him run his program and promote his business. Figure 28: How the big modelai empowers the existing product.
The nielytek model will bring a remarkable boost to the current product. 3.2 Smart education: going back to the classroom with efficient coaching.
The “two-way-down” policy focuses on “enhancement of the primary role of school education” and focuses on the average distribution of educational resources. The “two-way-down” policy is based on “a focus on building a high-quality education system and strengthening the primary role of school education”, with a clear emphasis on improving the quality of the design, quality of school education and quality of services.
Education, as the “fundamental” of the nation, is the best solution to the shortage of talent in the long term. In a context that places too much emphasis on grades and promotion rates, it tends to ignore the need for extracurricular remedial education.
Teachers and students are in a high state of pressure, increasingly reducing the quality of teaching in the classroom; parents invest a lot of time, money and output, social resources are further compressed and, in a vicious circle, the overall distribution of educational resources is unevenly distributed, so that the policy of “two-downs” should come out.
The education sector has been re-established, and teaching has returned to the classroom. Since the beginning of 2021, the education and training sector has been subjected to a tightening of high-intensity and high-intensity regulatory policies, with a continuous pressure on the whole section, while the kernel of deep-seated industry demand for remedial training has not changed – that is, the expectations of parents and society for students remain high.
There is an objective conflict between the diversity of life and the traditional "100-year-old" in education. Students who map the missing counselling machines still need systematic and targeted counselling, and the burden on parents is further compounded by the constant kernel, whether it is their own counselling or other model; at the same time, the State insists on maintaining the science.
Education policy supports safe and secure construction, and the People’s Bank’s special lending policy focuses on supporting people in China.)
On 28 September, the Bank announced the establishment of a special re-loan for equipment upgrading, which will support financial institutions in providing loans at a rate of less than 3.2 per cent for equipment upgrading in manufacturing, social services and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises, individual businesses, etc., in the areas of education, health and hygiene, etc.)
In recent years, policies in the education sector have also continued to encourage the safe and secure development of the education sector.
The science science science and intelligence education business has built a business system for clients in the G/b/c category around the objective of “improving the performance of students and improving the quality of teaching; reducing the number of examinations and evaluating the effectiveness of teaching; and meeting the needs of technologically powerful countries”.
The application of in-house teaching and learning has developed a pattern of products such as "Government encourages identity, teacher-students love and parents like to trust." In 2022, companies generated $6.161 billion, or 32.74 per cent, of their educational products and services, and led the integration of g-b-c in the 3.2.1 education track.
g. b. c. is moving in parallel and responding to the country's major educational imperatives. In the context of the “double reduction” policy, there is still a need to develop a full range of developmental students, to improve the efficiency of teaching and to ensure the quality of education as a whole, and the closed circle of g-b-c, built by the Government, teachers, students, and parents, becomes the best solution.
Guided by the vision of “The Dream of Educational Achievement”, which addresses major educational issues in the country, the company combines the profound application of artificial intelligence core techniques and educational landscapes, provides streamlined services to students, teachers and managers at all levels of education, achieves the accumulation of data in the teaching and learning processes, helps teachers and students to reduce their negative effects and promotes educational progress.
At present, the Quest Smart Education has developed an operational system of integration of g-b-c, with products spread across 32 provincial administrative units and overseas markets such as Japan and Singapore.g End: Regional `Technology' solutions are steadily on the ground and multi-provincial educational teaching systems are applied to results
g. Operations at the end are mainly focused on building regions, such as provincial and municipal districts, and covering holistic solutions for all schools and users in the region, helping to inform education and providing an effective path to higher-quality development in the region.
To help solve the vicious cycle of “two-down” dependence of former students on out-of-school training at the source by improving the efficiency of school preparation, job placement and evaluation at the level of teachers.
In accordance with the Government's approach to education, the “Technology Teaching” has been fully established. According to the 2022 report, the science majors flew.
(a) The continuous scale and scale of replication and replication of integrated solutions for the teaching of wisdom, which have landed in the cities of Anhui Lake, Hebei, and districts (districts) and have rapidly evolved into regular applications, have been accumulated at more than 50 municipal, district (county) levels, and have resulted in positive efficiency gains in effective support for teachers and students, with statistically proven applications;
Intelligent assessment techniques have been cumulatively implemented in 14 provincial and municipal higher examinations; English has been informed that the number of new and upper secondary examinations is 12, covering 15 provincial and municipal higher and 99 local secondary examinations; and big data and the teaching and testing of the aid schools have contributed to the re-entry and efficiency of education at the b end.
The main focus of the business is on school construction, including high-data precision teaching in schools, English-language tests, etc. In this context, the big-data-precision teaching system digs deep into the value of the data, helping schools to improve the accuracy of pre-meditated tubes and the effectiveness of student learning; and the use of big-data and artificial intelligence technology to achieve precision based on a student’s normal chemistry.
Diagnostic analysis and high-quality resources are recommended to improve teaching efficiency and traditional classroom capacity. The English Language Learning Level is a comprehensive solution to English-language teaching, learning, testing, and testing at the district level.
A wealth of teaching and examination resources to support the organization of district cadets, cadets and day-to-day testing of classes; to assist teachers in English-language classroom teaching activities and support students in individualized self-learning; and to automatically transfer examination records and learning records of general statistical students, resulting in analytical and academic studies, support teachers
Teaching research and decision-making. Figure 30: Precision and English.
The teaching system deepens the value of the data and helps schools to improve the accuracy and effectiveness of student learning in pre-meditated tubes; the use of big data and artificial intelligence technology to achieve accurate diagnostic analysis based on the normal chemistry of students; and the recommendation of high-quality resources to enhance the efficiency of teaching and the capacity of traditional classroom teaching.
One end of the spectrum is the creation of a networked, digitalized, interactive, intelligent learning environment that supports online, off-the-shelf, off-curricular, virtual reality-based learning applications; and the promotion of interdisciplinary intellectual learning models, real personalized learning and learning, and the transfer of learners to intellectual and intellectual development.
The two-teacher classroom is a “Internet+” mindset, based on a new generation of information technologies, and is designed to deliver tele-pedagogical presentations, real-time interactions, quality resource sharing, etc. around the balance of education and the practical needs of teachers and students.
Simulation of the examination environment and system applications, and technological excellence underpins English-language learning of performance growth. In English-language writing and in English-level 46, upper secondary and English-language examinations, the rate of accuracy of speech is higher than that of real people. The g-end, b-end, and hearing class, c-end have been built.
In 2022, the English language was told to cover 15 provincial and municipal high and 99 local and mid-level examinations.
The personalized learning manual is in the form of a paper-based manual whose main function is based on data on the day-to-day education of students in schools.
Large data precision analyses students' weak knowledge points, and promotes individualized exercises to help schools achieve hierarchical learning.
Figure 31: Personalized learning manual interface After class, personalized learning manual helps to “double down” the ground. Beyond the main school positions, one step is taken to cover the incremental market for after-school services. In the classroom scene, the core techniques are based on big data, artificial intelligence, etc.
A manual for personalized learning, based on the process of testing, classroom interaction, homework, etc. generated by students in school, analysis of the knowledge points of the students, and “specifically tailored”, based on weak items, can be used by teachers to provide accurate diagnosis of the situation, focus on typical problems, and focus on individual sexuality, so that they can be further substantiated.
In 2022, the “two-fold reduction” policy returned to the main school position, further increasing the market for after-school services. The post-mission service solution was for education authorities, schools, teachers, parents, and students and students.
Third-party institutions have addressed seven core issues: curriculum resource provision, teacher services, teaching administration, curriculum evaluation, data regulation, and promoting “high security and up-to-date” after-school services. At present, after-school services cover over 300 districts, more than 12,000 schools, and platform market occupancy continues to be the highest.
Personalized learning manuals have worked well and their performance has grown rapidly. In 2022, individualized learning manuals maintained a retention rate of more than 90 per cent, subject to the cumulative impact on schools of over 60 per cent of the suspension of classes; and a series of thematic booklets, i-intellectual adaptations, new high-test collections, etc. were launched around the reduction of negative efficiency gains and new high-testing needs of students and teachers.
In addition, the need for higher examinations for vocational education has been extended to the middle-level education market in some provinces and municipalities.
The q20 and x30pro, which were released in June 2022, and the t20pro, which was just released in May 2023, are currently available in the q20 series.
In addition, t20pro covers a variety of learning venues, such as pre-schools, refreshers, pre-tests, homework tutors, etc., and has six main protection features.
Training + Learning + Training, designed to help students make up for the shorts. The content of a learning machine is based on testing, learning, and training in the corporate intelligent education system. By scanning and analysing students' tests and work, one finds learning weaknesses, asks questions about weaknesses, and records and collates errors, and makes recommendations.
Traditional learning machines such as the Little Big King, Renjie, Star have two major errors in the student user's use experience: 1) simply act as an electronic repository and do not make human connections.
Each of them causes students to use either the wrong direction of the subject at the time of its use or to fall into a “tactical trap”; 2) there is a lot of internalization, and there is a lack of use of monitoring, time statistics, etc., which induces students to become obsessed with games, triggering visual and performance drops, thereby undermining their physical and mental health. Some third-party learning software, such as the Apes Library, has built-in science.
Calculating, but unable to interact physically with the student, the student can practice only through the basic recommended algorithms, the needles, and the lack of sex. By playing the role of “houseteachers”, the student can not only interact physically in real time, but also form a knowledge map for the student.
It is more likely to provide a model of parent health that will eliminate the "learning machine" from becoming a game. It is a policy-driven combination of the epidemic and increases the demand for educational flats.
According to the Opinion, “the availability of individual learning terminals that meet technical standards and learning needs in places where conditions exist.” The demand for educational tablets is increasing with the catalytic effect of online learning and policy. idc projects that in 2022 China's student tablet market delivered 3.56 million units, an increase of 4.1 per cent over the same year, and that of China's education tablet.
Since it was marketed, it has been highly recognized by users and industry. In the highly competitive learning machine industry, the market share and brand profile of the science-based learning machine have continued to increase, and the net recommended value of the user nps has continued to remain industry first.
The sales of the Flyingai Learning Machine grew by more than 50%, and continued to grow strongly and win over the industry. During the 618 seasons, it was the first time that the cumulative gmv of the full-cycle (the Sky Cat and the Kyundong & the Whisper) had grown 100% over the 11-year period; the number of under-line shops had increased by 100% and the number of off-line sales had grown by two years in a row.
g-b-c integration constitutes the ecological isolation of smart education, which promotes the return of education to the main school positions. At the g end, the regional-level solutions for learning through materialization are being improved in a number of locations; at the b end, the precision teaching and intelligence examinations are supported by big data and arithmeticals to support classroom wisdom teaching and help schools to create a mock examination environment.
And systems; at the end of the spectrum, the QUIL is designed to meet the needs of students for after-school remedial education, to strengthen their own learning, knowledge and refreshment, and to reduce the burden of parental guidance. The company’s intelligence education business promotes government, schools, families, multi-dimensional support education back to the school’s main position, and gradually becomes government-sanctioned, teacher-pupil and parent-trusted.
With the overall support of the policy, the company’s construction of education in g-b-c is closing and is accelerating its penetration of the country’s market. With technology such as artificial intelligence and the accumulation of deep farming in the field of education, combined with the policy drive, the company’s intellectual education business has become increasingly recognized in more regions.
The various models, including 3, 7, 3, 3+1+2, have been validated in almost thousands of schools in Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei, Shanghai, Zhejiang, An Xi, Chongqing, Jiangsu, Hubei, Fujian, Guangdong Shandong, Sichuan, Yunnan, Shanxi, and Shanxi.
In the future, the company will further strengthen its capacity in the field of education operations to build product-effectiveness integration; continue to promote quality areas and school layouts and to improve the efficiency and informatization of education through the “Technology-based” solution; and produce based on personalized learning.
The value of the goods will be increased by promoting a business model of deep operation for teachers and students. By taking advantage of the “diplomatic” approach, corporate intelligence education will be combined with educational policy reforms to accelerate penetration of the national market.
In the context of national policy's strong support for the health sector and the positive response of the Health Care Board, there is much to be done in terms of intelligent medicine. On September 7, 2022, the State Council's Standing Committee submitted a two-year extension of a percentage point for some areas, applying for a discount until December 31, 2022.
The Standing Meeting decided to upgrade equipment for manufacturing, services, social services, and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises, individual businesses, etc., in the fourth quarter, and to support national commercial banks to actively invest medium- and long-term loans at a rate not higher than 3.2%. The People’s Bank of China provides special re-lending support to commercial banks on 100% of the principal loan.
On 28 September, the People's Bank of China further clarified its policy support for re-lending and re-lending for the upgrading of equipment. According to the relevant head of the People's Bank of China, the amount of re-lending and re-lending for the upgrading of equipment was more than 200 million yuan, with an interest rate of 1.75 per cent, with a duration of one year, renewable twice, with a duration of one year each, and a “prior loan” was adopted.
On September 15, 2022, the National Health Council issued the National Health Council's report on the need to upgrade medical equipment using a public interest-rate loan.
In the circular for investigation, the policy provided for the liberalization of interest-bearing loans in principle for all public and non-public health-care institutions, the proposed upgrading of medical equipment to cover all health-care institutions with a financial interest-bearing loan, and the requirement that each hospital loan be at least 20 million yuan, and that the loan be used in the direction of medical consultations, clinical examinations, serious illnesses, etc.
The purchase of various medical equipment, such as rehabilitation, scientific research, etc., has greatly contributed to the high-quality development of the health-care sector. At the same time, the health-care sector has continued since 2022 as a result of the policies of the National Health Council, among others.
Inequal distribution of resources, most quality health resources are concentrated in large cities, while primary health-care institutions are poorly informed, have few medical equipment, and have limited medical skills to meet the rapidly growing medical needs of the region’s population.
(b) To create a life-format approach for medical assistants at the end of the year, based on the need for medical consultations and efficiency; (c) to provide family doctor follow-up, slow-disease management, etc., at the end of the population.
Coverage of government funding for health care at the end of the cycle, hospital-level medical resources, residential end-of-care costs, and promotion of a virtuous circle of funding. 3.3.1 Basic health care is urgently built and intelligent medicine is in line with policy priorities
The distribution of health-care resources has been uneven, and there has been considerable resistance from the level-III hospital system in China. According to the Euro100 million think tank, only 8% of the hospitals in China are level-III hospitals, mainly in large cities, which handle up to 50% of the outpatients. Most of the medical resources are currently located in large cities, with little coverage at the grass-roots level, but the rural population is smaller than the rural population.
In urban centres, the regional hospitals are overcrowded, while basic hospitals are difficult to share because of inadequate medical capacity. In primary health-care facilities, there are pains such as poor medical information, difficult services, and difficult diagnosis.
Low investment in health information, poor information systems, lack of institutional management, high levels of duplication of work and inefficiency in the provision of health services; in the case of rural doctor teams, the age structure is biased, the level of education is low, the basic skills and quality of care are limited and the quality of services at the grass-roots level is inadequate
In terms of medical diagnosis, primary health care facilities are less equipped and have a high proportion of medium- and low-level equipment, which makes it impossible to complete major disease tests and to produce specialized diagnostics. In the normal course of the epidemic, primary medical pains make it more difficult to prevent the disease.
The main forces in the field of prevention and control, while maintaining their focus and commitment to prevention and control of diseases and chronic diseases, have increased the pressure on public health services and the difficulty of doing so. The government has intensified its policy on primary health care systems, and companies have built intellectual health products with policies at their core.
In 2009, the reform of medicine was intensified, and the policy of grass-roots health-related policies has focused on building hardware at the grass-roots level to complement soft power. In particular, after the 2020 epidemic, a series of grass-roots health policies were issued, accelerating the pace of grass-roots health-care construction.
Over the years, as an ecological leader, combined with the powerful advantages of smart voice technology, a system of intelligent medical products with a strong medical intelligence capable of analysis: 1) an intellectual assistant can improve the capacity and efficiency of doctors, serve the health management of patients, and reduce the rate of hospitalization of diseases.
(c) Digital video services can facilitate the sharing of medical resources.
Improved product matrix patient support avoids duplication of examinations, saves health care costs, and eventually leads to a virtuous cycle of government funding. Corporate smart medical products are expected to be the focus of the Government's efforts to build basic health care. 3.3.2 Immediate medical assistants supplement primary health care resources and improve the efficiency of medical personnel
By the end of 2022, the system had cumulatively covered 30 provinces throughout the country (Autonomous Communities, Autonomous Communities, etc.).
Directly administered municipalities, 380 districts and districts and regularized applications to assist basic physicians in completing more than 200 million standard electronic medical records; cumulatively, over 530 million advisory sessions for primary physicians, and the standard rate of electronic writing up to more than 90 per cent overall, with more than 1.1 million cases diagnosed with systematic alerts, which are unreasonable
In addition, the system continues to expand its use of the emergency situation, such as the proper pre-meditation of medicines, the Chinese medical aid clinic, etc. 1 million+ per day in 2021, an increase of 100%, which is 120 times more efficient than the original manual channel, which will be used by the general medical service.
Life is freed from repetitive work to do more creative, strategic diagnostics, scientific research and, in words, to screen patients with co-heat symptoms and epidemiologicalally positive images, greatly reducing the workload of manual screening.
3.3.3 The need for health care has increased with the provision of telemedicine by health assistants and the overall management of the risk of chronic diseases among the population. The ageing of the population in the country is increasing, and by the end of 2021 there were 267 million elderly persons aged 60 years and over, representing 18.90 per cent of the population.
The State Council has ruled that by 2030, the number of people aged 60 and over will rise to 25%. The risk of illness among the elderly is even greater. According to the China Survey of Slow Diseases and Diseases of the Senior Population Group, 76.4% of the elderly aged aged 60 and over suffer from at least one form of slow disease, and over 30% of the elderly aged over 60 years suffer from two or more slow diseases.
The population has grown in size, the patient population has expanded, the risk of disease among the population has increased, the population's health needs for health care have increased, creating a need for health maintenance and well-being. According to the Opinion on Healthy China Action, in 2012 the population's level of well-being was only 8.8%, with low water levels.
Ping, by 2020, 23.2% of the population was healthy, exceeding the target of 2022. The rise in the population’s health and well-being has led the population to pay more attention to health maintenance and well-being.
Question. With the H.E.A. Assistant Sphygmomanometer, which is equipped by the flight doctor to manage hypertension and slowness, the patient, after measuring the blood pressure at home, will be informed by a family doctor outside the dry-in and, after discovering abnormal blood pressure, will intervene in a timely and targeted manner in the patient ' s drug use, dietary well-being, etc., and the system will be able to provide transmission.
In response to the contradiction between the rapidly growing medical needs of our residents and the scarcity of quality medical resources at the grass-roots level, companies continue to explore the power of artificial intelligence technology at the grass-roots level.
In 2022, the company received $467 million, an increase of 38.36 per cent, or 2.48 per cent, in health care.
The top-down replication is being extended to national scale. 3.4-D systems are building a positive-closed ring for consumer operations.a The efficiency of a product is based on a know-how that is continuously updated for the industry.
Toc operations are based on the properties of large-volume users and have a “wider and scattered” demand for products, which is based on a large base that makes the demand for products “complex” and “mixed” parallel. Companies start with their own self-leading core technology, leaving behind hardware and software products.
The roll-out, combined with a well-developed long-term marketing channel to build back demand data, has continued to evolve into a virtuous circle of “technology-product-up”, leading to a strong market share and industry position for multiple products, with a large number of user groups with a high degree of loyalty, reflecting a rising competitive advantage and market share.
The company has the leading international source technology, and the key core technologies of artificial intelligence remain the international leader, especially smart voice technology, which alone dominates the country's first echelons, and is expected to flourish in the consumer market.
In the field of artificial intelligence, a total of five international standards and international standard technical reporting projects were led and participated for many years, of which smart voice technology was the most powerful. The company hosted the first global smart voice interactive Iso/iec international standard project, which became the first Chinese-led smart voice interactive international logo in the field of human machine interaction.
The company's smart voice technology covers speech recognition, speech synthesis, texture recognition, language recognition, etc. The combination of power and ability to grow is far more than a competitor. According to idc, the country's smart voice market is the top 60% market share, forming a full-link road product research system from research to products.
Mainstream smart voice software and hardware products. Mainly based on the path to ownership of technological innovation, the core of smart voice and artificial intelligence are developed entirely autonomously and have autonomous intellectual property rights. After being included in the list of entities, the non-American supply chain systems dominated by national production supply chains have been quickly switched to a stable operation, technology and technology.
The product is expected to emerge in the tide of national substitution. Science and Technology has in recent years won a great deal of international authority in key areas of artificial intelligence core technology, including dozens of champions of international artificial intelligence competitions, in addition to smart voice, in machine translation, natural language.
Internationally authoritative assessments of understanding, image recognition and understanding, knowledge mapping, machine reasoning, etc. are at the forefront of the international community, and the global influence of science majors in the area of artificial intelligence continues to rise. Companies continue to achieve innovative results in depth, learning algorithms, and framework and platform support for national production, gpu, and hardware is well established.
Based on smart voice technology, the company accurately captures market rigidity and user pains, and constructs a full-scale system of products for the office, covering all categories of people in 2b and 2c. For large clients of the enterprise, the company provides a system of telephonic machines and conference products with prices above $10,000; for ordinary consumers, the company provides a price of around $1,000.
The company’s products are quickly processed into easily stored, searchable text-based data, compatible recordings, transliterations, etc. by using raw non-structured data such as sound, graphics, etc. generated in the course of day-to-day operations.
Translation, output, storage, etc., will address the need for slow manual processing and low accuracy of user pain points. For example, in 2022, the smart meetings system was launched at two national meetings, and the smart meetings system fully covered all meetings of the National People's Congress and the National Political Consultative Association, and was significantly upgraded.
The efficiency of the presentation was highly recognized throughout the country as a means of accelerating digital growth. During the Beijing Winter Olympics and the Winterly Paralympics, the alert heard the deployment of more than 1,000 cross-border communication services in 50 conference rooms within the Olympic Committee.
For bilingual captioning and meeting stenography, meeting rigidities for record-writing, real-time translation, and long-term management have become important support tools for online and off-line meetings.
In the area of consumption, companies provide standardized products, both online power suppliers and sub-line real shops, and establish a network of marketing channels and services covering the country. In 2022, the teleport consumer business was organized around ai+office, ai+live, deep-seated user needs, continuous experience of use, continuous capacity-building for marketing channels,
The co-development of software and hardware, together with hardware and software products such as smart office books, audio pens, translators, software products such as teleports, televised apps, virtual people, etc., provides consumers with a wide range of hardware and software products and services needed for daily working life, and uses one to make work more efficient and easier.
During the reporting period, consumer-type hardware received more consumer approval and favor, and product appreciation and user satisfaction increased; direct-line shops were opened to 45, covering 15 cities across the country, steadily building up a full-channel retail network with user-centred connections.
Figure 49: Corporations build new business cooperation models which rely on products that are needed for core technology development and development, and which are sold through long-term channels, prompting companies to continue to innovate in areas where they spend more money and lead similar products in the market. During the period of 618 in 2022, overall intelligence was hard.
During the same period, overall sales of smart hardware increased by 32 per cent, and two major launches were made of smart recorders, smart office scripts, teletranslators, smart mouse four, and products won three consecutive years of sales in Kyoto and Skycat.
The company relies on a wealth of ai capabilities and hardware and hardware products to build multi-million user-class fly powder homes, forming large groups of faithful users. In 2021, the user base of the company's c-user had a monthly life of over 150 million, the c-end hardware was more than 3 million, and the family had increased the connection between the user and the company and increased the interaction between the user and the company.
Making company and product information available to users in a timely manner can also increase the number of users. In 2021, more than 12 million people were on the 1024 developers’ network, under outbreak control, and more than 10,000 people were visited on the first day of the event, still reaching 4,000 the next day, with a huge user enthusiasm that is unique to the company.
At the same time, companies are continuously updating their products and services on the basis of advice from users on products and services, creating a virtuous cycle of product upgrading and user expansion that is mutually reinforcing. The product systems that serve priority customers help consumers’ operations to benefit from tighter data security regulations.
The frequency of data security incidents has led to a rapid increase in the Government ' s focus on data security and personal information protection. In September 2021, our first specific data security legislation, the Data Security Act, was officially introduced, in November, the Regulations on Cyberdata Security Management were deposited as a companion rule, and the Personal Information Protection Act was enacted in November.
The company's ai-related operations are located in a priority production area for data security, across applications such as education, transportation, medical care, etc., and involve large amounts of user data. Currently, the company's g end camp receives between 55% and 60% of the total number of government clients at end g, whose data are extremely sensitive and in data security.
As a result, companies insist on rigorous data management throughout their life cycle, and have a natural advantage in developing end-of-business with regard to user data management, effectively safeguarding user privacy. The company’s consumer industry is expected to use the advantage of data security management to further expand its market share in the context of data security compliance.
The high share of consumer business is strategic for corporate development as a whole. Companies insist on ownership, develop core artificial intelligence technologies and maintain international leadership, continuously grind national production supply chains, target markets precisely, quickly update their demand and user pains, improve marketing channels and service ecology, and expand loyalty.
The number of active user groups, with consumer resilience as a result of the epidemic. In 2022, open platforms and fee collectors received $4.64 billion, a 1 per cent reduction from the previous year. In the future, companies will focus more on consumer business, and their contribution to overall revenue is expected to increase further.
3.5 City of Wisdom: A new model for the bottom of ai's "industry brain" data is introduced to ai+ expert wisdom plus multi-dimensional data in three-dimensional depths, moving away from traditional integrated business. City of Wisdom's multi-level construction system is often less than expected, with pains such as uncontrolled construction cycles, and companies rely on it.
The “ai+Data Bottom” project, which builds a new smart city, offers a corresponding customized programme for thousands of people, builds a system that combines the “urban mind” with the industry's mind application and allows for a continuous and in-depth excavation of the industry, and will benefit fully from a new model of complementarity between the ai and the data in the future.
3.5.1 Multilayered intelligent urban systems Smart cities are closely related to the whole process of urban functioning, involving urban production, life, governance, word-and-word government, intelligent government, smart parks, intelligent architecture, etc., with companies from different angles and depths.
Farming in all walks of life, providing effective and intelligent urban solutions. 1) Digital government: client-centred, based on data sharing, oriented towards businesses and people, capable of intelligence processing, smart question-and-answer, smart approval, smart handling, smart testing, smart searching, etc.
To reduce the complexity of business and people's work. For the third year in a row, the bronze mausoleum has been called the Smart City of China, leading China, and has been selected for decision-making, “Ten cases of innovation in governance in the long triangle 2020”, and the Global Standards Study of the Urban Brain (wwns-r), launched by the Global Standards Study of the Urban Brain, is only six typical of the world.
i. Talk about the city's brain, which aims to create a city that is “sense, think, grow, and have a temperature”, which helps it in five main areas: fine urban governance, public safety, industrial empowerment, human services, decision-making command.ii) Smart Parks: based on the core of artificial intelligence, companies unite the best ecological partners in various industries to be parks.
It provides life-cycle digitalization, a space-wide landscape intelligence, and client-specific solutions. It has energy-saving, parking guides, remote support, one-clicking, property inspection, catering, apparel, figure 54: digital government operations
3. Public security operations: the public safety and public security 3D system at the end of Yun + focuses on public security, comprehensive management, and social governance. Operations are oriented and customized to create various types of smart applications for social security and control, providing data access, data processing, data organization, data services, data governance, and other data services.
The communications system has entered into normal use in Beijing, Shanghai, Hoyoshi, Xinjiang and Henan; in the direction of anti-fraud, entry and exit, the smart voice navigation/exterior call system has been applied in Zhejiang, Anhui, Henan, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangsu, Shandong and Inner Mongolia.
4) Judicial operations: ai+justice strengthens the depth of big data and algorithms in the course of law enforcement cases, cutting through pre-case prevention, case analysis, post-trial processes, full area data integration, full-range intelligence support, and full-process intelligence applications.
In 2022, the country had access to 466 sub-platforms covering 26 provincial and urban areas, with a cumulative coverage of more than 1,800 law-enforcement units.
High judicial effectiveness. 3.5.2 “ai+data base”, which builds the “ai+data bottom platform” for sustainable evolution of people reaching end users, creates the core advantage of artificial intelligence based on data-driven power.
As intelligent cities are built, companies build cities, power digital bases and smart hubs, forming the operating model of the "ai+data base" instead of simple system integration. The core logic is that the bottom of the logic is that the data is driven by the i, enabling people to reach the end user, and in the process of continuous operation, the data
Refluxing, feedback, learning from bottom-level data through artificial intelligence, creating a virtuous closed-ring feedback mechanism, and a data+ai double-drivers.
Project “Integration data base platform” . 550 million won in the Ministry of Emblems “Integration data base platform”
It is the digital base of the new generation, a key basic service platform for digital China, representing the way forward for the digital transformation of government. The “Integrated Data Base” has been able to change the environment by pooling digital capital across the province, rapidly producing digital scene applications, providing efficient and clean data, and unifying reliable cloud environments at the bottom.
In the past, the model of decentralized cloud platforms, data hubs, and capability hubs supported digital development in the form of “integrated” one-stop shops. After full construction in 2024, government data were provided 100% of the quality, demand met 80%, public component reuse 95%, and the single application development cycle could be reduced by 80%.
With 50 per cent savings in construction costs for individual projects, it is expected that the same size of funding will support the number of additional scenario applications per year.
Smart TV is playing an increasingly critical role as an important portal to the economy of the living room. Television, as one of the catchers of the living room economy, has a natural potential role to be “highly interactive.”
Television penetration and usage are the main reasons for the “break-up” of the product and the market. Smart television, because of its network function, is essentially an important interface with the outside world. According to China's Internet Information Centre, we have over 1 billion Internet users, while, according to China's big screen game, we have ecological damage.
The new summit reported that we have more than 260 million smart televisions, with 59% penetration, well above the global average of 32% penetration. With a big base and a high penetration rate, smart television, as a home power tool for high-frequency use, did not contribute to the use of the match. According to Cool Cloud data, smart television was launched in 2019.
The frequency is 51%, operating 348 minutes, using far more than traditional television, and using more often than not mobile interconnectivity. User use is particularly sticky during holiday days. Smart TV is becoming more comfortable in its use, making it the most important home entertainment end.
Figure 59: China's average daily opening rate on smart television in January-November 2019. Synchronization of perception and interaction is the “best way to increase the frequency of use of smart television.
The helper's intervention is a "precision weapon" that widens the field of operations and daily activity. Smart TV's assistive tool is in the form of camera, fingerprint and face recognition, remote control, voice input, projection screens, etc.
In 2020, the remote control activated more than 60 million users, leading to more than 100 million interactive breakthroughs and more than 6 million live users. The company focused on voice recognition technology, the integration of multiple features of television and the precision of individualized needs.
The company targets the pains of the major operators and, through its own i-voice technology, the enablers continue to expand their operations: 1) the company controls smart homes through voice control, empowers traditional remote control technology, and reduces the frequency of operation of home power.
(b) Improvement in the speed of life and the realization of a vision of intelligent goods and services that connect billions of families, create a global picture, and build digital life together. (b) Health services based on television screens for the detection of heart rates and blood pressure measurements among the elderly, combined with sound thinking.
(c) Family education under the two-pronged policy, with a process-based assessment of education instead of results.
In response to the call of the national “two-way-down” policy to move teaching materials to the big screen, to create and provide immersed learning loops for 3.7 smart cars is one of the most important terminals of the alot era, as it limits the scope of interaction in space, limits the way in which hands interact, and complex anti-noise centers.
The very high ai technology threshold is needed to become an important aiot market for companies. And the biggest dividend to enter aiot generation is the demand for companies to be different from the mobile Internet age: 1, a combination of hardware and software, or a cloud-end-core full-scale layout in order for terminals and operations to cover different types of debris scenarios; and 2, enterprise architecture.
Business capabilities need to adapt to cross-industry debris scenes;3 technology platforms are available for efficient reuse, enabling debris scenes to generate a positive cycle of data feedback. The company certainly meets the three requirements, and the auto scenes require a very high-level technical door because of their restricted space, restricted interaction requirements, and complex noise resistance.
The company started in 2011 with the production of the first generation of smart voice-car products.
In 2022, the company ' s smart car business added more than 7.1 million preloads, accumulated more than 46.1 million shipments, with annual interactions exceeding 3.04 billion, with an average monthly user of 14.88 million. During the reporting period, the company obtained industrial and market results in technology and applications in the area of smart cars.
It was widely recognized that the list of motorists selected by the Satisfi media was “Avanced Enterprises”, “Best Products”; the “New Results of China's Smart Nets in 2022”, selected by China Motors Institute Inc.; and the “2022 China's New Supply Chain 100” and the “Swiss Convergence” of smart pods, awarded by the Gaeth Motors.
According to the company's core technology:
Text synthesis, recognition, cognitive intelligence, etc., can clearly divide the vehicle into three generations, which are still in the late second generation and the beginning of the third generation: the first generation is dominated by a basic voice control function that recognizes the interactive state with command words.
The company completed full product line support in 2014: the second generation began to shift to multi-dimensional interactive content-oriented searches in 2017, thereby identifying the context for multiple rounds of interactive recognition, and moving into the sound field to simulate the effects of the sound field through software enhancements.
And the third generation, after two generations of development, will have to interact with voice from a multi-model, multi-regional, multi-passenger perspective, while reaching a high-level sense of experience through high-speak and independent hearing compartments.
Figure 61: The core of artificial intelligence technology continues to be the world's leading 3.7.2 car-mounted sound-- a new puzzle to complete the whole car's intelligence
The ultimate form of car intelligence is a full-scale, flat-model intelligent interaction. The smart screens and autopilots, along with related technologies such as autopilots and autopilots, are now available.
The company's “flying fish sound,” published on November 18, aims to open up a smart front for the fittings. Through its own technology platform + track model, the company forms the technological advantage and accumulation of the entire industrial chain in the car smart module, ultimately empowering the fishy audio management system to ensure that the music element is separated to achieve intelligent acoustic effects.
The firm’s business in the automotive sector is steadily rising, with a combined revenue of $465 million in 2022, an increase of 3.37 per cent, and a Māori rate of 66.10 per cent, depending on the company’s deep cultivation of voice and combined vehicle operating systems. In 2021, the company was able to maintain a high rate of growth despite a double setback in global vehicle sales and output.
Through technological breakthroughs such as multi-mode voice enhancement, multi-mode integration and interaction, audio is implemented in-car and in-car settings, multiple experiential functions are achieved and the overall vehicle area layout is further refined.
Soft and hardware achieves a two-wheel drive to map the sound of the King's throne. Traditional car-borne audio systems are not developed in line with the need for intelligence. There are three main problems: 1) due to the small amount of space in the vehicle, it is not enough to create a sound mix, leading to a sound comparison; 2) due to the limitations of the internal structure of the vehicle, the sound in the vehicle is raised.
The installation of the device does not achieve optimal solutions, the sound field is messy; 3) the relative position of the speaker in the car and the passenger is not optimally matched. And the flying fish system, which addresses the three pains, has seven major functions through advanced hardware and software configuration: sound space, virtual live sound, brand sound, exclusive audio, noise reduction in the car, chat optimization, sound.
Learning space. Meets the increasingly sophisticated hearing needs of users through three combinations of audio systems, sound modem capabilities, and algorithmic capabilities.
The platform uses high-performance dsp processors, compared to the traditional fixed-point dsp processor, high-performance dsp processors with 1ghz high-speed audio processing accelerator, 128 channel digital audio processing capabilities and high-resolution audio with up to 24bit, 96khz, and more so a fixed dsp site that allows them to perform well beyond the mainstream industry.
At the software algorithm level, flying fish intelligent audio management systems rely on autosar structures and company-specific sound.