Telecommunications Group Communications steady-up of communications operations, network intelligence accelerated growth 30 years after the establishment of the company, and since 2018, the company has deepened its mixed ownership system.
In 2023, the net return profit was $8,173 million, yoy+12%. The profit side maintained double-digit growth, with high dividends and dividends as important points of view for companies: macro exposure.
The corporate net profit growth rate is generally ahead of the industry. In 2022 and 2023, the only operator able to maintain a double-digit increase in profits. At the same time, the company values shareholder returns, 2023.
The number of mobile users of companies has risen steadily in recent years, reaching 340 million by 2024 (h1), a net increase of over 6 million households and a net increase of up to the same period in the last five years. With regard to the arpu value, since 2020, it has benefited from a return to the growth track.
In terms of arpu values, the industry has moved from competition to competition since 2020, and the company ' s broadband arpu has shrunk significantly, and growth has resumed in 2022 h1 and 2023 h1.
In 2023, the company identified the six main sections of Nucleus, Data Centre, Digital Integration, Data Services, Digital Use, Cybersecurity as the six cores of Nucleus Ideas, and indicated at the 2023 performance release that the focus of investment would be on a solid foundation.
By the end of 2023, net cash flow per share of the net operating cash flow had reached $75.2 billion in income from the network ' s smart business, and the share of income from the main business had increased.
Roe (belonging to parent company) 24.3 per cent, netting smart business becomes the company ' s new bright spot and point of view.
In 2024-2026, we expect large corporate revenues to be released, traditional communications to be less developed than expected, computer intelligence to be less developed than expected, policy changes, and higher risk of fixed asset investment.
Scavenging for more services, scavenging for more services, a high score of red is important, and profit-side acceleration leads.
1.1. The thirtieth anniversary of China Connect, which continues to lead innovation, was established in 1994. Its development history is a microcosm of China’s communications sector reform and innovation.
New to “right” innovation, followed by deeper implementation of “mixed” reform innovations, has been the most visible thread. 1) Initial phase of establishment (1994-2000): On 19 July 1994, the General Conference of China United was held in Beijing, covering basic telecommunications operations such as city talk, long talk, wireless communications, mobile communications and the value-added of telecommunications.
Based on the gsm-style 2g network, China’s mobile network has accelerated into the digital age with a simulation system. Between 1991 and 2000, China Connect built more than 40 trunk-line fibre-optic cables, forming a “eight-and-eight” backbone cable network, covering more than 60 network nodes, covering all provincial capitals and most of the local municipalities of the country.
2) Rapid development stage (2001-2010): June 21, 22, 2000, China Connect was listed on the New York Stock Exchange in the United States of America and the Hong Kong Joint Exchange: October 9, 2002, China ' s Connecta Unit was successfully listed in Shanghai. In 2009, China ' s commercial wcdma-style 3g network opened the screen of the mobile Internet era at 3g.
The first All-Light Network was inaugurated in Shandong, a commercial 4g network based on the ltefdd system in 2015, a one-year ahead of the end of 2016 in 10 provinces (districts, municipalities) in the North, and a gigabyte in 2017.
Broadband pilots, with a huge leap in network bandwidth. In 2017, China Connect, as the first pilot company for China’s business mix, brought in a number of strategic investors, including Tsing, Ali, Bido, and Kyundong, to implement mixed ownership reforms and inject new dynamism into the development of the public administration.
4) Innovative pilot phase (2019-to date): 2019 China Connected Commercially 5g network based on nr, and worked with China ' s telecommunications pioneering 5g network to build the first, largest and fastest 5gsa shared network in the world in the shortest possible time. To date, the two sides have built over 1.3 million stations with a 5g base station in China and 5g in China.
Household penetration is over 80%. In recent years, innovative efforts have been stepped up in front-line areas, accelerating the deployment of strategic emerging and unincorporated industries, and engaging actively in the next generation of key core technologies, such as the Internet, the new generation of mobile communications, cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, and networking of goods.
Figure 1: Continuous innovation in 30 years of existence, 19 July 1994, China Connect, 2000, China Connect, New York and New York
2014: Full promotion of fixed network, Commercial 5g network, 2019, and foundation of operations, established in Beijing
China Telecom established a 5g shared network. 2015, the first Full Light Network, 2009, commercial wcdma
In 1995, when the 2g 3g network was launched with the gsm, the mobile Internet was opened, it was not built in Shandong, it was commercial.
Networks to promote mobile networks towards digital fdd-style 4g networks.
In 2017, a mega-broadband pilot was launched, and a mixed ownership reform was introduced.
Benefiting from the growth brought about by 3g operations, corporate operating income grew at around 20% in 2011-2013, with net profit bearing, complexity and industry income slowing down, but resource efficiency increased significantly, profitability improved and net profits increased faster.
Corporate performance has declined as a result of effects such as the period until the next month, changes in business, increased competition, and loss of exchange. In 2017, the company’s business has seen a historic turning point for “quantitative, qualitative” homogeneity, achieving, for the first time, a sharp decline in costs, a rapid increase in income, profits and laying the foundation for the company’s future virtuous development.
In recent years, net profit gains from maternity have been maintained in double digits.
Since 2015, as a result of the introduction of a “speed-down” policy, there has been a certain decline in the overall Māori rate and net interest rate levels of the company. But with the change in the Māori system and the upgrading of the product system, the downward trend in Māori net interest rates has been achieved in 2017.
At the same time, companies have been developing a second-growth curve, leading to a recovery in profitability. Since 2018, they have benefited from an increase in corporate business size, and corporate sales and management costs as a whole have shown a downward trend. By 2020, the costs of related services have increased as a result of the rapid growth of ict operations and increased investment in technology support for innovative business.
In recent years, R & D costs have been rising as a result of companies’ massive expansion of high-tech barriers to industry’s Internet/Arithmetic industries. Companies have been more aggressive and have increased their cash flows, even in the period 2015-2016, as a result of falling performance.
Nets are still around $80 billion. Cash flows are increasing at the same rate as net profits. Yearly operating levels in 2023. High dividends are important for companies.
1.3 The profit end is growing faster than mobile and telecommunications, and the value of broadband operations is ahead of China ' s telecommunications. Overall, since 2021, the growth momentum in individual markets has been relatively weakened by macro-environmental impacts, and the performance of the three major operators has slowed.
In the first three quarters of 2019-2024, corporate net profits increased more than China ' s mobile and Chinese telecommunications. Figure 10: Growth in corporate net profits is positive (in billions of yuan)
Figure 11: Net corporate return profits are increasing faster than comparable (in %) Māori rates, which remain at about 25-30% for the three major operators. Since scale effects are lower than China’s move, Māori rates are slightly lower than for the two comparable companies.
In the previous three quarters, China Telecom/China Mobile/China Connect Māori rates had risen, with China moving at the top of the three largest operators, with the number of mobile users and the number of broadband users ahead of the number of Chinese telecommunications and Chinese connectivity.
In 2023, the three major operators had a mobile arpu value of 44-50. In 2018-2021, the China-connected broadband business arpu was ahead of China ' s telecommunications and was less mobile than China. In late 2022 and late 2023, the Chinese-connected unpainted broadband business arpu value of 22h1 and 23h1, respectively, was $44.4 and $44.8.
Figure 13: Number of mobile users by three operators (in millions of households) Figure 15: Number of broadband users by three operators (in millions)
Figure 16: Connected broadband operations have an arpu value ahead of China (in terms of capital expenditure, the trend in capital spending is largely consistent among the three major operators, with the 2015-2018 cut-off period, 2019 - this reduction will effectively reduce cost and cost-side pressures and generate profit-end growth for companies.
In recent years, we have actively promoted the construction of cyber-Powers and digital China, promoting the deep integration of the digital economy with the real economy, smooth operation of telecommunications operations, increasing availability of network infrastructure, such as 5g and gigawatts of light networks, overall acceleration of the spread of applications, and telecommunications.
According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, the cumulative income from telecommunications in 2023 was 1.68 trillion yuan, the growth of telecommunications in 2023 was marked by significant efficiency gains, the consolidation of new business support, the digital transformation of industry expansion, and the effectiveness of the business structure, which was driven by new and emerging operations such as mobile Internet, fixed broadband access, cloud computing, etc.
Characteristics. According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, in 2023, income from fixed Internet broadband access was $262.6 billion, or 1.2 percentage points from the previous year; income from mobile data flow operations was $63.6 billion, or 0.9 per cent from the previous year; the share of income from telecommunications services fell from 40.5 per cent to 37.8 per cent from the previous year; and new and emerging operations such as data centres, cloud computing, big data, and the Internet.
2.2. Network infrastructure development has been effective and capital expenditure is moving down the line
Blocks, where network construction and second curve operations account for a larger share of the cost. In network building, 5g investments are focused, followed by broadband networks (including fttr); and in second curve operations, servers are high-cost, especially the arithmetic server.
From 2013 to 2018, the construction cycle was 4g, and from 2019 to 2023 it was 5g. In 2024, the country’s operating capital expenditure was in the next stage, mainly because of the fact that its 5g network was almost complete and 6g was still under construction.
According to the operator announcement, total capital expenditure by the three major operators fell by 10.3% in the first half of 2024, with China moving 64 billion yuan, China telecommunications 47.2 billion yuan and China connecting 23.9 billion yuan, respectively, down 21%, 13.5%, and 13.4%, respectively, respectively.
The year saw the creation of the world's largest 5g independent network network and the active implementation of the “East and West Count” strategy, with a net increase of 265,000 by the end of the year. Of this total, 5g base stations amounted to 3,917,000, a net increase of 540,000, or 33 per cent, of the total number of mobile base stations, an increase of 2.4 percentage points over the quarter.
At the Congress, the head of the Department of Industry and Informatics revealed that our total of 5g base stations is 60% of the world's total. The World Mobile Communications Congress hosts, the Global Association of Mobile Communications Systems (gsma), report 2024 on China's mobile economic development predicts that, by the end of this year, China's 5g connection will have reached the 1 billion mark and become the world's largest mobile communications market.
By 2030, China’s 5g connection will be nearly one-third of the world’s total. By the end of 2023, the construction of the 5g base station had been largely completed, the construction period was over, and since 2024 it is expected that the operator’s capital expenditure related to the construction of 5g will be on a downward cycle, and that the number of new 5g base stations will be on a downward path.
According to the Business Bulletin, the combined capital expenditure of the three major operators is expected to be about $3340 in 2024, a decrease of 5.41 per cent in the same year. According to Mr. Wang Jianzuan, former chairman of China’s mobile board, the 6g network is expected to be commercial in 2030. Investments are generally two to three years ahead, so I will continue to promote the deep integration of 5g with the new generation of information technology, especially artificial intelligence.
The Chief Engineer, Zhao Chi Guo, stressed that China would provide a lightly quantified 5g system layout, 5g-a technology research, standard development, and product development, and would accelerate commercial deployment. Meanwhile, China would further develop 6g key technologies, laying a solid foundation for future 6g standard-setting and industrial development.
Figure 23: Number of our base stations 2018-2024h1 (in thousands)
The project proposes to accelerate the construction of new infrastructure and the upgrading of the gigabyte fibre optic network; the plan for the construction of a digital China as a whole clearly states that the construction of the digital China base will be strengthened, the digital infrastructure artery will be opened, and the 5g network will be accelerated in conjunction with the gigagram network.
At present, the construction and deployment of the country’s gigabyte network has entered a fast-growing phase. According to a high-level forum on the development of the information and communication industry in China, 2024, the country has established the largest global network, with users and users at the top of the world’s list.
The deployment of the two gigabytes has steadily advanced, with 207 cities in the country building a gigabyte. By the end of 2023, the total number of fixed Internet broadband access subscribers in three basic telecommunications enterprises had reached 636 million, a net increase of 46.6 million households over the year. Of these, 100 mbps and above had access rates of 601 million households, representing a net increase of 4,756 million households, or 94.5 per cent of the total number of users, for a comparative period of the year.
Ten thousand households, 25.7 per cent of the total number of users, an increase of 10.1 percentage points compared with the end of the previous year. By the end of 2023, the total number of rural broadband users in the country had reached 192 million, a net increase of 15,570,000 households over the year, an increase of 8.8 per cent over the previous year, an increase of 1.3 percentage points higher than that of urban broadband users.
Coverage: 190 million households, 29 per cent of fixed broadband users, nearly 70 per cent worldwide, over 20,000 cases of typical applications and 87 major categories of the radiation national economy. Currently, the country’s gigabyte network has reached a certain scale and will continue to deepen its deployment and expand its network in the future.
As a result, the operator’s capital spending on broadband network construction is expected to move in contrast to that on the 5g network, but the growth is expected to continue at a slower pace in the coming years. Digital product supply optimization drives data flow consumption.
According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, mobile Internet access flows reached 301.5 billion gb in 2023, an increase of 15.2 per cent over the previous year, of which 5g mobile Internet access accounted for 47 per cent; fixed broadband access flows grew by 10.6 per cent over the previous year.
By the end of 2023, mobile Internet users had reached 1,517 million households, a net increase of 63.16 million households over the year. Monthly mobile Internet traffic (dou) reached 16.85gb/house/month, an increase of 10.9 per cent over the previous year, and 5g applications were integrated into 97 national economies.
71 of the broad categories, with the industrial Internet covering all 41 industrial broad categories. 5g all-connected plants are on the move to expand the application of 5g from peripheral aids to core production controls, and the trend towards digital integration is further accelerated. Digital products, as an important added value of the operator’s traditional business, generate more revenue in the operator’s business than in the case of traditional individuals.
The growth in income from household business is an important engine of growth for the traditional business of the operator. As data flow consumption continues to leap, and the development of related products by the operator continues to increase, we expect that in the future the operator’s capital expenditure in this area will be three clouds and a rapid growth in the digital economy, with the operator’s role highlighted.
3.1.1.2023 The size of our cloud computing market in 2023 amounted to $61.65 billion, and wisdom became an important point of view in the business of the operator cloud. Over the past 10 years, with policy guidance and the joint efforts of industry, our cloud computing development has moved from a conceptual phase to a new, dynamic, widespread and prosperous phase, with positive developments. Policy support at the national level has increased in recent years.
In October 2023, the six departments, including the Ministry of Trade and Communications, issued an Action Plan for the Quality Development of the Arithmetic Infrastructure, which proposes “to promote the integration of numeracy resources in the form of cloud services, making full use of the flexible deployment advantages of cloud computing resources” and promoting multi-arimental connectivity.
In the Guidelines for the Construction of Integrated Standardized Systems for Cloud Computation, it is clear that priority is given to the development of key standards for innovative cloud computing products, new services to use, and critical missing areas. In 2024, the government’s work report noted that it is important to support new technological infrastructure that is represented by cloud computing, among other things, by leveraging government investment.
According to data from the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology, in 2023, our cloud computing market was 6165 billion yuan, an increase of 35.5 per cent over the same year, and remained more dynamic, and cloud technology innovation and corporate strategy adjustments from the birth of the ai were driving our cloud computing to a new round of growth. In 2027, our cloud computing market is expected to break out of $2.1 trillion.
The operator uses the former industry channels to expand the advantages of the laas layer and further upgrade its intellectual supply capacity. The sky cloud proposes a “five-one” system of intelligence-based cloud capabilities that strengthens ecology in terms of numeracy, modelling, data, applications, etc.
Cooperation: Mobile clouds drive the open cooperative ecology of cloud nets, cloud edges, cloud numbers, cloud twigs, cloud twirth dimensions; Connecting clouds continue to build an artificial intelligence infrastructure system, promoting the integration of cloud twilight and a comprehensive shift to the "ai+" path. According to the Chinese Information and Communications Institute, the three major operators have a combined market share of about 33.6% of Yunlaas, which is more powerful.
In the area of cloud operations, telecommunications operators have the unique advantage of cloud network integration. 1) Telecommunications operators have complete “net, cloud, edge, end, security” capabilities, and network resources are unique to operators that can provide country-wide coverage of wired, wireless networks that can meet the extension and expansion of clouds to the edges of the cloud, ensuring that “nets follow”
2) Telecommunications operators can also provide customers with flexible web bandwidth matching to ensure user demand for transmission rates. In cloud access, operators have a natural advantage in integrating almost all third-party clouds and providing them according to the needs of their customers.
However, third-party cloud companies tend to interact because of their competitive relationships, but there is a need to connect two or more cloud computing companies because of the general need for cloud backups for their clients. (3) Operators have cloud pool layouts in 31 provinces, cities and marginal nodes, which can achieve ultra-low time lags in cloud and margin calculations.
Services and super arithmetic sunk to meet industry's Internet requirements for data privacy, data security and real-time control. As such, we expect that future operators will continue to develop their cloud operations rapidly. 4) Telecommunications operators have a strong advantage in security credibility, one being large corporations that regulate data governance.
There is a relatively high degree of paradigmization; secondly, telecommunications operators operate a wide range of basic communication networks, which themselves require network security, information security, etc. Moreover, telecommunications operators can rely on their communications operations to provide clients with a range of safeguards and services such as ddos attacks, website security, domain name security, home security, privacy security of calls, call security alerts, etc.
Therefore, we anticipate that, in the light of the growing demand for client cloudnet synergies, the increased demand for cloudy backups, the increasing demand for low-time delays and the increasing importance attached to data security, future operators will maintain their current advantages and continue to develop rapidly
Three hundred and thirty-four local cities nationwide; four-star, five-star data centre: 200+; online registration, real-time top10 cloud 50+, both within and outside the country, with cloud network access portals and sdnization capabilities.
New functions such as self-help services, flex bandwidth, smart circuit selection; smart control, self-help opening; flex bandwidth, dynamic acceleration; on-line financing, supporting daily billing.
Using mpls technology, natural support for multi-point networks is easy to expand, China's backbone network is connected, and the cloud network uses the backbone network of the Connected Group as a host network, allowing enterprises to jump into the backbone network and ensure the quality and safety of the network at the commercial level.
Traditional generic cloud computing is accelerating with artificial intelligence, upgrading to intelligent clouds that can serve the development of artificial intelligence technology and applications, and promoting artificial intelligence.
According to operator announcement data, by the first half of 2024, China had a mobile universal computing capacity of 8.2 eflops and a smart computing capacity of 19.6 eflops. The "n+x" multi-level, full-cover computing capability layout was constantly improved, and the first 13 centres of intelligence nodes were launched in regions like Kyoutar; the world's first largest and most covered was built.
A vast 400g all-light backbone network, and a three-tier low-time delay service circle of 1-5-20ms: China’s first half-year smartness in telecommunications added 10 new eflops, which was larger than last year’s full-year addition (8.1 eflops) and cumulatively reached 21 eflops. Meanwhile, China’s telecommunications integrated intelligence service capacity has reached 39 computing partners.
22eflops, full-scale upgrade of the Sky Clouds product and ecological matrix, into a new phase of development of the Smart Cloud: China Connect has established the Shanghai Harbour, Shoe and Hao Litten Vanka Thinking Centre, which has a total of 10 eflops; there are more than 20 large-scale computing center campuses covering the full range of the “East and West” hub nodes.
3.2. In 2023, the country ' s digital economy market reached 53.9 trillion yuan in size, with operators providing infrastructure, cloud services, and, according to the Digital China Development Report issued by the National Data Agency, in 2023, the total national production of data was 32.85zb, an increase of 22.44% over the same period. By the end of 2023, the total national data storage was 1.73zb.
Data transactions are dominant, and the scale of data transactions within the field is growing rapidly. Data demand is greater and the volume of transactions is growing faster in areas such as finance, the Internet, communications, manufacturing. At the same time, the pace of market-based reforms in data elements is accelerating.
By the end of 2023, dozens of provincial and municipal public data offices had been set up throughout the country, and more than 20 provinces and cities had set up specialized data-trading agencies. The number of data-trading machines in Guangdong, Shandong, Jiangsu, Zhejiang is among the highest in the country.
Work. Fujian Grand Data Exchange trading platform initially connected to the provincial public data development service platform, synchronizing more than 400 data catalogues, more than 10,000 data items, and incubating over 50 public data products. According to China ' s Information and Communications Institute, our digital economy has entered an accelerated development cycle since its eighteenth year, starting in 2012.
The digital economy grew from $10 trillion to $30 trillion over a period of about six years, from $30 trillion to $50 trillion over a period of about four years, with accelerated growth.
The digital economy has moved into a new phase of technological and innovation-led development, with a steady expansion of the size of the word economy, which has grown by 3.7 trillion yuan to 53.9 trillion yuan over the previous year, with a relatively steady expansion of growth. The digital economy is characterized by higher technological levels, greater innovation, greater penetration and a wider range of radiation-driven activities.
The new paradigm of the digital economy has grown, and the overall digitalization, networking, and intelligent transformation of the economy has been important in increasing the capacity of science, technology and innovation, building a modern industrial system, and promoting high-quality economic development. According to the Chinese Institute of Information and Communications Technology, in 2023, the digital economy increased further in terms of its position in the national economy.
The digital economy, which accounts for 42.8% of gdp, rose by 1.3 percentage points from the previous year, is a key support and an important driver of the national economy. In 2023, the digital economy continued to support the goal of steady economic growth, with a nominal growth of 7% compared to the nominal growth rate of gdp over the same period, and the contribution of digital economic growth to the growth of gdp was 66.45%.
The operators play a vital role in the digital economy: 1) Infrastructure builders: telecommunication operators are responsible for building and maintaining communication networks, including 5g, broadband networks, etc.
Networks are the cornerstone of the digital economy and support the transmission and processing of data. 2) Cloud computing service providers: as the digital transformation of enterprises accelerates, demand for cloud services grows. Telecom operators support the upscaling of firms by providing cloud computing services, facilitating the efficiency of data storage, processing and analysis.
Developments in the digital economy. 3) Participants in the data element industry: Telecom operators have vast user data resources that, through big data analysis and applications, can provide accurate services and solutions to industries and promote industry digitization and intelligence.