Shen Jia, glass of glory (600660.0.sh/03606.hk)
H70455@capital.com.tw has been under pressure in the first half of the year, with high-value-added products as a share of the increase.
Corporate performance is expected to improve gradually. Industry’s bottom-up rate is expected to increase further. Companies are accelerating their collaboration in the development of smart glass products, which are expected to be affected by the global epidemic in the first half of the year, with company performance falling sharply in the second half of 2020 when companies release them.
This led to a marked decline in corporate operating income, but the overall performance was better than in industry. The net profits of the company grew faster than the growth in revenue, mainly because of a decrease in the sale of car glass, an increase in the depreciation amortization and a 1.9 percentage point decrease in the Māori rate.
The product portfolio, Euro26.17 million, increased the loss of q2 over q1 due to the spread of the overseas epidemic. Currently, the capacity utilization of the German aluminium apparel business has been restored to 80% of normal levels, with sales recovering and hard.
q4 is expected to achieve a balance of gains and losses by adjusting upgrades, personnel optimization and management. q4 Corporate cost rates increased slightly: the three cost rates of companies increased slightly by 1.6 percentage points, with institutional investors accounting for the share of liquiditya
The increase in the cost of sales by 0.81 percentage points over the same period is due mainly to a decrease in the size of the sale; an increase in the cost of administration by 2.52 percentage points over the same period and an increase in the cost of repairs and depreciation in the cost of administration by the same year; a decrease of 1.26 percentage points in the cost of finance by the same year, and a decrease in the cost of finance by interest
During the reporting period, companies continued to maintain a 4% R & D rate to ensure the company’s product’s leadership. High-value-added products increased, forward-looking smart products: companies’ high-value-added products increased their share.
The share of high-value-added products in 2020h1 has reached 30.5%, 2.5 percentage points higher than in the same period last year. The company now owns a range of high-value-added products, such as panoramic skylights, anti-violet glass, light glass, etc.
The company is now working with the Tokyo East to develop light-glass and window displays, and to integrate locational features with the Bei Doo-Tung window. By doing so, the company’s forward-looking intelligent products are expected to change in the industry.
The gain was 30.2 and 24.7 times higher for pe; the share was 18 and 15 times higher for pe, and a chinaresearchdept.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. were not made by individual clients. The report could not be copied or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believed that the information used to prepare the report was reliable, but the information in the report was not independently verified for audit.