Short-term pressure, expected improvement in the second half of the year.
The company’s q2 performance has increased significantly, owing to the overseas contagion, the Fysam consolidation period, and the US factory loss. The company’s total profits in the first half of the year had fallen year-on-year, and had been combined since then, with US factory profits of $121 million (compared to $147 million in the same period last year).
Exchange gains of $127 million (compared to $31 million in the same period last year) resulted in total corporate profits falling by 16.19 per cent in the first half of the year, respectively. According to the Federation, global car sales fell by 29 per cent in the first half of the year, Chinese automobile sales fell by 17 per cent in the same year, and corporate performance was generally robust.
The next half of the year is likely to improve with the return to work abroad and the convergence of the Fysam operations. The Māori round ratio rises, and the cost of the period needs to be improved.
Increases to 2.65 pct. In respect of costs during the period, the same increase in the company ' s q2 period due to a decline in operating income includes 6.95 pct sales, management, R & D, finance, continued optimization of the product structure, higher value-added products as a share of the same increase
The structure of the company ' s car glass product is expected to be optimized on a continuous basis, (1) the share of high-value-added products increased: first half of the year by 2.46 pct of products such as insulation, sound insulation, head-on display, modifiable, ultraviolet, water aversion, solar energy, packaging modularization, etc.; (2) enhanced integration capacity: acquired and acquired
(c) Strengthening research and development innovation: working with the Tokyo East on smart lighting glass, window display, etc., and working with Beidou Star in the field of integration of high-precision positioning and communication multi-model intelligent antennas with car glass.
qcgsdt-113 Downstream customers sell less than expected, industry policy change, exchange rate fluctuations, etc.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.