Business performance has continued to improve, and cloud operations have maintained high growth — quarterly reviews 2019 — and according to company reports in the first quarter of 2019, the growth in revenue from company-owned operations has been positive, reaching 1,252 million yuan.
16.6 per cent increase over the same period: net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies after deducting non-recurrent gains and losses was -55 million yuan, with a deficit reduction of 51.2 per cent; companies achieved gains and gains during the quarter and continued improvements in business efficiency.
Corporate cloud services (excluding financial cloud services) achieved revenue of 125 million yuan. Growth of 95.0 per cent over the same period. Rapid growth; by the end of the reporting period, the number of corporate clients in corporate cloud services was 4.77 million, of which 379.98 million paid clients, an increase of 5.0 per cent from the end of 2018 and the end of the first quarter of 2018.
Growth of 46.3 per cent, steady increases in the rate of renewal and unit prices of clients of large, small and medium-sized enterprises, and high growth in corporate cloud services show a strong demand for digital information downstream as a whole to dispel market-related concerns. > Cloud product layouts are improving and eco-business is expanding rapidly. >
The company's business brand has been upgraded from a “friendship cloud” to a “friend company cloud” service, and its smart industry Internet platform continues to be marketed through the opening of eco-friendly multi-temporal Paas+saas+baas+daas services for multi-purpose customers, accelerating the development of u8clud publicly owned cloud products for growth-oriented enterprises;
The Division has upgraded the strategic position and role of its ecological operations, publishing and placing on the market 52 items of eco-integrated products, the total number of ecological partners in the cloud market has reached 3,500, the total number of products and services has reached 5,500, and cloud computing is a central evolution of the industry, which is expected to continue to benefit in the future.
We maintain a “recommended rating” for a sustainable growth in scale by selecting a wind-related comparable company, 67/49 times the price for 19-20 years, as a cloud computing lead, and we maintain a “recommended rating”. 1. Friends Network (600588).
2. Affiliation network (600588), 2018 performance forecast.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to any third party's approval or influence.