The company reports a rapid growth in cloud operations and continued optimization of business efficiency.
Target period: 12 months Performance growth meets expectations, cloud operations continue to grow rapidly
With financial cloud services, the revenue is 125 million yuan, a 95 per cent increase in the same year, maintaining a high rate of growth; software operations, 846 million yuan, a 20.6 per cent increase in the same year; payments, 7,432 million yuan, a 230.1 per cent increase in the same year; and Internet finance, $197 million.
This represents a 29.7 per cent decrease as of the date of the 2019q1 cloud service client of 4.77 million, of which 2019q1 payers realized a net return profit of $8.221 million, mainly due to the value added of financial assets held by the company and non-recurrent losses of $137 million resulting from the sale of a portion of the equity in technology.
Rewards; net profit after deduction and deduction of equity incentives - $26.95 million, resulting in a loss of $16.53 million on the same basis; profit; sustained increase in R & D inputs and cost optimization; and increased efficiency of operations.
The company has continued to scale up the cloud transformation process by upgrading the use of Soyuz cloud to a friendly company cloud service, increasing the research and development of products such as 2019.03.24, medium-stage products, cloudp, etc., and launching of nc by 2019q1
The fast-track version of the clud 1903 is on the market, and nccloud uses the state-of-the-art hybrid cloud technology architecture to help large enterprises build a digital business innovation platform in 2018: 19 years of promise for nccloud
Review: Performance growth in line with expectations, cloudization accelerating the pace of transformation. Annual large-scale sales of nccloud, R & D costs of 2019q1 at $327 million, compared to growth. Operation, sales costs of 2019q1 companies at $244 million, compared with faster growth in revenue maintenance.
The company is a leader in the erp industry in the country, a product-based company with a scarce share of software services at the enterprise level.
In recent years, companies have been pushing for cloudization, the transformation of cloud services has fallen short of expectations, and the downside manufacturing landscape has influenced downstream client information spending. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Association of China, has produced this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.