Software + cloud revenue recovery, multiple cloud product R & D, 28/04/2019 will boost the growth of cloud operations.
Software + non-financial cloud revenues are returning to 27%, and cloud operations are still close to doubling. Software and non-financial cloud revenues together amount to 970 million yuan, a 27% increase over the same period, eliminating market concerns about the economy.
Doubts about the negative impact of corporate business growth (18 years q4 quarter of software and non-financial cloud revenues increased by only 5 per cent). By branch, software business collected $846 million, a 20.6 per cent increase compared to the previous year; non-financial cloud revenues received $125 million, a 95 per cent increase compared to the previous year, which remained close to doubling; and payment uniforms.
Revenues on services amounted to $74 million, an increase of 230.1% over the same period; Internet access to financing information services, guided by a sound approach to operating and controlling modest sizes, generated $197 million, which continues to be confirmed. Net operating cash flows of $618 million, compared to $501 million in the same period last year.
At $327 million, a 37.7 per cent increase over the same period, as of 2019 q1, corporate cloud services had grown by 5.0 per cent at the end of the year (46.3 per cent more than at the end of the first quarter of 2018), large, small and medium-sized enterprises (MSMEs) and enterprises (MSCs) were able to contribute to the acceleration of growth and the impact of the platform.
Enhancing research and development in the areas of artificial intelligence, mixed cloud formation, cloud master data, plus 1, and " Friends Network " (600588): Research and development of high-end products, forming a three-pronged medium of technology, data center and business center
The center-stage strategy has fallen, and the middle- and high-end new solution has accelerated the growth of cloud operations.
Implementation of state-of-the-art cloud-mixing technology architecture for cloud-mixing solutions for large enterprises to help large-scale business owners develop digital business innovation platforms, while enhancing the marketing of nccloud, which is already under way
2. Friends Network (600588); Company contracted eight users to lay the foundation for year-round large-scale sales of nccloud; u8clud, management into innovation, high-end product release
u8c publicly owned cloud products for growth-oriented enterprises are being developed at an accelerated pace, and u8clud is being promoted in the industry. At the ecological level, the company has upgraded its strategic position and role in ecological operations, which will contribute to accelerating growth in cloud operations.
The cloud market offers 52 items of cloud-based eco-integration products, including conglomerate services, commercial travel services, cloud services, small business versions of cloud-based eco-products and company-owned cloud services.
The number of eco-partners in the cloud market has reached 3,500, the total number of products and services has broken out, and growth has accelerated, with a large buy-back of 5,500 highlighting development and becoming the leading business application city in the country, with a more visible platform effect.
Confidence 2019-01-02 Business revenue is expected to reach $2.1 billion, market value of $42 billion according to 20 timesps, traditional software and value methods neglecting the synergies of operations under the corporate eco-strategy, and the lead should give
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board