On June 4th, the company announced the acquisition of 20% of the shares of the company's Friends Energy Company, and the transfer of the company's Friends Audit Company.
65.8 per cent of equity and initiating the establishment of a friendly pay benefit, and the trade is reasonably priced. (1) It is proposed to acquire 20 per cent of the net annual profits of Friends Energy Technology Ltd. (“Energy Corporation”) of 28.91 million ($170 million), which is eight times the value of the pe). (2) Transfer control
65.8 per cent of the 65.8 per cent of the net profits of the stock subsidiary, Beijing Friends Audit Software Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “audit companies”), 45.49 million net assets, representing a premium of about 9.9 per cent on net assets (3) initiated the establishment of the Friends Pay Foundation: the company and the enthusiasts were cash-funded separately.
Thirty-seven million yuan (75 per cent), $6.25 million (12.5 per cent) and $6.25 million (12.5 per cent). Transactions are essentially internal adjustments reflecting business optimization trends. (1) Related transactions are related transactions, essentially transfers between the original shareholders, and the parties are limited partnerships represented by management.
Enterprises, such as audit firms and the Managing Director of the Energy Corporation, are the executive partners of each of the two trading parties. (2) Affiliated Energy companies provide low-lying enterprises in the energy sector, such as electricity, with cloud sales, centralization, and Internet-based platforms for efficient, safe and easy maintenance of customer enterprise development;
Policies, such as general electricity grids, are expected to lead to a rapid increase in the degree of informationization of electricity enterprises, which is worth adding to the scale. (3) The creation of the Payforth Society is expected to contribute to the further improvement of business development by responding to the faster development of Saas+hr innovation.
Based on the market price charged on 4 June 2019, business needs are not as high as expected; costs are increasing too fast.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations Computer: Computer applications Yang Si-Wung