Home-grown growth in the re-stardry (600196) pharmaceutical biology offsets the negative impact of the country's declining pharmaceutical performance.
A summary of performance: the company achieved operating income of $5.72 billion in the first quarter of 2018, an increase of 47.4 per cent over the same period; a net profit of $710 million from the mother, a decrease of 4.3 per cent from the same year; a net profit of $530 million from the non-mortality of the mother, a strong gain from within the company, and a decline in the profits and non-recurring gains from the State ' s drug holdings, which affected the company ' s performance.
The growth in corporate performance during the first quarter of the year in new M&As has been largely influenced by the decline in the benefits and non-recurring gains and losses of national drug holdings. The share of national drug holdings in joint ventures is subject to industrial policies such as double-counting and drug-related ratios, network sinking, and retail pharmacies.
In addition to the impact of factors such as increased upfront input costs and higher market interest rates, which are expected to decline by about $179 million (-21.6 per cent) in business performance in the first quarter, companies achieved non-recurrent gains or losses of $179 million during the reporting period, which was higher than the same rate of growth in R & D inputs and improved product structure.
Billion dollars, an increase of 80 million dollars (+40.3%) over the same year. The company’s core innovative drug company, the Ritusha single anti-injection fluid (for non-Hoochkin lymphoma treatment) was reported on the market in 2017 and is expected to be approved before the end of 2018 to achieve a breakthrough in the national production of a single antibiotic equivalent.
In 2016, Litov had achieved sales in China of about 1.5 billion yuan, a heavy-pound variety. With the clinical iii phase of the monodrome resistance, the aldam resistance, and the beluga resistance, the antivegfr2 and anti-egfr resistance, and the antipd-1 resistance, the company was built into a very deep clinical phase.
At the same time, chemicals such as sulfuric acid sulfonic tablets, acetic platinum, Afabone ol, achimoxin, etc. are in the first echelons of domestic consistency evaluation, and these products are marketable and are expected to contribute significantly to the market.
Profit predictions and ratings. As a result of the decline in the performance of the joint venture, we lowered the company's performance in 2018, recommenced medicine (600196): R & D inputs are growing at a high rate and are expected to contribute to higher corporate valuations and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Intensity R & D promotes product innovation (2017-08-30) 4. Anti-Starry Medicine (600196): sisram has not developed, has not received, nor will it receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.