Resurveillance medicine (600196) pharmaceutical biology, sale of part of hlx02 overseas interests, re-proven biopharmaceutical research and development capabilities, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
• Events: The company issued an announcement granting the subsidiary accordhealthcarelimited the right to reorganize her 2-man-sourced monoclon antibodies (hlx02) in Europe, in parts of the Middle East and North Africa, and in some CIS countries. Accord will pay up to $40.5 million to the recouper.
The first payment ($8.0 million) and the milestone costs were raised to cover 13.5-25% of net profits. Her2 is the primary target for the treatment of breast/gas cancer, and the original drug Hersettine is the top ten best-selling drugs in the world. Her2 is an important target for the choice of treatment drugs for tumours, about 25% breast cancer and 20% stomach/gas.
There is an over-expression of her2 genes among those suffering from dietary cancer. According to the Chinese Anti-Cancer Association's Breast Cancer Clinical Guidelines, positive breast cancer patients are preferred.
Global sales in 2017 were $7.1 billion, the eighth-highest in the world, and the first echelon of similar products in the Hong Kong Hlx02 Research and Development Agency, the international leader. Currently, six domestic firms have entered/completed the iii phase of their ii clinic, with three-year-old Kensaiputin re-apply.
In June of this year, the Ukrainian Clinical iii trial was approved as the country’s first biological class to conduct overseas clinical trials. In the European market, there are currently only celltrion, samsungbiologics, Hessetin-like products that were approved at the end of 2017, en route, and Pfizer's products are still on the market, and we believe that companies are at a global distance.
The company's ability to develop biopharmaceuticals is strong and is expected to make a breakthrough on the country's bio-like drug zero.
According to Imschpa, in 2016, Leitoszva was sold in China for about 1.5 billion yuan, a heavy-pound variety. With the warp, Adam and Beluconi resistance, similar drugs entered the clinical iii phase, with vegfr2 resistance, egfr resistance, pd-1 resistance, etc.
Innovative medicines are entering the clinical phase, and companies have built very deep research and development pipelines.
Keeps the “buy-in” rating. Strong R&D drives product innovation (2017-08-30) has not been, has not been, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.