Through a consistency evaluation, the Centre for Medical Health Studies, Essy-Plene, is expected to accelerate import substitution.
The Acetic Plenum film, developed by Lundbeck, Denmark, was approved by the fda on 14 August 2002 for clinical use, with Esciplan being the first line drug recommended in the guide for depression and anxiety, and the sale fell rapidly after the expiry of the patent in 2012.
Home. According to the latest data from iqviachpa, in 2017, the domestic sale of the acetic acupuncture film 1. " Clinical declaration of cytotherapy products, expected to live in later years " , is 18 per cent of the Cullen pharmaceutical industry and less than 1 per cent of the intruding drug industry.
Consistency evaluation perspective: The coron and resung medicine industry has now passed the coherency evaluation, the Kyoto Pharmacy 2. The inner-born industry has exceeded market expectations, innovation and the Chinese medicine industry is in the process of being approved, of which the Chinese medicine industry was awarded in September 2015 in the United States of America.
From a clinical point of view, the Tibetan Nakukang Pharmacy and Garden 3. "Acquisition of Shenzhen Hengsheng Hospital, medical services are now being tested in the pharmaceutical sector " .
We believe that in the near future, three enterprises will emerge through a consistent evaluation, which, according to the Triple Quarterly Performance Index, has been hampered by research and development, has reached more than three companies that have received a consistent evaluation and will no longer be selected for use in the centralized procurement of medicines, etc.
The standard market for varieties not evaluated by consistency will be reshuffled and the pattern is expected to be re-reformed.
14.29 bucks/samples, 7.87 bucks/samples/samples/samples/samples/samples/samples/samples/samples/samples/samples/samples/samples/samples/samples/samples/spans/spanks/spans/spanks/spanks/spanks/spanks/spanks/spans/spanks/spanks/spanks/spans/spanks/spanks/spans/spanks/spanks/spanks/s/spanks/spans/spanks/s/spans/spanks/s/spanks/s. According to the current policy on the location of the provinces, there is a theoretical basis for raising the price through a consistent evaluation, but whether the price increase depends on market structure and business policies
On the whole, the prices will be brought closer to the originals, and import substitution will be accelerated. Considering gland, we expect the company to return to its mother-in-law for 18-20 years.
Essexiplane, through a consistency evaluation, is expected to accelerate import substitution and reshape market patterns.Assipull is a single right-wing optical isomer of the dicyclic hydride derivatives that rotates west Xiplan, developed by Lundbeck, Denmark, and approved by fda on 14 August 2002.
In clinical use, Assisi’s first-line drug of depression, anxiety, was recommended. Sales fell rapidly after the expiry of the patent in 2012. Market perspective: So far, there are six herb-acid Assi’s brands on the market in China.
According to the latest data from iqviachpa, the domestic sales of the acetic acetic Xi-Plan in 2017 amounted to approximately RMB 1.09 billion. Xi An Youngsen accounted for 45 per cent of the sales; Yamato Santao accounted for 35 per cent; the Cullen Pharmacy industry accounted for 18 per cent; and the Toyaku Pharmacy industry for less than 1 per cent.
Consistency evaluation: Consistency evaluation has now been carried out in the Cullen Pharmaceuticals and Restar Medicines, and the Kyoto Pharmacy and Huahai Pharmacy is in the process of being approved, with the Chinese Pharmacy approved in September 2015 in the United States, and is now declared through the agent export transmission route.
We believe that in the near future, three companies will emerge through a consistency evaluation, with more than three companies evaluated on the basis of a consistent evaluation of the same variety of medicines, no longer selected for centralized drug purchases, etc.
The pattern is expected to be reshaped by reshuffling the rules market with varieties that have not been evaluated by consistency. Price angle: original Danish h.lundbecka/s 10mg specifications are priced at the latest winning price in Yunnan at $14.29 per piece, the in-court pharmaceutical industry at $7.87 per piece, the collen drug industry at $7.67 per piece, and the national production price.
According to the policy of the provinces, there is a theoretical basis for price increases through consistent assessment, but whether they are based on market structures and business strategies. Overall, they will bring prices closer to those under study and accelerate import substitution.
▪1, we believe that companies have long proven their capabilities based on business operations. Whether based on post-merger integration, the health care community as a whole has increased synergy and strength, or long-term trends towards industrial development.
The company has proven its excellent pharmaceutical industry at different levels, and it has the genes to grow into an international first-class pharmaceutical company. In contrast to the global pharmaceutical industry, China has not yet emerged as a leading pharmaceutical company on the international stage, which is inconsistent with China’s overall national power.
1) First, companies have sustained and efficient research and development investment over a long period of time in order to drive innovation. In the context of the rapid growth of global biologics&biosimilar, companies have been operating for many years.
A strong product line has been set up to be the leader of the country’s Biosimilar, with an autonomous intellectual property right to bio-innovation medicine, a system of independent research and development and production, leading to the flourishing of Chinese biopharmaceuticals and promising to take a seat on the international market.
Second, the company is born with the gene that became a bigpharma. The company's growth path has proven itself to be excellent in merger integration.
China recently joined the Ich, China’s overall drug approval system, health insurance payments, etc., in international matching, and the Chinese market was restored.
The advantage of marrying international resources is smoother! 3) Third, a good management team and talent-selection system. From 16 years on, rein Xing was headed by Wu Yifan, the former Managing Director of Jiangsuwan State.
Manchurians have grown, unlike the previous CEOs, who invested in long-term investments. From management, we think that restarry is more industrially managed, based on deep integration of restarry medicine, optimized resource allocation and more efficient operations.
From the point of view of R & D, the company has proven itself to be a leader in the Big Molecular Biopharmaceuticals, with small points in the innovation medicine and consistency assessment that continue to break out. 1) Bio-like drugs for the cd20 target are the first Chinese to apply as a biosimilar.
(b) A three-stage clinical progress on biologically similar drugs for her 2nd target is expected to yield core data for production in the second half of 18 years.
3) The company is expected to complete the cd19car-t clinical declaration in the first half of 18th year, as the domestic process of declaration and registration of cell therapy is clear. 4) Reorganisation of insulin for humans, restructuring of glycerin for insulin, restructuring of three phases of clinical progress for Lycón for the first half of 18th year.
It is expected that key data will be available during the year. 5) Innovative biopharmaceuticals: synchronized clinical work on targets in Taiwan, the United States, and the United States.
6) Small molecular innovation medicine: Ventigrams, injections of fn-1501, fcn-437c capsules, etc. M&As below expectations and integration below expectations. Restar medicine has proven itself in M&A integration.
Excellent capacity, but there is uncertainty about M&As for each M&A. New products have been approved less quickly than expected: drug approvals in the country have accelerated considerably since the pharmacological reform, but there is uncertainty about approvals for specific varieties.
For generics, competition is increasing and, in the general context of health insurance costs, the relevant report rating ratio is analysed in the market, and then the final rating is calculated on average and built as the average market investment.