The Center for Medical Health Research has a higher calibre than market expectations, and the harvest of innovative products has been influenced by national drug holdings and has performed poorly, but the growth of the main calibre has been strong and outpaced by market forecasts.
The net profit/loss/loss/loss/loss/loss/loss/of the state's drug control, with net profits of $293 million realized by the company's main industry, increased on a year-on-year basis The pharmaceutical plate: projected revenues of $4.3 billion, increased on a year-on-year basis by more than 60 per cent, of which gland earns 500 million left-right, 22 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the regulatory market by more than 60 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The acquisition of Shenzhen Hengsheng Hospital has resulted in an increase of more than 35% in the same caliber.
2. Third Quarterly Performance Index, R & D Access to Medical Services: The Chen City Hospital is certified by jci to enable foreigners to pay both for medical treatment and for overseas health insurance.
3. Obtaining Production Licence, Biosimilar Listed Medical Devices and Diagnosis: Management of large equipment configuration took effect on March 20th, Da Vinci was adjusted from category A to category B. Quota authority was determined by the Provincial Commission for the Protection of the Human Rights of the Population and the Family.
4. Modification of the Gland Acquisition Programme, a breakthrough in internationalization - it is hoped that the volume of purchases will increase and the number of surgeries will continue to grow at a high rate, with R & D costs of $277 million, an increase of 40.28% over the same period.
5. "Research and development into harvest, innovation-driven comprehensive medicine declaration production, expected to be approved in the second half of the year, and companies have started to prepare specialized sales teams; " Group Farther " , " Review of the Medicines Company " ,
Doddler's anti-symptomatics are directed at the clinical ii of breast cancer, Adawood's anti-systems at the clinical stage of the adaptive period of silver chips, and Bevell's anti-systems at the clinical stage of transient rectal cancer.
The company has 3,000 copies of commercial production, taking into account gland's schedule, and we expect the company to return to its mother's net profit in 17-19, respectively.
Under the influence of national drug holdings, performance is low, but growth in the main industry is strong, exceeding market expectations. Excluding the influence of national drug holdings and non-recurrent gains and losses, the firm’s main industry achieved net profits of $293 million, an increase of 72.48 per cent over the same period. See, gland M&As are projected to grow by more than 25 per cent.
Pharmaceutical plates: projected revenue of 4.3 billion is over 60% over the same year, with gland earning more than 500 million left right 22% over the same year, and the regulatory market more than 60% over the same year; excluding gland from the list of factors, which is over 35% over the same calibre.
Health services: The Jin City Hospital, certified by Jci, allows foreigners to pay both for medical care and for overseas medical insurance. The Shenzhen Hengsheng Hospital is listed together.
Strategic layout of medical service operations with a combination of end-of-pipe, second-line city specialists and polyclinics, development of regional medical centres and high-health industry chains, improvement of effectiveness through “joint procurement + management output” medical instruments and diagnostics: large-scale equipment configuration management took effect on March 20th.
Classes are adjusted to category B, with quota authority determined by the Provincial Commission for the Protection of the Human Rights of the Population. In the midst of the current policy excesses, it is expected that procurement will increase and surgeries will continue to grow at a high rate in the coming year. $277 million in R & D costs, an increase of 40.28 per cent over the same period.
(a) The production of similar drug declarations, which are expected to be approved in the second half of the year, and the company has begun to prepare specialized sales teams;
Consistency evaluation is progressing well, with the first products starting to be sold online; car-t is expected to be declared clinically in the near future, while the company has 3,000 copies of the commercial cost angle: 1.797 billion dollars of company sales due to double-counting and tabulation
High, combined, sales costs increased by about 20% of the calibre, maintaining robustness. Financial costs: one-off effects of financial costs, $199 million, an increase of 62.38% over the same period, resulting from financial replacements from gland and from acquisitions.
▪1, we believe that companies have long proven their capabilities based on business operations. Whether based on post-merger integration, the health care community as a whole has increased synergy and strength, or long-term trends towards industrial development.
The company has proven its excellent pharmaceutical industry at different levels, and it has the genes to grow into an international first-class pharmaceutical company. As opposed to the global pharmaceutical industry, China has not yet emerged as a leading pharmaceutical company on the international stage, which is inconsistent with China’s overall national power.
One is that companies have sustained and efficient investment in research and development over the long term to drive innovation. In the context of the global rapid development of biologics&biosimilar, companies have been operating for many years and have been established.
It is rich in solid product lines and is the leader of the country’s Biosimilar, with an autonomous knowledge-of-property bio-innovation drug, a system of independent research and development and production that leads to the booming development of Chinese raw medicines and is expected to take a place in the international market.
The company's growth path has proven its ability to integrate mergers and acquisitions. In the long term, it is important for the future to become a top-notch global pharmaceutical company to have a project screening and merger integration that is based on the direction of the industry.
In the early days of its creation, he set up an excellent M&A team and set up a mature and efficient system of project screening and M&As. China has recently joined Ich, China’s entire pharmaceutical approval system, health insurance payments, etc., to international interfaces.
Third, an excellent management team and talent selection system. Starting in 16 years, the president of the former Jiangsuwan state, Wu Yifan, was the chief executive officer of the former Jiangsuwan state, starting with sales, and building up the country, which was not the case with the previous president, who had invested in the long term.
Medicines are more industrially managed, based on deep integration, optimal allocation of resources, and more efficient operations. 3, from the point of view of R & D, the company has proven itself to be a leader in molecular biopharmaceutics.
Innovative medicines and consistency assessments continue to make breakthroughs.) Bio-like drugs for cd20 targets, the first biological drug in China to apply for listing as a biosimilar, have been submitted with cfda rolling applications and are expected to break through the year;
▪ 2) The three-stage clinical progress on biologically similar drugs targeted at her 2nd target is expected to be achieved in the second half of 18, with core data and production declared. ▪ As the domestic process of declaration and registration of cell therapy is clear, the company is expected to complete it in the first half of 18 years.
(cd19car-t's clinical declaration.) Reorganisation of insulin, restructuring of glyclinol, restructuring of three stages of clinical progress in Lycón, which is expected to provide key data in the course of the year.
▪ 5) Innovative biopharmaceuticals: synchronized clinical work in Taiwan, the United States, and the United States on targets of vegfr2, egfr, pd-1.
▪ Considering gland, we expect that the net return profits of the company in 17-19 years will be less than expected and less consolidated than expected, respectively. Anti-star medicine has proven itself to be good at merger integration, but there is uncertainty about merger and integration for every merger.
▪ New products have been approved less than expected: drug approvals in the country have accelerated considerably since the drug review reform, but there are still uncertainties about approvals for specific varieties.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment