The Afa Osteoporosis film is expected to accelerate import substitution through a consistency evaluation by the Centre for Medical Health Research.
The Afa osteoporosis tablets are mainly used to treat osteoporosis symptoms, improve chronic kidney insufficiency, hypothyroidism, vitamin-resistant diseases, etc. The domestic market: As of 2018, there were six Afa osteoporosis tablets listed in China.
Of that amount, 44 per cent was taken by teva; 11 per cent by Xin Soyo Shanghai; 11 per cent by Xinxing Medicine; and 10 per cent each by Qingdao and the South China Mountain Pharmaceuticals.
Consistency evaluation perspective: Only repeat-star medicines are currently evaluated through the consistency evaluation of the Alfa Osteoporosis tablets, and the teva pharmaceutical has submitted a supplemental application, and no other state-owned enterprises have submitted a supplemental application for a consistent evaluation.
Heil Al-Afa Osteoporosis Be experiment is under way. There is a clear advantage in re-star medicine. Price angle: 0.5ug specifications for importing Japanese Imperial pharmaceuticals are priced in Jiangsu at $3.46/3.
According to the current policy of the provinces, there is a theoretical basis for price increases in the varieties evaluated through a consistent assessment.
But raising prices depends on market structure and business strategy. Overall, it's going to be close to the original 5.
With the consistency assessment, it is hoped that import substitution will accelerate and market patterns will be reshaped.
▪ Mainly used to treat osteoporosis, improve chronic kidney insufficiency, hypothyroidism, vitamin-resistant diseases, etc. The domestic market: As of 2018, there were six Afa Osteoporosis tablets on the market in China.
According to the latest data from iqviachpa, domestic sales of Alfa skeletal tablets in 2017 amounted to about RMB 460 million. Of this amount, 44 per cent was in Teva; 11 per cent was in Shanghai; 11 per cent was in Quaker medicine; and 10 per cent was in Qingdao and South Tunghua Pharmacy.
Figure 2: Domestic competition patterns for alpha osteoporosis. Consistency evaluation perspective: only repeat-star medicines are currently evaluated through the consistency evaluation of the alpha osteoporosis tablets. Teva pharmaceuticals submit supplementary applications and no other national producers submit additional applications for conformity evaluation.
The price angle: the 0.5ug specifications for importing Japanese Imperial pharmaceuticals are priced at $3.46 per piece in Jiangsu’s latest winning price, 2.6 yuan per piece in Chongqing’s drug friend, and the national production price is more than 30% discounted against the import price.
According to current provincial policies, there is a theory of price increases for varieties evaluated through consistency.
1. We believe that companies have long proven their capabilities on the basis of business operations. Whether it is based on integration after M & As, increasing the synergy and strength of the entire medical community, or sustained R & D investment in long-term judgement on the trend towards industrial development, companies have proven their excellence in the pharmaceutical industry at different levels.
2. Companies have the genes to grow into the world’s leading pharmaceutical industry. China’s presence in the world’s pharmaceutical industry is not consistent with China’s overall national power, and we believe that the world’s pharmaceutical industry is expected to be represented on the international stage.
1) First, the company ' s long-term and efficient R & D investment to drive innovation. In the context of the global biologics & biosimilar rapid development, the company, after many years of operation, has built a solid product line and became the leader of the country ' s biosimilar, with a layout.
Bio-innovation medicines with autonomous intellectual property rights, which create a system of independent research and development and production, lead to the booming development of Chinese bio-pharmaceuticals and are expected to take their place on the international market.) Second, companies are born with genes that become bigpharma.
To become a top-class global pharmaceutical company, it must have the capacity to screen and integrate projects based on the direction of industrial development, and to build up an excellent M & As team from the start.
China has recently joined the Ich, China's entire drug approval system, health insurance payments, etc., to international interface, and the Chinese market has become more comfortable with international resources!
Third, an excellent management team and talent-selection development system. Starting in 16 years, rein Xinxing was the president of the former Jiangsuwan State, Wu Yi Fung, who started selling and built the country, which was different from the previous president's investment in the long term.
They believe that the re-star medicine is more industrially managed, based on deep integration of the re-star medicine, optimized resource allocation, and more efficient operations. 3, from the point of view of R & D, the company has proven itself to be a leader in the big molecule bio-pharmaceuticals, with a small share.
Innovative medicines and consistency assessments continue to make breakthroughs. 1) Bio-like drugs for cd20 targets, the first biological drug to be introduced in China as a biosimilar, have submitted cfda rolling applications and are expected to make a breakthrough in the course of the year;
2) The three-stage clinical progress of biologically similar drugs for her 2 target points is steady and it is expected that core data will be available and production declared in the second half of 18 years. 3) As the domestic process of declaration and registration of cell therapy is clear, the company is expected to be in the first half of 18 years.
Completing the clinical declaration of cd19car-t. 4) Reorganizing insulin for humans, recombining glyclin, restructuring three stages of clinical progress in Lycón, and it is expected that key data will be available in the course of the year.
5) Innovative biopharmaceuticals: Synchronized clinical work in Taiwan, the United States, and the United States on targets of vegfr2, egfr, pd-1. 6) Small molecular innovators: Vangrams, injections of fn-1501, fcn-437c glue
The M&As are below expectations, and the M&As are below expectations. The M&As have proven their excellence in M&As, but there is uncertainty about M&As for each M&A project.
▪ New products have been approved less than expected: drug approvals in the country have accelerated considerably since the drug review reform, but there are still uncertainties about approvals for specific varieties.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment