The pharmaceutical chromosome iii incident: Litus antibiotic analogues developed autonomously by the company ' s controlling subsidiary, Hwang Hanjian, for the treatment of rheumatous flue (millions of shares)
Accompanied by arthritis, the clinical iii trial was initiated. A ii-procedural process was carried out by wind-like wind, with research and development leading in the country; a cd20-target human mouse-set anti-drug developed by Rhodes was approved by fda in 1997.
In April 2008, it entered the Chinese market, mainly for treatment of non-Hoochkin lymphoma and rheumatism arthritis. In 2017, US$ 7,935 million was sold globally, the third most marketed drug in the world, and the Chinese district sold about US$ 1.74 billion. US$ 1.74 billion.
The treatment of the tumor, followed by research, found good treatment for rheumatism and eventually approved by the fda for severe rheumatism. The treatment of rheumatism in the current market is mostly targeted at tnf-α, whereas the target is not the same as the one used to fight it, and is therefore particularly suitable for tnf.
A patient whose drug is not effective. Littos of Hwang has been clinically tested as a biologically similar drug for Rhodes. A clinical trial on non-Hoochkin lymphoma has recently been completed and a head-to-head bed test has been passed. The drug is of a similar level of safety and efficacy to the original drug, so we believe it is.
There is a great chance of success again on rheumatological arthritis. Among the currently developed varieties of regenerative antibiotics used for rheumatological arthritis treatment in the country, there is a remarkable regenesis, which, according to the normal clinical test cycle, is expected to be marketed in 2020-2021 if everything goes well.
The non-Hodge King lymphoma adaptive disorder is expected to be listed in the country in the near future: the old American patent of Roth Litto, which expired this year, and the European patent, which expired in 2014, has led to the emergence of some powerful drugs abroad, such as the Maball of Hetero India, which was listed in 2015.
Since the patent is about to expire, a number of companies in the country have been active in the precipitous process, focusing on non-Hodgkin lymphoma adaptive problems. In this case, the most advanced has been the recent completion of the iii clinical trial, which is currently in the production declaration stage and is expected to be included in the priority approval process in January this year.
The first bio-like drug produced by local companies will be marketed by the end of 2018-2019. In addition, the product of the Tianzhou cell, the Sindha organism, is in the iii phase of clinical trials, and the three-year-old Kensaku has withdrawn his application for admission to the market because of clinical examination.
A similar drug will take some of the original drug markets on the market, further increasing corporate performance. Research and development against non-Hoochkin lymphoma and rheumatism, based on (i) Hinogen lytostasis, is at the top of the list among domestic firms and is expected to be approved for non-Hooch lymphoma in the near future.
The treatment (2) company has a better product line layout for single antibiotic-like and innovative drugs, and several heavy-pound varieties have advanced ahead of other companies in the domestic industry, with new products coming on the market over the next few years, continuing performance and giving companies an increased -b rating.