Construction in China (601668.sh) Eingning Kang has been growing steadily, the share of capital business has increased steadily, and the “buy-in” proposal has been maintained
Corporate performance: Annual reports issued by companies, with total operating income of 959.98 billion, y0y+9% in 2016; Corporate performance stabilized throughout the year, with total operating income of $9.59.8 billion, an increase of 9% from the previous year.
Traditional operations, such as design surveys, have improved steadily, infrastructure operations have grown rapidly and the collection ratio has risen by two percentage points, of which $6,202.2 million, yoy + 5.4 per cent, is the operating income of construction operations; and capital operations, with combined annual Māori rates falling by 2.2 percentage points to 10.2 per cent, is mainly subject to changes in the “camp-to-camp” tax rate.
The impact of the change in the accounting calculus has been a corresponding decline in the income tax rate by 3.65 percentage points, and the net profit rate by 0.15 percentage points as compared with the increase of 3.11 percentage points.
Real estate sales grew steadily and land reserves were adequate: the market was up in 2016, company real estate sales were up, amounting to $18.96 billion in contract sales, corresponding to the increase in the share of institutional investors in the circulation of a share
Less than the average growth in the industry, but the profitability of the real estate business remains a leader in the industry. In terms of land storage, the company added a national land reserve of 2,421,000 square metres in 2016, with a total land reserve of 77.4 million square metres for the period, with a reserve of 5.3 times higher than annual sales.
Land reserves provide a good basis for the future sustainable development of the company’s real estate business. Newly signed documents: companies accumulate $1861.2 billion in new singles, yoy + 23%, and exceed the sales target of $1.6 trillion set at the beginning of the year.
Youy+8.5%, capital business of $554.7 billion, yoy+77%, design survey business of $8.7 billion, yoy-1.3%, collection of 2.3%, sufficient orders to guarantee steady growth in future construction operations. Future outlook and profitability projections: companies develop business plans for 2017, and new contracts are planned throughout the year
2.2 trillion dollars, with 1.04 trillion dollars in revenue. Corporate housing will continue to grow steadily, while capital growth is expected to continue as a result of a combination of policies, such as the Yoon-Yang An-Yan Zone.
Construction will continue to be the focus of the company's future development. In real estate business, increasingly influenced by recent hot-spot city regulation policies, industry and corporate sales are either increasing or going back, and sales are expected throughout the year...
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: