Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) with average marginal increase in profit margins, other non-interest performance of 1-3q24 Agricultural Bank receipts, net return profit increases of +1.29 per cent, +3.38 per cent, respectively, compared
The growth rate of 1h24 is +1, +1.38 pct, with an average marginal increase, with the increase in revenue being the second highest in the country, and the increase in net profit returns being the highest in the country. The net interest income is the same as +0.96%, and the marginal increase of 0.81 pct from 1h24 is the result of a slowdown in interest spending.
Trends, year-on-year growth +25.12%. Agricultural banks wind up at a time when bond market yields are subdued by a shock, company prices are relative to a 300-year-old trend, market trends are more flexible, portfolio positions are adjusted, and financial investments are becoming more profitable. Cost recovery is increasing.
Overall, agricultural bank cost control and lower efficiency gains are better. The scale has accelerated, with retail loans, district finance achieving high efficiency gains to catch up 3q24 Agricultural Bank total assets, loans, and financial investments increasing by +12.55 per cent, respectively.
The loan structure shows a sharp increase in public and private loans and long-term performance. A net increase of $67.51 billion in individual loans from 1 to 3q Agricultural Bank accounts for 35 per cent of the net increase in individual lending across the country, and the retail conglomerates have been consolidated.
$82.7 billion, a net increase of $16.5 billion over the 2q24 season. The discounts are higher than the equivalent of trillion yuan at the end of the season, which is more than 40 per cent of the country's loans; the net addition of 956.3 billion yuan in county loans is 10.9 per cent higher than at the end of the previous year, and 1.73 pcts are higher than the line.
Loans to farmers, the majority of the products, have been increasingly invested, with a balance of $1.47 trillion in “loan-e loans”, which is 35.5 per cent higher than at the end of the previous year. The trend of “leveraging” the total debt of 3q24 agricultural banks and the size of deposits at the same rate has continued, and the pace of the increase in deposits has slowed by the season, mainly as a result of deposits to public demand.
1. Three farmers, thanks to the good wind in Zagen district, with a steady net interest gap, and debt-end cost control resulting in a credit spread of 3q24 Agricultural Bank, with a net interest difference of 1.45 per cent compared to the 1h24 ring ratio.
The lowering of mortgage rates and the increased competition of financial institutions have led to lower interest rates on new loans, which have led to further downturns in asset-end rates of return, offset by parallel downs in debt-end cost rates, such as “hand-load” adjustments to deposits and cost controls.
On October 18, agricultural bank deposits were put down at a rate of 0.1%; three months, half-yearly, one.
At the end of the spectrum, the share of individual deposits at the end of the liability of agricultural banks was relatively high, the medium- and long-term contribution to the delivery of interest differentials was characterized by sound asset quality and maintenance of a stable level of provision, 3q24 agricultural bank failure rate of 1.32 per cent, three consecutive seasons of flat balance and asset quality maintenance
Rendering coverage is 302.96%, a slight decrease of 1.58 pct over the 1h24 ring, which represents an increase of $1.47 billion in risk, and remains stable in terms of preparation and write-off. 1.12% financial failure in the area of 1h24 Agricultural Bank districts, 381.12% coverage and loan returns to the county areas
The rate was 3.66 per cent (the average rate of return on all-line loans was 3.56 per cent), the county area had assets of better quality than the average for all-line assets, and the risk-adjusted rate of return was higher than the full-line rate of return, and the quality of assets was gradually improved through continued financial activity in all districts.
With the slowdown in the urbanization process, the county economic base is low and growing at a high rate, and banks in deep-farm districts are expected to benefit from accelerated urban-rural integration in terms of population and size.
Rapid growth, increased regional appeal, led to high financial demand. Agricultural banks are deep-growing in the three-farming, financial, and central-western regions, where the number of points is among the top four branches of State-owned business, and the central-western region, where the number of points of activity is more than double the average capacity of the network over the past five years.
Industry, with a low-cost edge on the end of the debt, asset quality indicators are improving steadily, with poor rates, concerns, and overdue rates constantly improving. District lending has improved at a higher rate, in absolute terms, than at a higher rate.
At the forefront of the line, interest differentials are stable and asset quality is stable. We maintain the profit projection assumption, pre-interest rate risk: market interest rates continue to fall, competition for high-quality assets increases, interest differentials narrow market risk: macro and regional economies are causing asset quality deterioration and poor performance.
Business risk: Economic growth is slower than expected, and a significant decline in financing needs slows credit growth. Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from open information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance about the accuracy or completeness of the information or the information and advice contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.