For the first time, Zagen County's state-owned bank and Global System Importance Bank have been covered.
The Agricultural Bank, the first national professional bank established in New China, started by the Agricultural Cooperation Bank, highlights the economic characteristics of deep-farming villages and service entities in State-owned businesses. The equity structure is highly concentrated and stable, with the state holding as high as 82.2% as of the end of the second quarter of 2024.
Agricultural banks have assets of 42 trillion yuan, ranked third in the world in terms of first-level capital, and have been included in the list of global system-critical banks for 10 years.
The number of agricultural banking points is among the highest in the State sector, while in the central and western regions they are among the leading practitioners. Regionally, the distribution of agricultural banking points is more concentrated in the central and western regions, with 52.47% of the central and western networks in the top four countries.
The Agricultural Bank has been working on a comprehensive reform of the financial sector in all three sectors since 2008 and has set up specialized units at the level of the main branch to strengthen the financial capacity of the county.
• Low and high economic base in the counties, where banks are expected to benefit from accelerated urban-rural integration;
In 2023, rural residents increased their disposable income and per capita consumption expenditure by 7.8 per cent and 9.3 per cent, respectively, at a higher rate than that of urban residents, and per capita consumption expenditure increased by the same rate.
The construction of mega-developments, such as the “Emergence of the Central Sector” and the “Emergence of the Central Sector” led to improvements in the economic fundamentals of some provinces in the central and western regions.
The balance is growing faster than the loans, and the central-western region continues to grow worse, with higher agricultural banks expected to benefit more from the rapid development of opportunities for urban-rural integration in the future. • Agricultural banks have a three-fold competitive advantage in terms of quantity, price, and risk than State-owned counterparts
(a) Volume: The scale of expansion is the highest in the country, with three agro-inclusive, green finance, and manufacturing being the main players. 1q24 Agricultural Bank total assets, loans, investments have increased by 14.5 per cent, 12.9 per cent and 28.1 per cent, respectively, and is the highest in the six countries.
High-speed scale growth in operating income has been effective in supporting profit growth. (2) Prices: the debt structure of agricultural banks is predominantly personal and has a low-cost deposit advantage. In terms of cost of deposits, the interest rate on individual deposits in agricultural banks was 1.68 per cent in 2023, which is relatively low in State-owned businesses.
The interest rate on individual deposits in agricultural banks is lower than the interest rate on public deposits, and the individual deposits are higher, contributing to the advantage of low-cost deposits. (3) Risk: assets are of good medium quality, and the county financial deficit is lower than the industry average.
Rate. 1 bp to 1.32% lower than 1q24, with the lowest water level in history, and a robust asset quality. After 2020, district lending has improved better than line-wide lending, with county-wide lending having declined by only 1.24% at the end of 2023.
The provision of security cushions has been tightened and the risk countervailing capacity is strong. The agricultural bank loan ratio was 4 per cent at the end of the quarter of 2024, down 5bps from 1q24, ranking first in the country's row; The coverage of the provision was maintained at 303.94 per cent, ranking second in the country's row, and the risk countervailing capacity was maintained at the same level.
With the slowdown in the urbanization process, the county economic base is low and growing at a high rate, and banks in deep-farm districts are expected to benefit from accelerated urban-rural integration in terms of population and size.
Rapid growth, increased regional appeal, led to high financial demand. Agricultural banks are deep-growing in the three-farming, financial, and central-western regions, where the number of points is among the top four branches of State-owned business, and the central-western region, where the number of points of activity is more than double the average capacity of the network over the past five years.
Industry, with a low-cost advantage on the end of the debt, asset quality indicators have improved steadily, with poor rates, concerns, and overdue rates constantly improving.
The above analysis uses the absolute ddm valuation method, which implies a reasonable valuation of 0.75 xpb in agricultural banks. Interest rate risk: market interest rates continue to fall, competition among high-quality customers increases, asset end-of-end rates of return persist Business risk: economic recovery is not as rapid as expected, and declining demand for financing slows credit growth.
The Bank of Agriculture is the first national professional bank established in New China. It is run by the Agricultural Co-operative Bank and has been modified and is not listed on the market.
(a) Phase I (1951-1978): “Three-in-three” foundation. The Agricultural Bank's predecessor, the Agricultural Cooperation Bank, was established in 1951 and assumed responsibility for the socio-economic rehabilitation and development of the rural areas of the new China. Since then, the Agricultural Bank has been working with the People's Bank on three occasions because of the need for integrated management.
The consolidation, three re-establishments and, for the fourth time in 1979, the agricultural bank, with its central mission of serving the three farmers, evolved into the main source of financing and supply for the country ' s rural economy and strongly supported its economic and social development at the time.
(ii) Phase II (1979-1999): The re-routing of new roads The reform and opening up of agricultural banks led to major institutional changes, such as de-linking from rural credit unions and the separation of agricultural development banks, which removed historical burdens and led to light-loading and commercialization operations.
In 1994, the Bank of Agriculture transferred most of its policy operations to the newly established China Bank for Agricultural Development. In 1996, the Bank of Agriculture and Bank of China transferred most of its policy operations to the newly established Bank for Agricultural Development.
Liang no longer leads the management of rural credit unions, leaving them out of administrative affiliation. (3) Phase III (1999-present): stock re-entry into the new market. In July 1999, the Bank of Agriculture of China stripped the newly formed China Great Wall Asset Management Company of its undesired assets.
In 2004, the Agricultural Bank first reported to the Equity Programme. In 2007, the Third National Financial Work Conference specified that the Agricultural Bank was entering a new phase of the reform of the stock system. In 2008, the Agricultural Bank clearly set out the objectives and development strategy of the “3510” campaign, establishing the three Ministries of Agriculture and Finance in the same year to promote the reform of the three Ministries of Agriculture and Finance in all its aspects.
By the end of the first quarter of 2024, the total assets of the Agricultural Bank were over $4.2 trillion, ranking third in terms of first-level capital.
For the tenth consecutive year, the list of banks of global systemic importance was added to the list of business and construction banks.
The number of agricultural banking points is among the highest among comparable practitioners, and the number of central and western banking points is among the top. In 2018-2022, the agricultural banking points were substantially withdrawn, from 23381 to 22788.
By the end of 2023, there were 22,843 branches of the Agricultural Bank, after the Postal Bank. In terms of regional distribution, the agricultural banking network was more concentrated in the mid-western region, where 52.47 per cent of the total was in the top four countries (building banks, business banks, Chinese banks, 43 per cent, respectively).
47.02 per cent, 29.81 per cent); balanced but relatively small number of points in economically developed areas, with the ratio of 13.1 per cent, 10.4 per cent and 14.4 per cent in the Long Triangle, Pearl Triangle and Ring Sea regions, respectively.
Figure 4 Distribution of points within the Bank of Agriculture (2023a) Figure 5 Distribution of points within the Bank of Construction (2023a) Figure 6 Distribution of points within the Bank of Commerce and Industry (2023a)
Figure 7 Regional distribution of points in the Bank of China (2023a) The institutional set-up fully reflects the genes of the three farmers, and the operating mechanisms are unique.
The executive branch has set up the Management Committee of the Ministry of Finance and Finance, which is responsible for coordinating the strategic decision-making and overall deployment for the implementation of the Board's inclusive financial operations.
At the branch level, the Agricultural Bank has set up specialized units to strengthen the operational capacity of county branches. In terms of operating mechanisms, the Agricultural Bank has established a “six-one-one-one-one” enterprise management mechanism, in the areas of capital management, credit management, accounting, risk provision and write-off, and financing.
The three Ministries of Agriculture and Finance are managed separately in six areas, such as the gold balance and operation, and the examination of incentives, and form a separate regulatory system from urban operations.
Agricultural banks have a stable equity structure, with a State share as high as 82.2 per cent. By the end of the second quarter of 2024, the top ten shareholders of the company held 94 per cent of the company ' s shares, with a highly concentrated share structure.