Kang Eining's net profits in the first three quarters of 2017 were yoy + 7%, performance and sales grew slightly higher than h1, and the company issued three-quarter reports in 2017, collecting yoy + 14.4%, net profits + 6.7%.
We believe that by the end of 2017, when the vehicle market is stimulated by a small-volume vehicle purchase tax, demand will be released centrally, and the overall rate of growth in the automobile industry will remain steady up in the fourth quarter of the year, with product upgrading cycles and intensive roll-out of multi-suv.
The continued roll-out of the Group’s new suv will be effective in raising the volume of corporate sales. We expect the company’s sales to grow at a slightly higher rate than the industry average throughout the year, maintaining its previous judgement that net profits are expected to be $356 billion in 2017 and $38.1 billion in 18 years, while yoy + 11% and 7%, respectively;
The previous three quarters saw steady growth, with a positive trend: the company achieved cumulative growth of $60.8 billion, yoy + 14.4 per cent, net profit of $24.6 billion, yoy + 6.7 per cent in the first three quarters of 2017.
As a result of (1) a steady increase in automobile sales in the first three quarters of the company, the city ' s share rose by 0.6 percentage points to 23.8 per cent (especially the high and sustained growth in the sale of autonomous brand models). (2) Sustained sales, the scale effect of rapid growth reduced unit costs and led to an increase in the combined Māori ratio.
0.77 percentage points, or 13.2 per cent (3) in the reporting period, the rate of income tax and minority shareholder interest in the company increased by 0.9 percentage points in the reporting period over the same period, leading to a 0.9 percentage point to 10.9 per cent increase in the three rates over the same period, and a steady upward trend in the overall performance of the company.
Sales grew at a higher rate than industry averages, and autonomous sales performed at a better rate: according to sales, the Department achieved 4.82 million vehicles in January-September 2017, while yoy increased by 7.6 per cent, and sales increased at a more stable rate than industry averages (total automobile sales in the first half of the year were yoy+4.8 per cent, and by car sales).
Ten thousand, yoy + 3.1 per cent and 5.3 per cent, respectively, for general-purpose Mitsubishi sales of 1.49 million, yoy + 2 per cent; for commercial vehicles, the Ivekko Red Rock seizes the high-speed opportunities of the heavy card market and sells 30,000 vehicles cumulatively, yoy + 175 per cent, far exceeding the growth rate in the industry.
Profitful expectations: due to the end of the end of the 04 national car market, demand is expected to be released centrally, industry sales are expected to increase further, and annual sales are expected to increase on a monthly basis by the upper-car consortium and yoy.
People in Shanghai have come to Shanghai for common use.
General Mitsubishi, on the commercial car, the Schenwow bus.
♪ I'm going to be a star ♪ ♪ I'm going to be a star ♪ ♪ I'm going to be a star ♪ ♪ I'm going to be a star ♪
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: