This is a rapid increase in revenue, and sales costs have increased substantially over the same period. In the third quarter, the company actually increased by 8.08% over the same period, benefiting from the increase in the volume of joint ventures and self-owned brand models sold, the company’s revenues have continued their rapid growth since the second quarter.
It was the company’s three-quarter sales cost, which amounted to $16,017 million, an increase of 46.69 per cent, an increase of 1.44 percentage points, which affected the three-quarter profit growth rate. We believe that the increase in public sales costs was mainly due to the three-quarter re-entry of Takada’s airbags.
Increased marketing costs and higher transportation costs. It is expected that with the arrival of the marketing base (up-to-date) in the fourth quarter, corporate revenue will increase further and sales costs will increase as expected.
In the first three quarters, joint stock sales grew steadily. On the public side, cumulative sales in the previous three quarters amounted to 147.26 million vehicles, an increase of 3.12 per cent compared with the previous three quarters, of which car products, such as swirling and crossing, were sold.
Sold stable, providing firm performance support for the company: the new suv-swatl, Rouan, Kodiak markets perform robustly, and sales continue to climb up the slopes, which will effectively support the company’s performance in the future.
For the future, corporate profitability is expected to increase significantly. On the general side, major vehicle sales continued to be strong in the last three quarters; luxury branded Cadillac sales continued to increase, leading to an improvement in the structure of the company’s products.
The gradual release of sales and the listing of the new mpv model, gl6, the general sales and profitability are expected to increase. The Autonomous brand is expected to continue its rapid growth as it enters the new product cycle.
In the last three quarters, the sales amounted to 36,14,000 vehicles, an increase of 88.08 per cent over the same period. Eon Weirx5 has continued to sell, and it is a matter of concern that, after entering Beijing in July, Eun Wei's pure electric vehicle erx5 was filled with orders, which contributed significantly to the growth of Eun Wei's sales.
Release Eunirx5 continues at 425 km and supports fast-charged technology, subsidized at between $190,000 and $220,000, with high competitiveness and future sales worth looking forward to. At present, the auto brand is still in the new product cycle, and will be available in the future.
New models such as Lon Weirx3, rx8, the Lord's mg6 and new energy sources such as e-motion are on the market, and up-and-up sales are expected to continue at a fast pace against the backdrop of a slowdown in the entire industry as a result of next year's withdrawal of small-load acquisition tax preferences.
Market surpluses are 10, 9 and 8 times higher, respectively, and, given that corporate joint and autonomous brands are in a completely new product cycle, sales are expected to increase continuously, and future performance growth will be highly qualified. At the same time, companies maintain high annual dividends, secure margins, and long-term stability.
We maintain the company’s “carefully recommended” investment rating. This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company will not be treated as a customer by the recipient of this report.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position, and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, with regard to finance, where necessary.
Consult with professional consultants on legal, commercial, tax and other matters.