Uploading group (600104): Eon Weirx3 is on the market, and the autonomous brand is now on the market for the new Suv RX3 under the flag of the car.
This is a continuation of the Eunweirx5 design concept, which focuses on Internet cars. The new car is competitive, and it's likely to be hot for sale. Eunweirx3 is in size between rx5 and mgzs, located in a tight suv market, selling at a price range.
898-1358. For power, the new model provides a 1.3tdi turbo-pressure engine or a natural gas inhaler engine with a 6at transformer and a cvt no-grade transformer, respectively. For configuration, the new model continues to be used by the Rx5 model.
The concept of an Internet car, with the latest version of the Internet system working with Ali, has remote control, voice interaction, and access to payment treasures. At the same time, the rx3 label is equipped with a variety of human and technological configurations, and I have a value-for-money advantage at the same level.
The Rx3 model is considered to have a hot market situation in terms of product power versus brand power, creating a new growth space for the upper auto brand. Company fundamentals (update)
The new model of the car further enriches the array of branded glory products. It currently covers two major categories: cars and suv, where sedan products cover a00 to b-grades, while suv has only 5x1 models in sale. It benefits from recent years.
Rapidly marketed, it became the best-selling model of auto-owned brands, and the design of high-quality products and Internet genes further enriched the product matrix of the Everest brand. At the same time, the two models complement each other in terms of prices and are conducive to deep exploration.
• Autonomous brands enter the new product cycle and are expected to continue their growth at a high rate. In the first three quarters of the year, the number of auto-owned brands was 36.14 million, an increase of 88.08%.
It is a matter of concern to note that, after entering the subsidy list in Beijing in July, the erx5 was filled with orders, which contributed significantly to the increase in the sale of the vernacular model.
The price is between $190,000 and $220,000, and the future sales are worth looking forward to.
New energy models, like e-motion, are on the market, and in the context of a slowdown in industry as a result of next year's small-load acquisition tax concessions and the exit of the policy, the market gains are 10, 9 and 8 times higher, respectively, given the company's joint and autonomous brands.
In a new product cycle, sales are expected to continue to rise, and future performance growth will be characterized as strong. At the same time, companies maintain a high annual rate of bonus, secure margins, and long-term investment values.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purposes and financial resources of the persons obtaining the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.