The company issued a three-quarter report in 2017, with a total operating income of $608.50 billion in the previous three quarters, which is a year-on-year increase.
The company sold 4.82 million cars in the last three quarters, a 7.6 per cent increase from the previous three quarters, which was a near-double increase in sales from the main brand of new items, and the subsequent roll-out of majors 6 and rx3 and other models, which are expected to be renewed. The public will be able to launch multi-suv models like popular tharu, and the general upscaling will be added.
Multi-car types, such as Drakesuv, continue the cycle of joint venture ownership and grow performance over time. In 2018, vehicle acquisition tax concessions were withdrawn, industry competition increased, sales and performance were either further differentiated. Companies, as industry leaders, performed with a high degree of certainty and a high rate of dividends, were the preferred option for industry configuration, and continued to do so.
Performance increased steadily, with a slight increase in the Māori rate. The previous three quarters saw steady growth, with Māori rates increasing by 0.8 percentage points over the same period, but sales costs rose by 0.9 percentage points over the same period, while investments were expected to recover from higher Māori car heat sales due to high joint ventures.
In the last three quarters, the company sold 4.82 million cars, an increase of 7.6 per cent, an increase of 3.1 percentage points higher than the industry average.
2.0% of sales began to accelerate in the second half of the year, with up-scaling, up-scaling, up-scaling autonomy, up-scaling and up-scaling as high as 22.4%, 7.9%, 41.7%, and 8.8%, respectively, in September.
The new cycle of joint ventures has continued, with a high level of positive growth in 2018. In 2018, the use of vehicles for the purchase of vehicles, the withdrawal of tax incentives, increased competition in the industry, and the volume of sales and performance will be further differentiated.
Multi-supplier products such as tharu, Skodakaroq, and more multi-supplier products such as Cadillacs. The new cycle of joint ventures continued, with high performance growth in 2018. 1) Market competition increased and sales and profit margins declined; 2) raw materials and labour costs increased significantly.
Upwinding Group - Performance Matches Expectations, New Cycles Pushing No Up Group - Elephant Dances, Potentials
Car: The whole car, Jupon*