Uploading group (600104): The city of Cars has come in full season, and the leading position highlights the company's launch of the September Express, which achieved a sales volume of 665.3 million vehicles in September, compared to the major financial indicators (in millions of dollars)
In their view, the strong performance of up-market mass sales is partly due to the fact that the company's advance inventory was better off, and that the sales of cars, such as Landing and Ferry, continued to improve; and, on the other hand, the company's new suv model -- wayl, wayon, Codiaque -- performed well.
New sales growth is constantly contributing to the company. With the advent of the high season of automobile consumption in the fourth quarter, it is expected that popular brands will rise further, while company profitability is expected to increase significantly with the higher profits of suv-type bicycles such as Leon.
. ..in September, generalized gas sales were stable and the main vehicle pattern remained strong. In September, 18,670,000 vehicles were sold, an increase of 7.88 per cent compared to the previous year, and the ring grew by 13.24 per cent, while sales of major vehicles, such as upperweed and gl8, remained strong, with gl8 monthly sales.
At the same time, Luxury and Cadillac sales were strong, with over 16,000 in September, driving companies to improve their product structure.
The release and listing of the new mpv-type gl6, general and profitability stock market performance (the last year) – the monthly sale of autonomous brands has gone up by 50,000, and continues to grow at a very high rate.
In September, the brand sold 50 million vehicles, an increase of 41.65 per cent in the same year, and 23.02 per cent in the ring. In another month, Eon Weirx sold more than 25,000 vehicles, of which pure electric vehicle erx5 was fully loaded with orders after entering the Beijing subsidized catalogue in July.
The pure electric version of the Emerx5 cruise has reached 425 km, and supports fast-charged technology, subsidized at between $190,000 and $220,000, is more competitive, and future sales are to be expected. The auto brand is now completely new.
During the product cycle, new models such as rx3 and rx8 will be placed on the market in the future, and will continue to grow rapidly with the arrival of the season. The city gains are 10, 9 and 8 times higher, respectively, given the company’s joint and autonomous brands.
In a new product cycle, sales are expected to continue to rise, and future performance growth will be characterized as strong. At the same time, companies maintain a high annual rate of bonus, secure margins, and long-term investment values.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company does not consider it a customer because the recipient receives the report. The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the expression it expresses.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position, and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, with regard to finance, where necessary.
Consult with professional consultants on legal, commercial, tax and other matters.