He joined forces to build a retail stock tap, December 12, 2017, research assistant Ma Xiangyun.
Events: Business cooperation framework agreements between companies and business banks, with long-term, comprehensive and in-depth cooperation in eight areas: platform flow, information exchange, retail financial product sales, fund substitution, private banking, securities, trust management, etc.
• Complementarity in building new paradigms of deep cooperation between Internet technology and traditional finance: Eastern wealth as a financial leader in science and technology, with clear advantages in terms of information, fund exchange, Internet securities, online flow of resources, etc.; and business banks as the leader of traditional domestic finance, in banking, consumer finance, etc.
Business and offline customer resources have absolute advantages. Both parties are “weakly competitive and complementarities” from the business level and from the customer channel. Therefore, this cooperation will achieve excellence and complementarity, and is expected to be shared with clients, online channels are complementary and cross-cutting products and operations.
▪ Sharing the resources of business and industry banks, supersing existing online resource advantages, corporate retail securities taps are gradually being established: both sides will engage in platform-led collaboration, move in through business towns, interlocking operations, etc.
By the end of 2016, business banks had 530 million individual clients (of which 253 million e-porters), and business banks would have imported hundreds of millions of class customers into corporate business platforms.
Fast-tracking of corporate business, especially the increase in Internet stock market ownership, accelerates the establishment of corporate leadership in the field of Internet-based securities.
Complementarity, business banks and companies are expected to integrate their business effectively through joint credit cards, cross-cutting credit systems, and content cross-ing and setting together, to build integrated financial services that are closed, to create a client experience and to effectively enhance customer stickyness. The new version e-line platform has already brought Eastern wealth.
The opening transaction function has been successfully embedded, both in terms of the flow of wealth to the east from existing workers and in terms of enriching the scenes and functions of the e-business.  Investment proposal: this time, working with the industry, on the one hand, will allow for the mutual import of customers and, on the other hand, will be fully beneficial to both parties.
Rapidly increasing the market share of the company ' s retail securities business, and vice versa, through operational synergies, channels, 1. Eastern wealth: transferable approval, retailing and customer resource sharing, integrated financial services closed and customer sticky.
Corporate performance elasticity and valuation elasticity are evident for the best-growing technology coupons. Industry competition is expected to increase; 3) regulation is tightening to curb Internet financial innovation.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board