Transferable approved retail securities are expected to expand at an accelerated rate.
Millions of dollars will be spent entirely on operating funds to supplement the Eastern wealth securities of the subsidiary, of which 4 billion will be used for credit operations and 150 million for the creation of additional securities brokerage outlets. With the successful issuance of this debt transfer, net capital constraints on corporate credit expansion and network expansion will be further opened, and companies will be forced to pay for their credit expansion.
Brokering and blending markets are expected to increase at an accelerated rate.  Flow advantage + cost advantage, building up retail stock business: retail securities (brokers + binary) because of their standardized homogenization characteristics, the future industry trend is oligopoly, while flows
The fundamentals and cost advantages are two central advantages in the process of restructuring the industry. Eastern wealth has a natural advantage in both -- in terms of flow, the flow base of Eastern wealth networks is higher than that of traditional bond dealers; in this case, the Internet-based asset model makes the marginal cost of retail securities better for Eastern money than for all traditions.
As of October, the share of Eastern wealth securities brokers had reached 1.63 per cent, and has steadily increased over the past two years, surpassing medium-sized securities such as the booming industry and the treasury. We believe that the company retail securities industry, with its two natural advantages of flow and cost, combines flexible and positive private mechanisms.
It is hoped that this will continue to expand and become a leader in the industry. • The growing market share of retail securities, which underpins the growth of corporate profitability and performance, is a major turning point: as the market share of retail securities increases and the net profit scale of companies continues to rise
Heart trading has gradually shifted from fund sales to retail securities. The market niche in the area of fund sales has become stable, the performance of corporate fund sales has generally stabilized, and there is still much room for improvement in the stock market share of corporate securities, and the growth of future securities operations is expected to lead to a sustained release of performance.
So the shift in the corporate profitability model also leads to a major turn-around in the growth of corporate performance.  Investment proposal: In the current market pattern of retail securities, there is a sharp increase in the market share of the rich, far ahead, and companies’ performance is growing better than that of other traditional coupons.
1. Eastern wealth: leading flows, increasing competition in the ad hoc sector; 3) regulation is tightening to curb Internet financial innovation. Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory.