Eastern wealth (300059.sz)
In the third quarter, the company achieved operating income of 670 million yuan, compared with 580 million yuan in the previous period, an increase of 15.52 per cent over the same period last year, a decrease of 17.99 per cent in the previous three quarters, and a net profit of 197 million yuan. Companies issued non-publicly issued sub-bonds of up to RMB 5 billion (including RMB 5 billion).
The first issue was completed on 26 September 2017, with 1.2 billion yuan in nominal interest rates on the operating funds of vouchers, as well as the capital required to supplement Eastern wealth securities after conversion, in which Eastern wealth securities issued sub-debts and two-year income vouchers led to debt payables.
The previous three quarters saw a 17.99 per cent decline in business income relative to market performance (nearly 12 months), mainly as a result of the financial e-commerce service operations, which showed a breakdown of the product collection statements, which were affected by the decline in the second-tier market climate.
There was a slight increase in annual economic operations, interest income was charged to financing coupons, interest on buy-back sales, income increased by a certain amount over the same period, and there was a certain amount of recovery from other sub-operations, including asset management operations, futures economy operations, banking operations, financial consultants
In the first three quarters of the year, taxes and surcharges were reduced by 44 per cent, owing mainly to the increase in asset impairment losses of 338.64 per cent in the first three quarters of the year following the “replacement” of the company, owing to the higher exposure of the company's main business to the second-tier market climate.
In the first three quarters, investment returns increased by 44.12 per cent over the same period, mainly because of the return on investment in securities operations and the increase in the earnings of the investment consortium Shanghai Manado Financial Information Services Ltd.
The company’s profit rate has fallen slightly as a result of the decline in the industry’s climate, and as the industry’s climate has increased, the public dollar has maintained its “growth” rating. The industry’s climate has continued to decline, with a sharp decline in the product’s Māori rate.
Qualitative, product evaluation and strategy studies, keeping track of developments in the Fund’s industry, provide a more in-depth understanding of the characteristics of the public sector’s operations.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.