Chinese airship Shen Fei (600760.sh)
China’s air defence equipment is the main development base for China’s air defence equipment, known as “China’s first fleet of aircraft”, and its products include air defence equipment, civil aviation, and maintenance.
Market value (RM): $40.43, defense equipment for more than 70 years, the company's product witnessed a leap from one generation to four generations, and the company's performance increased steadily in 2017-2023 with the volume of aviation equipment installed.
(a) The United States Department of Defense plans to procure 2,456 F-35 aircraft at a total estimated acquisition cost of $39.78 billion;
35 Operational maintenance costs are about 3.57 times that of new aircraft, and our military aircraft maintain market space is vast. 2) Military trade or new blue sea, with higher profitability than internal sales: in 2023, the ratio of military trade to arms sales was about one third, and as of 5 August 2024, the United States of America f-35 was on hand order.
The price of military trade is much higher than the price of domestic sales for a single 35,542 aircraft; the company ' s four-generation aircraft, fc-31, is expected to be a new growth pole in company performance, such as in Dubai. 3) Civilian aircraft are expected to benefit fully from the air system, with 9284 aircraft receiving, and Shen's deep involvement in the 0919 supply chain.
(ii) Development generation: the fc-31 warplane developed by the company first flew in 2012, making us the second country in the world to develop two four-generation aircraft simultaneously, fc-
The next three are expected to cover the air force, the navy, and the military trade at the same time. 3) For the first generation: in response to the evolving pattern of “one-man-one-man” coordinated combat, the company continues to push for the next generation of main-power and drones, with two types of drones: the Sculptor, the Dark Sword.
Continuing reforms to build corporate growth sustainability: 1) Host “chain leaders” lead “small cores, big collaborations”: together with 601 institutions, among others, scientific institutes to create science, technology and innovation value sheets. Balanced delivery enhances corporate efficiency: the proportion of revenue collected by the quarter of 2017.
10.73 (ii) Promotion of “research, build, repair” integrated layouts: Replenishment of capital to the State House, development of $4.2 billion in additional funding to build productive capacity for the Shen Fei local relocation project, titanium alloys, composite materials, etc., with the expectation that the company's products will be scaled up.
The company’s profitability and efficiency are expected to increase continuously as a result of the equity incentive scheme. roe (belonging to the parent company) 61 times the value, taking into account the company’s scarcity and loading in the area of air equipment construction in the country.
Cover, give the "buy in" rating. Scan to get more services. Scan to get more services.
Swipe for more services 1 Chinese Shen Flying: First Chinese warplane, newer and more, 1.1 Chinese striker cradle, with operations covering the army, the population, and maintenance
China's Shen Fei (600,760) is one of the main bases for the development of air defence equipment and is known as the “first share of Chinese warplanes”: Shen Fei was founded in 1951 as a backbone of the Aviation Industry Group, which combines scientific research, production, testing, testing, flight testing and services, and one of the sites of the new Chinese aviation industry, which is known as the “China Striker Cradle”.
For more than 70 years, the company has been at the forefront of the country: 1) it is one of the manufacturers of air defence equipment, and since its inception it has been carrying out research and development tasks on our priority air defence equipment, growing up together with our aviation defence equipment industry and defence. 2) It is experienced in air defence.
A wealth of experience has been gained in the area of manufacturing equipment and civil aviation products, with a fully developed system of research and development, production, marketing and a national leadership in terms of process, technology, talent development and reserves.
REASON: Since 1956, from 5 to fc-31, these iconic works have witnessed the leaps of our strikers from one generation to four generations. 2) The company ' s civil aviation products consist mainly of aircraft components and related products: the companies are air passengers 220, Boeing 737, 757, 777/77x, 787 Chinese commercial aircraft, parts and components of civil aircraft, including c919, anrj21, etc.
3) Aviation maintenance: company services are guaranteed with technical support and service security capabilities such as retrofitting, composite materials non-destructive testing, aircraft maintenance, user training, spare parts maintenance, inspection specialists, etc., and with in-house company resources for emergency repairs, large-scale repairs, etc.
After more than 70 years of wind and rain, Shen Fei developed and produced more than 40 models, and thousands of strikers equipped with units to fill some of the gaps in defense construction. In 2017, Shen Fei's 100% equity was injected into the Chinese Navy seal (later renamed Chinese Shenzhen Flying), bringing the entire core of military and industrial assets to the market.
Stage of exhibition: In 2022, Shen Fei-China acquired 60% of Jiahang's shares and increased the sum of 200 million yuan, in 2023 Shen-Shen-Shin-yang's share, in the courthouse of Soyang, into a new phase of development of the “research and repair” integrated layout.
The company's ownership structure is clear, relying on the Air Industry Group, which is known as the “first share of a Chinese warplane.” Both the company's real owners and large shares are China Air Industry Group Ltd. (“Air Industries Group”), which as of 202401 held 68.54 per cent of the company's shares: it held 65.84 per cent of the company's shares directly and via air industry aircraft under the flag.
China Aviation Industries (Group) Ltd., known as “Aeronautical Industries Group” (AIG): formed on 6 November 2008 by the reorganization of the former Chinese Air Industry Group I and Group II companies. 1) The Aeronautical Industries Group has a full range of industries: it has air weapons equipment, military transport-type aircraft, helicopters, airborne systems, general aviation, aviation research and flights.
(b) Productions such as experiments, aviation supply chains and military trade, specialized equipment, auto parts, asset management, finance, engineering, etc.) are highly powerful: by the end of 2023, the aviation industry had over 100 member units, 25 listed public departments, with over 400,000 employees, and directly held 65.84 per cent of the company ' s shares.
As of 2024q1, there are six subsidiaries under the Chinese flag, covering the three main areas of “research, construction and repair”: 1) research: master: to be covered by the Shenyang State Institute: 2) building: Air defence equipment is mainly covered by Shen Fei Corporation: 3) repair: the Ministry of Public Navigation covers aircraft and on-board equipment, repairs to annexes of the Ministry of Aviation and spare parts.
Shen Fei Company: Main battalion operations include strikers (including special aircraft), drones, civilian aircraft spare parts, aircraft maintenance, etc. As of 2024q1, the company had fully held shares in Shen Fei Company.
On 24 June 2024, the company held 52.02 per cent of the shares of the company, Shenyang County Council: the company ' s shareholding subsidiary, the talent support centre, the technology innovation centre, the technology innovation centre and the results transformation centre established in Yang County, where the airline industry is located. As of 2024q1, the company held the Shenyang County Court.
Clock companies: Shen Fei's participating subsidiary, whose main business is the development, manufacture and sale of cable cables, with the advantage of a professional West design. As of 2023, Shen Fei held 39.34 per cent of the stockholdings of the cable companies. 1.2 The construction of equipment has generated high demand and firm growth in the company's performance.
In our view, both internal and external repairs are the main reasons for the high growth in corporate performance in recent years: 1) external factors: the company’s ability to seize the momentum of the aviation and equipment industry has been to promote major asset restructuring and raise private funds in 2017 in the amount of $1,644 million (the sum of billions is spent on projects such as the local relocation of Shen Fei’s company, and the scale effect has begun to emerge as capacity is released.
2) Inner factors: the company continues to promote the integration of the industrial chain, creating an integrated “research, build, and repair” layout, and is moving ahead with the introduction of the first restricted equity incentive scheme in 2018, with increasing efficiency in R & D, production, and management. A gradual demonstration of rising and scale effects is expected to lead to a further increase in corporate profitability in the future.
1.3 Sustained strengthening of R & D inputs, equity incentives to demonstrate long-term development confidence Continuous strengthening of R & D inputs, increasing numbers of R & D and increasing R & D rates: 1) The number of technicians must increase each year: 2017 - base, and the participants must have greater technological strength.
The research and development patterns of the generation, the generation, the batch, the continuous advancement of new machine pre-research, the development, the technological breakthrough, the continuous enhancement of core competitiveness, and the consolidation and expansion of market shares.
Votes (about 0.5%), granting and unlocking conditions set targets such as net asset yields, net profit compound growth rates, and economic value addition. We believe that companies’ continued promotion of equity incentives helps to stimulate corporate directors, executives, core management, and technical cadres, on the one hand, and demonstrates confidence in firm’s long-term sound development, on the other.
The build-up of equipment has generated a high demand, the model has created a long-term development space 2.1, the naval construction has accelerated, the equipment has been upgraded, and the build-up of the bulk loads has generated a high demand The People's Air Force: a 100-year goal of the build-up force, the acceleration of the production of new types of combat power, and the strategic transformation has opened up the "accelerated running" process.
1) The Air Force Transformation: Transition from the Tactical Air Force to the Strategic Air Force. According to the LAF, since the Party ' s eighteenth year, the Chairman has launched a great call to accelerate the construction of an Air Force that is all-out, defensive and equipped with a strong people ' s air force, giving clear direction to the transformation of the Air Force. 2) The Strategic Air Force: is able to carry out an independent combat mission in an independent strategic direction, strategic bombing, battle.
Tactical bombing, or shooting, transport, dropping or landing, can be accompanied by an attack on the air, the sea, and the ground, capable of occupying and achieving large-scale, trans-geographical air mobility. 3) The Chinese Air Force has historically crossed the strategic air force threshold: according to military news, on 31 August 2021, the theme was "Twenty-Fifty Art and Peace Sky".
At the 13th China Air Fair press conference, the Chinese Air Force news spokesman, Colonel Shin Jinko, stated that the Chinese Air Force had historically crossed the strategic air force threshold. The construction of our air force modernization was divided into “three steps”: 1) first step: basic entry into the strategic air force threshold by 2020.
(ii) Step two: build on the 2020 target and build a new military force structure for the air force and contribute to a significant increase in the strategic capabilities of the air force;
Over a period of time, the military doctrine, organization, military personnel, weapons and equipment of the air force will be completely modernized, and the strategic transformation of the air force will be largely completed.
Figure 15: China's Strategic Air Force “Three Steps” Phase II: Preliminary by 2035
Phase three: a modern strategic air force by mid-century and a world-class strategic air force.
▪ To build further a new military force system for the air force, to become an overall force capable of supporting the status and national recovery of the major powers, and to promote a significant increase in the strategic capabilities of the air force;
The power of the air force, for a period of time, to achieve full air force military doctrine, organization, military personnel, weapons and equipment.
Phase I: Base by 2020 Ben crossed the strategic air force threshold.
▪ Initial construction of a strategic air force structure “one sky, one attack and one attack” with four generations of equipment as the backbone. Three generations of equipment as the backbone of a weapons-equipment system, no
In July 2023, on the occasion of the Air Force ' s open air campaign, the Changchun Air Fair, the first time in the year 2020 was quadruple.
A demonstration of a fleet-type mobile flight, the first oil-carrying with a “five-to-five” image, the first airing of a “five-to-one” image, the first air-to-air demonstration by a “five-to-one” aircraft, and the first-time “one-to-one-one-to-one” air-to-one-one-one-to-one” demonstration by a “five-to-one-to-one-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one” aircraft. 2) New equipment to generate a new type of combat force that will provide a solid force to the air force to meet its planned goal of 100-year-long military build-up: the aviation force system to combat, distant areas
Air control and other capabilities are constantly being developed, and surface and air missiles form a combined air defence system with long- and near-range, low-level high schools, and early warning radars are gradually expanding into new areas. (3) We believe that weapons construction is an important part of the construction of our strategic air force, and that new types of equipment are expected to be assembled in quantities in the future, leading to a strong demand for air defence equipment.
The algebra has time-to-war features, the overall aerodynamic layout.
In comparison with the United States and Russia, there is a large gap between the number of our military aircraft and the number of their intergenerational presence.) In terms of numbers, the total number of our military aircraft remains at this stage.
About a quarter of the United States: according to Worldairforces 2024, in 2023 there were 53401 military aircraft in service worldwide, of which 13209, or 25 per cent, were in service, ranking first in the world; 4255 Russian military aircraft in service, ranked second in the world, or 8 per cent; and 3304 Chinese military aircraft in service, ranked third in the world.
2) Intergenerationally, the share of our new generation of fighters is significantly lower than in the United States. According to Worldairforces 2024, the share of our older second-generation aircraft in active combat aircraft, represented by thugs-7/8, was still as high as 46% as of 2023, while the three-generation aircraft, represented by thugs-10/11/15, was 52%, compared to the last four-generation aircraft, accounting for only 2%; and the United States was no longer in active service.
Figure 18: There is still a gap between our fourth generation and the United States in terms of numbers, with a clear and bright goal of achieving a world-class navy. 1) The strategy of the new Chinese Navy has undergone many changes: successive times.
Since the 18th Congress of the Party, Chairman Xi has developed a series of strategies for the construction and long-term development of the people's navy: underscoring that “building a strong and modern navy is an important symbol of building a world's first-class army and building a powerful maritime power.
Strategic support is an essential part of the realization of the Chinese dream of the great revival of the Chinese nation.” “The task of building a strong people's navy has never been more urgent in the march of the new era, in the struggle for the great revival of the Chinese nation today.
During this period, the Yellowwater Navy developed a light force focused on “air, dive, fast” to assist the army in its strategic mission of “inshore defence” against threats from the sea. (2) During the second period, “Green Water Navy” developed a medium-sized force focused on “medium-sized missile ships”, opening up an independent maritime battlefield from “inshore defence” to “inshore defence”
3) During the third period, the “Blue Sea Army” developed a large force focused on the “massive carrier formations, nuclear submarines” and further expanded the strategic defence depth to achieve a strategic shift from “inshore defense” to “out-of-the-sea escort.” Since the Party’s eighteenth year, China’s new naval force has been building up at an increasing rate: 1) led by the fourth generation of equipment,
The third generation of modern-day People's Navys are forming: aircraft carriers, new strategic nuclear submarines, tons-class destroyers, heavy-strength ships, amphibious attack ships, integrated supply ships, and the bulk delivery of fighter aircraft, early warning aircraft and helicopters on board, without the interruption of the addition of new members.
The mother is an important symbol of the strength of the nation, and the aircraft on board is equipped with operational capabilities such as sea, air, anti-submarine, early warning, and electronic warfare. On 25 September 2012, our first carrier, Liaoning, was delivered to the Navy: on 17 December 2019, our first national carrier, Toto Shan, was connected; and on 17 June 2022, our first electromagnetic carrier, Fujian, was killed.
Name: Faojian, April 2024; Fukuyan, 8 May, completed the first navigational test mission. Figure 21: China Navy, Fujian, under the first voyage test. Chart 20: Shandong, beheading.
The aircraft is the carrier's soul, and its performance as a carrier's means of warfare determines the carrier's combat power: 1) the larger the carrier's capacity, the larger the aircraft's capacity: according to the Military High-Tech Online public, with the carrier's support as a base for landing, maintenance and supplementation, the combat radius on board has been expanded to more than 1,000 km, and
Further expansion can be achieved by refuelling by air: the presence of carriers and aircraft, which redefines the requirements of modern naval warfare for sustained and multi-modal warfare. 2) Early (pre- and post-Second World War II) aircraft are basically the same as other aircraft, with supersonic speeds, aircraft and nuclear carriers, carrier tactical theory matures and more sophisticated tactics are proposed for aircraft.
Indicator 3. At the same time, the carrier ' s available space, the sea-surface take-off environment and the natural environment are worse than land, and therefore the aircraft are more demanding. As the carrier ' s core strike force, the aircraft are used primarily to attack air, surface and ground targets. 1) It is the sea.
One of the main means of warfare for military aviation is also an important force in seizing and maintaining air power and sea power on the battlefields of the sea.2 Currently, there are 11 countries with aircraft carriers in the world, but not many that are able to independently develop fighter aircraft, with the exception of China ' s Dynamite-15, the world 's active carrier aircraft carrying f/a-18e/f 'Super Hornets', f-
35b, f-35c, wind-m, Sou-33, MiG-29k, f/a-xx, ha, etc. Chart 23: The United States Navy has a strong maritime advantage with almost half of the total number of marine carriers worldwide: 1)
On 31 January 2024, the National Defense News reported that the United States Navy had 11 carriers, including 10 Nimitz-class carriers and one Ford-class carrier. 2) The aircraft was the carrier's weapon and its performance determined the carrier's operational capability: the larger the carrier's capacity, the larger the aircraft, the greater the operational capability.
In contrast to the power carrier, which can fly about 100 aircraft of all types, our navy has only just begun its great journey to deep blue. According to the Jane Warship Yearbook (2019-2020): Nimitz class carrier aircraft are configured according to mission type, typically as follows: 44 f/a-18c/e/f “large”
Hornet carrier combat/attack aircraft, 5 ea-18g “growler” electronic warfare aircraft, 4 e-20/2d “hawkeyeye” alert machine, mh-60s “seahawk” multi-purpose helicopter, mh-60r “seahawk” special-purpose helicopter, hh-60h “seahawk” combat search and rescue
/ Special Operational Support Helicopters. “Fort” class carrier aircraft will be configured to include more than 75 aircraft of the following types, depending on the type of mission: f-350 “Molniya ii” (lighting) joint attack fighter aircraft, f/a-18e/f “hornet”
Combat/attack aircraft, ea-18g “growler” electronic warfare aircraft, e-2d “hawkeve” alert machine, mh-60s “seahawk” multi-purpose helicopter, mh-60r “seahawk” special helicopter, mq-25a “stingray” unmanned refuelling aircraft.
The typical configuration of the United States carrier in 2040 may include a variety of options: according to the “China Ship Research” micro-public, the current typical configuration of the United States naval carrier is 44 f/a-18e/f combat attack aircraft, 5 ea-18g electronic warfare aircraft, 4 e-2d early warning aircraft, 11 mh-60r/s helicopters. Of this, f/a-18e/f has passed half of his service life, although the “services” has been activated.
The length of service is extended”, but it is highly likely to be withdrawn from active service in 2040: ea-18g, e-2d, mh-60r/s is still in bulk deployment phase; f-35c fighter jets were in service in 2019, Mq-25a unmanned refuelling aircraft are expected to be in service around 2025, and f/a-year typical configurations may include long-range combat, attack and balance models.
75 long-range combat aircraft: 10 F-35c combat aircraft, 10 F/a-xx combat attack aircraft, 18 long-range helicopter mh-60r/s, 2 marine expedition drones (mux), 73 attack type: 20 F-35c combat aircraft, 8 F/a-18e/f combat attack aircraft, 10 F/a-xx
Combat attack aircraft, 6 ea-18g, 6 e-2d, 12 UAVs, 11 mh-60r/s helicopters, long-range unmanned combat aircraft, 6 ea-18g, 6 e-2d, 12 UAVs
Aircraft, 11 mh-60r/s helicopters. 18e/f combat attack aircraft, 10 f/a-xx aviation equipment system, i.e., mass deployment f-35c, phased out f/a-18e/f by f/a-xx
Combat attack aircraft, six ea-18g electronic warfare, offensive air defence and defensive air defence missions.
However, fleet intelligence surveillance and surveillance capabilities are inadequate and may require land-based and space-based systems to support human refuelling aircraft, 11 mh-60r/s helicopters, 20 f-35c fighter aircraft, 6 f/a-
18e/f or f/a-xx combat attack aircraft;12 the programme takes into account current research and development plans and future operational requirements, maintaining the normal deployment of F-35c fighter aircraft with long-range unmanned aerial vehicles, 6 ea-18g deployments, decommissioned old f/a-18e/f combat aircraft, carrying out offensive tasks through the deployment of long-range unmanned combat aircraft, 6 e-2d early warning aircraft, defensive air defence and intelligence surveillance reconnaissance, etc., with a limited number of f/a-xx taking on offensive tasks
12 UAVs, 11 mh-60r/s anti-aircraft missions, the core combat force of the aviation equipment system remains the medium-range air defence mission with the help of f-350 Helicopter 2.2 The United States Department of Defense plans to procure 2,456 f-35, with market space of approximately $39.78 billion
f-35-lightingii is the most advanced and expensive weapon system in the United States Department of Defense (dod): 1) According to Gao, the f-35s consist of three types: f-35a (use by air force), f-35b (use by marines), f-35c (on 5 February, over 1,000 aircraft have been delivered globally, with a cumulative flight of over 889,000 hours and cumulative training
Trained over 2,540 pilots and 16,690 maintenance personnel. f-35a - Air Force conventional take-off and landing (ctol) version: US Air Force (usaf) plans to procure 1763 f-35a, f-35a conventional take-off and landing versions of F-35 aircraft, which will replace the United States Air Force F-16 fighter jets and a-10 offensive
Snipers, intended to be a more economical complement to the United States Air Force ' s f-22 Raptor advantage aircraft. f-35b -- Marines stovl version: US Marines plan to purchase 353 f-35b, f-35b short-range take-off and vertical landing (stovl) versions of f-35, and f-35b will replace the Marines 'v-8b'.
The United States Navy plans to operate in the future in f/a-18e/f (the United States Navy has been operating since FY1997).
A combined fleet of f-35c aircraft. Figure 27: F-35 Models
f-35 aircraft in low-speed initial production (lrip) mode and agreement has been reached on 17 batches: 1) according to Lockheed Martin, on 30 December 2022, the Office of Joint Project f-35 and Lockheed Martin finalized contracts for the production and delivery of 398 f-35 aircraft valued at $30 billion, including 15 or 16 batches of United States and international aircraft
Partners and foreign military sales of (fms) aircraft, and 17 series of contractual options, 15, 16 and 17, comprising 145, 127 and 126 aircraft, respectively. 2) The 12-14th series (f-35) comprised a total of 478 aircraft with a total value of $34 billion, including 351 F-35a, 86 F-35b, 41 F-35c, by region, United States, international cooperation
Batchf-35a/b/c prices were $77.9, $101.3, 94.4 million, a decrease of 12.8 per cent, 12.3 per cent and 13.2 per cent, respectively, compared to the eleventh instalment unit price.
According to data in document f-35jointstriker (jsf)program, the procurement plan for f-35 includes the procurement of a total of 2,470 aircraft for the United States Air Force, the Marine Corps, and the Navy, including 14 batches and 2,456 batches. Of these, the Air Force procured 1763 f-35a marines.
Procurement of 353 f-35b and 67 f-35c, and procurement of 273 f-35c by the Navy. As of December 2019, the estimated total acquisition cost was approximately $39.78 billion (based on constant 2012 fiscal year inflation adjusted).
As described in Program, 1) US Air Force: US Department of Defense planned to increase the procurement rate for the Air Force f-35a to 80/year by 2015 and to complete the procurement plan for 1,763 f-35a by around 2034, followed by US Air Force plans to set the procurement volume at 48/year starting in 2020. 2) US Marine Corps and Navy: US Department of Defense considered that
Procurement of 680 f-35b/c was completed around the fiscal year, while the budget for the 2022 fiscal year showed a combined productivity of 37 F-35b/c in 2022. 3) On 23 March 2020, the United States Marines launched the New Forces Design Initiative, which reduced the main aircraft authorization (paa) of the United States Marine Corps ' s F-35 squadron from 16 to 10, which affected the proposal
A total of 9 f-35b squadrons (an additional 2 active squadrons and 2 reserve squadrons are planned for 10paa).
The complete spectrum establishes a competitive edge for the company, and the demand for air, sea, and military trade is expected to bloom a little bit more: “Batch generation, develop generation, pre-create generation, explore generation”, the airline industry has made a historic leap from repair, mapping simulations to autonomous development and innovation. The company, as the main base for the development of our air defence equipment, has the completeness of one generation to four generations.
Spectrums, taking into account a variety of directions, such as air, sea, and military trade, have developed and produced a variety of types of aircraft. We believe that, as equipment development needs continue to evolve, equipment replacements are expected to increase at a sustained rate, and the company’s new model is expected to move gradually into the discharge sequence, thereby fully benefiting from the increased demand for air, sea, and military trade.
One batch of productive generation: three-generation aircraft is the main force in the current batch of production and production.
Sonic flight capability, equipped with multi-type air and anti-ship missiles, allows for air-to-air and sea battles. 2) With the Liaoning ship, the 15-th is the first battle sword of the Chinese Navy to reach deep blue: it was set up in 2003 and first flew in August 2009, and it was the first time that the carrier Liaoning had taken off and down in November 2012 and formally installed its troops in 2013.
15 pairs of U.S. f/a-18e/f “Super Hornets”: f/a-18e/f, the main blow and air advantage aircraft of the U.S. Navy, served in 1999 as a replacement for F-14 “Mothercats” aircraft: according to Worldairforces 2024, as of 2023, the U.S. Navy had 421/128 F/a-18e/f aircraft in service at
(b) Plug 15 with multiple derivatives: 1) 15s: According to the "Hugnan Army" public, 15s is a two-square warplane of the same type 15, using a two-square pattern. 2) 15d: Electronic attack aircraft, modified from a two-square combat aircraft of the 15s, converting the rear pilot to an electronic war operator, and also to the aircraft's aeronautical electronic system.
Adaptive improvements with cabin displays, data chains/communications systems, etc. (3) Dynamite 15t: Ejective carrier, which, according to the Global Times, quotes from Thedrive website, has an enhanced landing gear and a home-grown engine that can be taken off and dropped from the carrier with the ELM.
Chart 32: Dynamite-15 aircraft combined with carrier Pearl 16 are the new generation of double-hatted multi-purpose fighters whose service greatly enhances the combined operational capability of the Chinese Air Force: 1) Dynamite 16 are new types of aircraft with the characteristics of “three and a half generations”: improved development based on the 11 series of fighters
In 2008, the first flight in October 2011 and the next one in 2016, 2) the 16 battles were more effective than the 11th and 11b/bs: using a number of hidden designs, equipped with advanced air power systems, powerful firepower and excellent mobility. 3) The 16th and 20th battles were used in partnership, forming a powerful combination of air, sea and ground warfare.
It is expected that the air force will further enhance its air offensive and anti-aircraft advantage. The 16-gauge pair is the United States Air Force’s active main warplane f-15c/d/e/ex:f-15 is the representative aircraft of the three-generation aircraft, which was developed by McDougall, the first test flight in 1972 and the first production machine in 1974.
It is now exported to Japan, Israel, the Republic of Korea, Singapore, Saudi Arabia, etc. According to Worldairforces 2024 data, as of 2023, the U.S. Air Force was in service in the F15 series, including 377 f15c/e/ex, and 18 f15d (trainer).
The 16d warplane is a derivative of the 16th warship: the 16d is a new type of electronic warfare flight that we have built on the 16th platform, with the combined capability of detecting, attacking, and defending. As an electronic warplane, it is capable of operating in a seamless manner with other aircraft, forming a more complete system of aviation electronic warfare and improving the informationization of the People's Air Force.
Mission capability. Chart 34: Dynamite 16 " Dragons" Chart 35: U.S. F-15ex
2 Generation: Four generation aircraft covering the sea, air, military trade, or about to be placed in a volume category is a medium multi-purpose fourth generation warplane: the company developed and produced a warplane, making our country the second country in the world to be able to develop two four-generation aircraft at the same time.
Autonomous intellectual property rights (IPRs): with a normal layout of single, double-haired, outward-dip, fully-moved flattails, equipped with inner-loaded weapons, equipped with high-viability, multitask capability and high-value ratios. 2) Eagles started flying on October 19, 2009 and began flying on October 31, 2012 and opened in 2014 and are now out of the country.
Major international voyages such as Dubai, Paris, etc. 3 pre-studies, exploration generation: new models, drones are expected to open companies for long-term growth, “one-man-no-man” or will be at the core of future combat capability: the United States Navy launched the Naval Vision 2030-
2035, which states that “Next generation combat attack aircraft”f/a-xx will be at the core of a future fleet of manned-unmanned coordinated combat capabilities, and that the next generation of air advantages will include an unmanned platform with f/a-xx fighter aircraft for the `Quarterback', in which one person/unmanner plus “consumptionable components” will be used in a cross-cutting manner in order to achieve integration within tactical parameters.
The U.S. Navy has launched the Next Generation Combat Attacker project: on October 29, 2021, the U.S. Navy released the Naval Vision 2030-2035 document, revealing the concept of the Next Generation Combat Attacker.
New details: The document states that the f/a-xx “Next Generation Combat Attack” project was launched in 2008 and is a next generation shipboard project developed in parallel with the United States Air Force “Next Generation Aerial Strength” project, which is intended to replace the active f/a-18e/f “Super Hornet” combat attack machine, which is used in combination with the f-35c “Molniya” ii aircraft.
f/a-xx will form a “man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-all-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-all-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-to-man-man-man-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to
Man-man-manager system: one f/a-xx fighter aircraft controls four drones, including two air-type drones for attack (a/a), one support electronic combat drone (ew) and one command-and-control drone (c2), and the f/a-xx fighter aircraft is located in the centre of the attack formation and is in charge of directing and launching the attack.
Figure 38: Man-UAV co-operation models. Science, technology and innovation systems upgrades "main battles" and new capabilities move in parallel with "main battles", companies responding to the evolution of future battle models, companies continuously promoting next generation of major fighters and drones:
To continue the development of the next generation of major fighter jets: 1) The company is active in basic applied research, cutting-edge technological research, and continues to push for core key technological breakthroughs, driven by user demand. 2) The company has the capability of fast-testing of air defence equipment products at the heart of the Shenyang fast-testing machine. 3) Promotion of fund-raising projects: the company's work in 2017
Yearly, 1,668 million yuan was raised for a production capacity-building project for Shen Fei's new aircraft, which reached its intended operational status in 2022.
A strategic drone with a strong retention capability, a strong anti-hidden and information capability, not only capable of long cruises at high altitude, but also capable of detecting and attacking enemy hidden targets. 2) "Dark Sword" drones: a supersonic, super-motivated drone, developed by the company, is also a future drone in our country.
Supersonic, ultra-mobile and low-altitude detection. 2.4 The unit price of Ma & M aircraft is significantly higher than that of the home country, new growth in military or corporate performance is extremely high, military spending in the world ' s major countries is on the rise, and military spending is increasing year by year: 1) according to sipri data, full 2011-2023
The global military expenditure rose from $1.95 trillion to $2.39 trillion, compared to 1.7 per cent for cagr) in recent years, owing to the intensification of the game in the major Powers, the geopolitics and the fact that global military spending has entered a new high-growth cycle: according to the sipri data, global military spending rose from $2.16 trillion to $2.39 trillion in 2021-2023, compared to 5.2 per cent for cagr) and continued to rise in the United States, Russia and other countries:
According to sipri, the United States spent $8.801 billion in 2023 (+2.25 per cent) and Russia spent trillion yuan in 2022 and 2023, respectively, equivalent to some $216.5 billion (at the exchange rate of 1:7.16), less than a quarter of the United States.
Figure 43: Our military spending of 1.5 trillion yuan in 2023 is less than the United States (in billions of dollars, per cent) and the global volume of military trade is on the rise, with military aircraft as the first class of military trade: 1) tiv (trend-indicator)
Value, a common unit developed by sipri to measure international transfers of major conventional arms, is calculated on the basis of the cost of production in the known unit of the weapon, representing the trend in the transfer of military resources rather than the financial value of the transfer. 2) The size of the world ' s militarized market has a certain correlation with military spending: according to sipri data, global militarized trade 2001-2022
The value increased from 18,742 million tiv to 33,544 million tiv, compared with 2.8 per cent for cagr) and the median value of military aircraft in global military trade was higher: the value of military aircraft fluctuated between 35 and 51.3 per cent of global military trade in 2001-2022, beginning with the first product in the military trade; the share of military trade in global military trade in 2013-2021 was raised from 39.5 per cent to 39.5 per cent of global military trade value.
9.9 pct) or as a result of the outbreak of the conflict in the Russian Federation and the rise in the value of other types of weapons in the military trade, China ' s military trade exports have gradually increased in size and its share in the global trade in arms has gradually increased in size: 1) the overall increase in size: according to sipri data, China ' s total military trade in 2014-2023 was 16,687 million tiv, compared to the 10-year period 2004 - 2013
In recent years, China ' s military-trading exports have grown significantly: according to sipri, the value of China ' s military-trading exports rose from 700 million to 24.32 tiv in 2020-2023, and the value of the cagr was 51.5 per cent. 3) China ' s exports of military-trading exports have gradually increased as a percentage of the world: according to sipri, China ' s exports of military-trading have increased as a percentage of the world ' s exports from 2.8 per cent in 2001-2023.
To 8.4 per cent (+5.6 pct). Figure 46: China ' s exports of military trade increased from 700 million tiv between 2020 and 2023 to 2.8 per cent between 2001 and 2023
To 24.32 tiv.cagr, the customer structure of China ' s military trade was stable at 51.4 per cent, and the value of Pakistan ' s arms imports to China increased gradually: 1) according to sipri, the top three arms-importing countries in China were Pakistan (34 per cent), Bangladesh (14 per cent) and Thailand in 2014-2018.
China (3 per cent); China ' s top three arms-importing countries remained Pakistan (61 per cent), Bangladesh (11 per cent) and Thailand (6 per cent) in 2019-2023.2 Pakistan ' s imports into the country increased considerably: Pakistan imported 2.92 billion tiv to China in 2014-2018, compared to 4,966 million tiv in 2019-2023, an increase of approximately 69.86 per cent; this represents a proportional increase of 69.86 per cent.
The United States remains the first major exporter of military trade: according to the sipri Trendsinnationalamströmsfers, 2023, after 2023, the United States remains the world ' s largest major arms exporter, based on analysis of hand order data: as of March 2024, United States military trade orders included 1071 fighter jets, 390 helicopters, 8 main warships, etc.;
Next, France and Russia, with 94 fighter jets, eight major warships, etc., fourth in hand, frigates, submarines, etc., and three surface-to-air missiles, including a road-based system, excluding portable/super-short-range surface-to-air missiles, amounting to about 33 per cent of the United States dollar.
Aviation equipment was the main product of the United States company Lockheed Martin, which increased from $67,571 million in 2004-2023 to $67,571 million in 2004-2023 and 3.44 per cent in Cagr; of which the aviation equipment battalion increased from $11,785 million to f-35 becoming the first single item in the delivery of Lo Ma air equipment: 1) 2011-2022, f-35
Payments increased from 9 to 141 and accounted for 54 per cent of total aircraft delivery (+43pc), down from 98 (51 per cent) in 2023; 2) by 2023, Lo Ma had delivered a total of 993 F-35 series fighter aircraft. 3) In 2023, F-35 sales earned 26 per cent of Lo Ma ' s total revenue and received its aviation equipment.
Sixty-four per cent of the entry was approximately $17,583 million.52 F-35 became the first single item in the Loma aviation equipment (one. per cent), and the F-35 series has delivered more than 1,000 aircraft and cumulatively obtained a total of 3,542 orders from 19 countries.
Of these, f-35a/b/c series 2627, 575 and 340, respectively; 1763, 420 and 273 orders from the United States Air Force, Marine Corps and Navy, respectively, together amounted to 69 per cent, while the number of military trade orders amounted to 1,086. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The average price of the United States Air Force procurement of the f-35a aircraft in 2023-2025 was $100 million, respectively. 2) The price of the military trade was far higher than the price of domestic sales: in 2020, the United States sold the f-35 aircraft to Japan for 105 units at single prices.
$220 million, selling four f-35b aircraft to Singapore at a unit price of $690 million; and 2022-2024, selling f-35 in the United States to Germany, Korea and Greece at a unit price of $24, $200 million and $220 million, respectively, were significantly higher than the unit price of selling f-35 to the United States.
Using the advantage of the Eagle platform to build a military trade “box” product, “two markets for equipment of the first type”, the military trade is expected to be a new engine for growth in corporate performance. According to the Air Industry Sink, the company uses the “physical experience” as its entry point, the Union, the Company and the China and China Technology have set up the “King Eagle” military trade project, which has developed a development strategy of “me-led, proactive”
A solid step forward in the Shenyang region’s military-trading business has been taken by nurturing target clients. The fc-31 flight shows up at Dubai 2015: according to Chinese online news, on November 8, 2015 local time, Dubai, the United Arab Emirates, where the model of the Chinese airliner’s warplane is showing up on Dubai.
Daily news: fc-31 invisible fighter planes were shown at the Pearl Sea Fair. Chart 56: fc-31 aircraft displayed at the Pearl Sea Fair 2.5c919 into large-scale, mass production delivery, leading to trillion market demand
The global civil aviation demand is high, and China will be the largest single air market in the world: 1) the national aircraft market is over trillion dollars: according to the Chinese Business Flight Market Forecasts (2022-2041), our air market is projected to occupy more than 50 per cent of the space in the next 20 years. According to China Business Flight Forecasts, 2022-2041.
c 919 aircraft of equivalent class are expected to deliver 6288 aircraft (67.7 per cent) with a corresponding value of approximately $749.3 billion (51 per cent). 3) The organic structure market space is expected to reach $526.3 billion: according to the established industry research network data, the structure of the airframes accounts for about 36 per cent of the total machine value, and it can be measured that the structure market space is expected to reach $526.3 billion over the next 20 years.
From 1 to 100 mega-speeds, the c919 industrial chain is entering the gold eruption period: 1) Large national aircraft c919 have been developed, manufactured, documented, shipped “all-out”: tc, pc, ac seaworthiness certificates were obtained and delivered to China East Air from September to December 2022 respectively. 2) Business operations are good: According to the Washington Times, as of 28 May 2024, the T-boats had been received.
6 C919 aircraft: 5 C919 aircraft were on flight 2181 on 27 May 2024, on the first day of the first voyage and in follow-up to the Shanghai Rainbow Bridge in Chengdu, the Shanghai Rainbow Bridge in Beijing, the Shanghai Rainbow Bridge in Xianyang Xian, on three routes.
100 large-scale orders were signed with Chinese commercial flights. Shen was one of the main suppliers of the large national aircraft 0919: he undertook the construction of the front section of the aircraft, the apu hatch, the tailings, and the engine hanging workbags after Project 0919. 1) On 31 October 2014, Shen was successful in delivering the first c919
2) On April 20, 20, 2021, the Shen civilian aircraft flew to Chinese commerce and delivered the first batch of the C919 aircraft and the arj21 aircraftewis to optimize the batch configuration, marking a new milestone in the production of two aircraft:
After c 919, the aircraft’s front section was the first large completed component produced by the aircraft in bulk, and its successful delivery marked the start of the C919 mass production assembly. The arj21 aircraftewis configuration is an overall optimization of the aircraft’s electrical circuit interconnection system, thereby raising the reliability and maintenance of the aircraft and improving its economics.
Chart 60: The front of the plane after c919 The Shen is also an important supplier for the domestic sub-contracting of civil aircraft: the design production of the entire body of the a220 and the design of the mainstream advanced civil aircraft models a320 and a350; and Boeing is also an important supplier in China.
I.1) Airfarers: the a220 project, as a fully newly designed aircraft, filled the gap between the large single-channel and feeder aircraft of the Airfarer Company; the operating costs of the 100-150 aircraft were much lower than those of the other single-channel aircraft. Shen was a risk-cooperative supplier for the project, undertaking the design and production of the entire airframe, Shen Flying, August 2021, April 2012
2) Boeing: The Shen civilian aircraft has been the sole supplier of Boeing 777, 787 tails, and has taken over the production of spare parts for Boeing 737, 777, and 787.3 Supply chain upgrades + industrial chain integration + equity incentives, and ongoing reforms to create growth sustainability
3.1 The host “chain leader” leads the “small core, large collaboration”, balanced production promotes efficiency. The aviation industry forms a “small core, large collaboration” development pattern: when external collaboration reaches its desired state, the host plant theoretically retains only the design, assembly, test flight, and so forth.
At heart, all parts processing operations will be externalized; as aircraft spare parts products are standardized and scaled up, the upper- and upper-middle parts package will shift to external collaboration.
Together, the units involved in the industrial chain and the scientific research institutes set up a science, technology and innovation value platform to focus on the development of aviation weapons and cutting-edge technologies, to match the symbiosis of participants through the platform, and to improve technological progress and capabilities.
Integrated planning and construction of innovative platforms, such as technological engineering laboratories, joint laboratories, applied research centres, rapid acquisition of resources needed for corporate development: from advanced aeronautical manufacturing technologies such as smart assembly, production of additional materials, digital manufacturing, and the creation of advanced manufacturing technologies for defence science and technology industries — laser enrichment research application centres, aeronautical titanium
Innovative platforms such as the Alloy Component Manufacturing and Equipment Engineering Laboratory, the High Performance Aluminum Applied Research Joint Laboratory, the Aircraft Smart Apparel Joint Laboratory, and the Complex Structure High Performance Manufacturing Joint Laboratory focus on key technical issues.
As of September 13, 2023, the company had invested some $400 million in equipment and was working on a full-scale booster.
The project is expected to produce 1 billion yuan after the end of the post-partum period.
From `0118' to `23233' for balanced production for high-quality development: since 2017, the aviation industry has been focusing on and highlighting the development of military goods operations, advancing the development of military goods management to reform, and for the first time at the 2017 Aeronautical Industry Military Works Conference, promoting “equal production”, a model for the production and delivery of military goods characterized by “balanced production, agile delivery” has been established, and aviation workers have been involved in the production and delivery of military goods.
The level of balanced production of military goods is rising from year to year. Balanced production is an elevate and elevate concept. It is a typical practice of productive excellence: it requires coordinated resources, integrated planning, planning as a vehicle, decomposing the requirements of balanced production objectives, leading to orderly progress on the whole line of production, and the promotion of balanced production.
Corporate linkage procurement and sales implementation rates remained high: 2018-2023, 1) companies purchased from related parties the actual value of associated transactions such as raw materials, fuel, power, etc., which increased from $9,751 million to $21,927 million, and Cagr Shen Fei fully promoted process-based management integration and accelerated the move from “traditional workshops” to “process-chemical plants”
The shift has led to a significant improvement in the level of business management: full business process visibility, integration of business information and multi-management factor systems in the main value chain, gradual upgrading of the level of business management, progressive realization of balanced production from 1:2:3:4 to 1:3:3:3 and further to the qualitative development of balanced high-level production objectives from 1:2:3 to 2:2:3.
With negative losses of 10.14 million and 2.229 million respectively, since 2019, the net profits from quarterly returns have been balanced year by year.
Research 1: Replenishment of funding to the State Institute, promoting the synergy of the plant and setting up new markets for the future. Shenyang Institute of the Aviation Industry: “Bases for fighter design research, cradles of aviation excellence”: 1) Shenyang House was founded in New China: established in August 1961 and took over five departments, namely, Cho-Chi-11, Da-15, Four Generations and Unmanned Aircraft.
More than 40 countries have developed priority models for aeroweapons equipment, extending from second- and third-generation to fourth-generation aircraft, from land-based aircraft to aircraft on board, and from manned to drones. 2) Research and development capabilities are strong: Shenyang has four priority aviation science and technology experiments with airborne warfare systems, invisible technology, electromagnetic environmental effects, new conceptual structure of aircraft
The Shenyang State Institute is a subsidiary of Shenyang State Institute: 1) Main Operations: Design and Production of Unmanned Systems, Technology Development and Related Equipment in the General Aeronautical Fields, On-board System Design and Production, etc. 2) The Yang State House and Shenyang State House formed "one two"
In 2019, in order to continuously explore institutional innovations, Shenyang State established the Shenyang State House, a new organizational development architecture for “South Research, North Design” and a new technology development layout for “North and South, 1 region, Yangzhou and Shenyang” .
Figure 70: The Aviation Industry, Shenyang State House, 71: In 2019, Shenyang County State House was established with a refinancing component, and the company ' s capacity for innovation is expected to continue to improve: 1) August 2023, the company in cash
The sum of $160 million has been added to the Yangzhou Academy, of which $10.36 million is included in the register capital of the Yangzhou Academy, and the rest in the Capital Corporation, which, after the replenishment, holds a 34.12 per cent share in the Yangzhou House.) We believe that this transaction is expected to lead to a new air industry system in which the mainframe works in synergy with innovation and close linkages, and to strengthen business linkages and strategic cooperation between the company and Shenyang House and Yangzhou House: through this submission
Easy, companies are expected to be deeply involved in the Institute ' s technology development and product development, deepen their understanding of technological and equipment developments, streamline new technology engineering applications, sustain core key technology breakthroughs and pre-position emerging technologies and products.
(a) On 21 December 2017, the company launched a private equity fund of $1,644 million (net) to finance the recapitalization of major assets for the development of productive capacity in the Shen Fei Group new aircraft.
3) The construction of the project is expected to raise the level of development of the Shen Fei Group new aircraft: to enhance the means of development of new machines to meet the requirements of models and speedier development, through the implementation of the project, focusing on process and process consolidation during the testing of new machines and rapid response to development needs, which will increase efficiency in the development of the Shen Fei Group new aircraft.
1) In December 2023, the company issued a plan to raise up to $4.2 billion in funds for the local relocation of Shen Fei, capacity-building projects for composite materials production lines, capacity-building projects for titanium alloy production lines, and enhancement of aircraft maintenance services.
Projects, repayment of special-purpose debt and replenishment of liquidity. 2) We believe that through this fund-raising project, the company will be able to increase its capacity to produce and maintain air defence equipment, and to contribute to the global upgrading of the company ' s equipment system, industrial system, capability system, etc.
Upstream: assembly of raw materials, spare parts production and processing capacity, typologies, patches, equipment development and production. Promotion of capacity-building in composite materials production lines: the company plans to invest 486 million yuan (all-use investment funds) in composite materials production line capacity-building for a two-year construction period.
Internationally advanced and leading aviation composite material production lines, upgrading the company ' s advanced composite materials component manufacturing technology, strengthening the production capacity of critical composite materials spare parts, and safeguarding the company ' s production needs.
In view of the trend towards development, composite materials have a unique role in improving the aircraft ' s structure, lowering its weight and increasing its ability to remain invisible, and are widely used in aviation equipment and civil aviation products. (2) Complex materials applications have been gradually expanded: applications have been developed from non-intensible and enabler components of the aircraft to primary enablers, with light quantification, etc.
Large, holistic, high-performance development. Companies have a solid composite material technology base: they have a wealth of experience in research and development and production of composite materials, and they have accumulated strong technological strengths: they have developed autonomous, controllable technologies to automate the processing of composite materials and have significantly improved processing.
Efficiency, upgrading quality, liquid-forming rtm technology, automating the mix of glyclops and hides, complex formations, flexible cutting techniques, full-scale high-precision external detection techniques, etc. Capacity-building for titanium alloy production lines: the company intends to invest $355 million (all of the investment funds) in the Shenbei New Zone.
Capacity-building for the construction of titanium alloy production lines in the vacant industrial park, for a two-year construction period. This project will further meet the demand for new materials and technologies in the field of titanium production for future company-type research and aeronautics technology development, and upgrade existing titanium alloy processing and welding materials manufacturing techniques.
titanium alloy materials have greater application potential in aviation: titanium alloys become ideal structural materials in aviation because of their superior performance characteristics and have greater application potential in aviation. The development of new titanium alloy materials, the development and application of welding and processing processes, and the production of additional materials for complex components, research and development of low-cost manufacturing techniques and the development of low-cost manufacturing technologies
Applications will further meet aerotechnic and technological development needs such as hypervelocity, long-time, and hyper-distance, and will guarantee the production of aviation defence equipment for companies. The company ' s titanium alloy processing technology is robust, and the project is expected to enrich the relevant technological reserves: 1) the company is the aircraft titanium.
Gold Mainstream Manufacturers: has been tasked with the development of a number of titanium alloy components for aeronautics defence equipment. 2) Corporate scientific research production missions are increasingly in demand for light, efficient and high-temperature materials for aeronautics: new high-performance titanium alloys such as titanium composites, high-temperature titanium alloys, etc., are emerging and need to be further enriched with technological reserves in the detailed fields.
There is also an urgent need to upgrade the efficiency of processes such as thermal formation, hyperplastic formation, and to expand the form of incremental materials manufacturing techniques.
In February 2022, the company issued an announcement that the company's underline company was to replenish the fund by a private agreement and to introduce new shareholders through the replenishment: Shen Fei proposed to replenish the fund by $39 million in cash, and the new shareholder by $8.3466,000 in cash.) After the replenishment, the company was able to increase the fund by 10 million in cash.
Shen Fei’s stockholdings decreased from 52.58 per cent to 39.34 per cent, and BP shares held 43.51 per cent of the stockholdings, and this amortization of the assets contributed to compensating for the system’s integration and specialization of the companies, as well as upgrade of the company’s technology and capacity-building: 1) to enable the development of the airwes system within the Aeronautical Industries Group.
Strengths in the integration of development, production and market resources, and advancement of aeroline beam technology breakthroughs, industrial consolidation and critical technology development. 2) Wire beams are important suppliers of Shen Fei ' s aviation products, the main business is made of generic low-frequency wire beam products, and the Bozin shares are professional suppliers of electrical cables under the Aviation Industries Group, the main business is electrical cables
R & D, manufacturing, marketing has the advantage of professionalizing the West design. Deep progress has been made in the reform of the stock-in-stock companies and in the transfer of part of their assets to the company: 1) 28/10/2023. The announcement that Shen Fei intends to file with the Air Industry Group a portion of Shen Fei's fixed assets and land-use rights assessment
As a basis for pricing, the transfer of parts of Shenbei Park, ownership of equipment and land ownership (excluding intangible assets such as housing, equipment and intellectual property rights involved in the land) to the WikiLeaks Division by means of a non-public agreement transfer, at a cost not less than the assessed filing price of $68,736,000.
Part of the Department’s assets, in-depth push-line company reform. Downward to the centre: to advance the project for the professionalization of large aviation aircraft plus structural units, and the construction of the Shen Fei local relocation project. Preparation for the Shenyang Fine Manufacturing Company Ltd.: 1) 31 October 2022, Shen Fei Company and Shen Fei Company, wholly-owned subsidiary of the company
The Yangtze Group signed the Cooperation Agreement for the Project for the Specialization of the Large Aviation Aircraft Plus Structural Integration, which jointly prepared the Shenyang Production Precision Manufacturing Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the Advanced Production of Air Products”).2 The project was constructed in two phases: the first phase was the establishment of a sophisticated craft manufacturing facility, funded by the Shenyang Production Group (or a third party), which was responsible for the construction of the production line in accordance with Shen Fei's requirements.
Having established and obtained the full qualifications to become a qualified supplier to Shenyang Shipping Group, Shen Fei acquired the qualifications for the second phase of the ready-to-air production, and after completing the replenishment, Shen Fei held no less than 34 per cent of the shares and no more than 49 per cent of the assets acquired by Shen Fei with both physical and intangible assets.
The project will provide better infrastructure for the upgrading and expansion of the company’s facilities and facilities for research and production.
A good and safer pilot environment, taking into account urban development planning needs, further upgrades the company ' s capacity to secure scientific research and production tasks.3 Repairs: Replenishment Holdings Gircon, advancement of the Gircon reform, promotion of the first-class aviation maintenance flagship, acquisition of 60 per cent of Gircon ' s equity and promotion of its capital build-up, and construction of a maintenance system geared towards a full life cycle of equipment.) 2022
In April of that year, the company announced that it would purchase 60 per cent of Gilling Aviation Maintenance Limited at a price of US$ 1.66 million and increase it in cash by US$ 200 million: after the conclusion of the transaction, the company held 77.35 per cent of the equity in and became a controlling shareholder in KLA. 2) Promotion of GLAC ' s capital build-up: 23 April 2024, KLA and its former shareholders, Shenzhen and Shen Fei Company, New, New, New
To introduce the investor ' s Aeronautical Industries Industry Fund and the State Industry Investment Fund into the Replenishment Agreement, which will be divided between the two investors, not to increase the funding of the company with 200 million yuan and 100 million yuan.
“Cradle of Aeronautical Maintenance”: KAC was founded in 1956 and completed in 1958. It was originally known as the China People's Liberation Army (PRC) factory 5704: KJAC specializes in aviation maintenance and specializes in military aircraft, engines, onboard equipment, repair of accessories of the Ministry of Machinery (renovation), spare parts manufacturing and civilian aircraft maintenance services, and is an aviation industry system, and it is also a civil aircraft maintenance service.
The only major aviation maintenance enterprise in Jilin province with integrated military and civilian aircraft security capabilities. Construction of a maintenance system geared towards a full life cycle of equipment: the company, through the company, has accelerated the implementation of a project on capacity-building for aviation maintenance, accelerated capacity-building for bulk repair, directed to the level of security for integrated services and catered to different clients
Building a “1363” system of technical work to move three generations of machine maintenance and security capabilities to a new level: 1) Capacity-building for three generations of machine maintenance cores and capacity-building for capacity-building: increasing self-repair rates for three generations of machine products and strengthening companies
2) According to the Air Industry ' s Shen Flying Public, as of 19 June 2024, KAC had achieved self-rehabilitation rates of over 93 per cent for some three-generation machine products and over 70 per cent for some four-generation machine products; 95 per cent and 80 per cent, respectively, are projected to be self-made for more than 1,000 products, including rubber and spare parts, by 2025.
Figure 76: KAC is known as the “China Aviation Maintenance Cradle” Maintenance is an important part of the aircraft's life cycle.f-35 Operation and maintenance costs or will reach 3.57 times the cost of the new aircraft: according to the U.S.
According to a presentation by availabilityhavedecreased, the United States Department of Defense estimates that the cost of purchasing, operating and maintaining the f-35 project over its life cycle would exceed $2 trillion, of which the cost of acquisition (research and development and procurement costs) would be approximately $442 billion, while the cost of operation and maintenance would be $1.58 trillion.
The United States f-35 fleet maintenance costs have increased in random teams, with annual maintenance costs falling from year to year: 2018-2022, the value of single aircraft maintenance decreased from approximately $10 million to approximately $9.038 million.f-35 maintenance costs include operating and maintaining personnel, maintenance of aircraft and their components, and system modifications
Use: Ongoing support, maintenance and maintenance are the first and second largest cost components. Figure 78: Fleet maintenance costs from $2.2 billion for 2018-2022
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Indirectionssupport . informationsystems . installationandpersonnel
It's not like we're going to have to do this.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
It's not like I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
_Other Organiserunit-velperson
.depotmaintenance .optionsperson . unit-levelmaintenanceperson .
In our view, the company's capital build-up is expected to bring together the integrated industrial layout of “research, build, repair” and build a system of maintenance oriented to the full life cycle of equipment, which in the future is expected to benefit fully from the country's robust demand for maintenance of air defence equipment. 3.3 Implementation of equity incentives, with significant corporate efficiency gains,
In order to further improve corporate corporate governance structures and promote allocation mechanisms that combine corporate creation, sound incentives and constraints, and to enhance the motivation of corporate directors, executives and cadres, in 2018 the company launched the first draft of the Restricted Stock Incentive Scheme (No. 1), which is intended to award 3.171 million restricted shares to incentive recipients.
At the time the incentive scheme was signed, 0.227 per cent of the company ' s total equity of 1,397 million shares, the incentive was limited in principle to 12 directors and senior managers of listed companies, as well as 68 managerial and technical cadres with a direct impact on the performance and continued development of listed companies, for a total of 80 persons.
Award price and validity period: 22.53 yuan; date of award: 22 November 2018; valid: 5 years (60 months), including 2 years (24 months) of a no-sales period and 3 years (36 months) of a lockout period; performance assessment requirement: 1) unlocking period: 3 years (36 months) of a no-sell period is restricted stock if
(ii) Unlocking performance indicators: neither net profits attributable to shareholders of listed companies during the restricted stock locking period nor net profits attributable to shareholders of listed companies minus non-recurring gains or losses.
Lower than the average for the last three fiscal years before the award and no less than negative. Chart 80: Performance indicators for the period of the company ' s first restricted equity incentive plan unlocking1 requires a net asset return of not less than 6.50 per cent for the fiscal year prior to the unlocking date and no less than the 75-segment level for the firm;
(b) The completion of the target for a fiscal year (economic value added) prior to the release date met the test set by the group and eva was greater than zero.
1. A net asset return of not less than 7.50 per cent for the fiscal year preceding the unlockable date and not less than the 75-segment level for the target enterprise;2 A compound increase in net profit of not less than 10.5 per cent for the fiscal year prior to the unlocking fiscal year prior to the draft bulletin and not less than the 75-segment level for the target enterprise;
3. Completion of the target for unlockable annual (economic value added) in one fiscal year prior to the date of completion of the target set by the group and greater than 0 per cent in eva.1 Unlockable annual net asset return for the preceding fiscal year is no less than 8.50 per cent and no less than the 75-segment level for the target enterprises; third phase unlocking
2. The compound rate of net profit growth for the fiscal year preceding the unlockable fiscal year is not less than 11.0 per cent, and is not less than the 75-segment level for the target enterprises;
Figure 81: Stock Incentive Requirements for Roe and Real Value Chart 82: Stock Incentives Requirements for Net Profit Increases (Composite) and Real Values Launched in the Year of the Restricted Stock Incentives for the Shares of Shenfeng S.A. (Second Phase) (draft revision).
Incentives are intended to grant incentives of up to 98.826,000 restricted shares, accounting for the company's equity at the time of the announcement of the draft plan. Incentives are limited in principle to the directors of listed companies, 10 senior managers, and 214 managerial and technical cadres with a direct impact on the performance and continued development of listed companies, for a total of 224 persons.
Conditions of award: 1) The net asset return for the previous fiscal year was not less than 13.0 per cent at the time the company was awarded and was not less than the 50 rating level for the enterprise; 2) The net profit for the previous fiscal year was not less than 11.0 per cent per year at the time of the company ' s award and was not less than the 50 rating level for the firm; 3) the previous fiscal year was (economic value added) at the time of the company ' s award
The target achievement met the test set by the group company and was greater than 0 per cent. Unlocking period: 3 years (36 months) of a no-sale period were restricted stock unlocking periods. If the conditions set out in this incentive plan were met, the incentive audience was given three restricted stock break-offs of 33.3 per cent, 33.3 per cent and 33.3 per cent respectively.
The company's second restricted equity incentive scheme has been awarded for the first time: 1) award date: 17 March 2024; 2) award of income from the main battalion's operations: by type of product, the company's main business can be divided into aviation products, other operations and others.
The average perpene in 2024 is 54. The company, as the core supplier of air defence equipment, is complete with the model spectra, and with the first overlay, gives a "buy-in" rating.
1) Industrial policy risks: The company’s main business is made of aviation products, the main products of which are air defence equipment and civilian air vehicles, the core of which are air defence equipment. In recent years, the country has introduced a series of industrial policies aimed at promoting the restructuring and upgrading of the industry to which the company belongs. The company’s main business is closely related to the construction needs of the national defence force.
Future changes in industrial policy may have an uncertain impact on the company’s performance.2 Product-pricing risks: prices of company products and services are determined primarily on the basis of relevant national procurement pricing policies.
3) Quality control risks: The complex, demanding quality and high manufacturing techniques of the production process of an aviation product require that the R & D, production, detection, storage, transport and use processes focus on issues affecting the quality of the product. The company has established a quality management system in accordance with the relevant product quality standards and will continue to strengthen business management and ensure the effective functioning of the quality management system.
However, there are still factors affecting product quality, which may result in products not meeting quality requirements, leading to normal operations for companies