Lithium Industries (002460); Lithium Prices are so low that six months of performance, battery operations are an important addition.
The company is the world's leading producer of lithium compounds and metal lithium producers, covering upstream lithium extraction, middle- and metal lithium processing and downstream lithium battery production and production.
▪ The configuration of high-quality mineral resources continues to advance: companies continue to acquire high-quality upstream lithium resources and expand access to raw materials for recycling, among other important segments of the value chain.
The construction of the 40,000-ton battery-grade lithium carbonate project in the cauchari-laroz salt lake increased low-cost resource security. The former company had a total of 48.18 million tons of lithium and 2,059 million tons of equity resources.
The continued low price of lithium contributed to the low performance of the lithium product plate and the steady premium on the export of lithium hydroxide: the continued low price of lithium led to a decline in the profitability of the company ' s lithium product series, as reflected in a 21.25 per cent to 21.25 per cent drop in the income of the business block on a year-on-year basis.
On the one hand, the company's core product, battery-grade lithium hydroxide, was able to obtain a stable premium under the long-sheet pricing model as a result of entering the global chain of first-line battery manufacturers and mainframes. This was confirmed by the difference in the Māori rate between the sea and the sea in the first half of the year.
This is between 7.92 pct and 17.4% higher, mainly due to the release of tws batteries, which has reached the potential for a step-by-step increase in production. In addition, the 30 million annual fully automated polymer lithium battery production line and the 600 million-watt-hour high lithium-ion power cell project are expected to be successfully operational in the next 2-3 years.
The company plans to sign a partnership agreement with the Jiangt Electric power plant for the production of lithium salt, which will take over from 1 October 2020 to 31 March 2023.
The production line of 25,000 tons of lithium carbonate and 5,000 tons of lithium hydroxide is produced annually under the flag of Jiangte. On the basis of full production, the total net income for 2020-2022 amounted to approximately $3.7 billion (net of $192 million in co-management fees), which has a positive impact on overall performance.
The expansion of Salt Lake South America has been postponed, and the overall supply has slowed significantly; on the demand side, the new energy market in Europe has maintained high growth, and the domestic market has gradually improved. Lithium carbonate prices are now entering the cost zone of lithium quartz, leading the industry, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
East Hing Securities Company reports that the Lithium Lithium Industry (002460): Lithium prices are slowing down for the first half of the year, and battery operations are an important supplement.
The fourth place in the real estate industry. In 2016, he invests in the business of Sky-Eyed Real Estate.
Researching in the non-ferrous metals industry.
10 years of experience in financial derivatives research, investment, and team management, served as Chief Executive Officer of the East Hing Futures Investment Advisory Board and Head of the Non-ferrous Metals, Futures and Quantities Strategy Group; and as Investment Manager of the Invincing Young Fong Donghing Asset Management Programme.
Silver and Multimedia Copper Prizes for product text competitions; three prizes for market simulations for soybean futures at the Dalian Commodity Exchange, and Sino-Kin shares for market simulations. Author of contracts for Andeco, China Metals Bulletin, Economic Reference Paper, Futures Weather. 2018. Analyst's own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.