Company evaluation report  Non-ferrous metals, low lithium prices, low performance, industrial chain integration, the lithium industry (002460.sz)
(i) There was a marked improvement in the performance of Ng Jianjian (q2) with h1 being held up by the price of lithium salt.
The recovery of Ye Xiao Xiao has contributed to some extent (2 performance recovery). During this period, 2 net return profits increased by 246.51 per cent over the same period, owing to the fact that the company ' s management costs were not covered by the equity incentive costs for the current period.
50.26 per cent, we believe that the main reason for the sharp decline in the price of lithium salt compared to the same period last year. The data show that the price of battery-grade lithium carbonate and industrial lithium hydroxide has been down since 2018 and that, as of the current reporting period, the average price of the two is 2020h1, respectively, for the same period.
This increase should be due to the reorganization of the lithium lithium supply and lower prices, which have reduced the company ' s production costs, while the company ' s layout of tws has reached 100,000 to 120,000 daily batteries, with a gradual advantage of size (ii) positive up and down, and enhanced coordination between the entire industry chain ministries
As a world-renowned lithium eco-business, the company is still actively developing the upstream and downstream industries. Upstream, the company has a number of high-quality lithium mining resources in Australia, Argentina, Ireland, Mexico, the Netherlands and the Lithium America industry, as well as Argentina.
Mineraexar reached an agreement to hold lithium oxide production lines for Minaeexar and exarcapital, which are expected to be operational by the end of this year, while in the case of the active layout of the lithium battery operation, 100,000 to 120,000 lithiums per day were lost, in addition to the electron tws battery production.
The company is the leader of the lithium industry, rich in lithium resources and high capacity for lithium production, and the current business model will be vertically integrated through the upper-middle-downs. Despite the current relatively low price of lithium products, the new energy vehicle depends on lithium hydroxide batteries.
Lithium products are not priced as expected, projects are not advanced as expected and downstream orders are not ordered as expected.