The q2 performance of the Centre for Research on Resources and the Environment increased significantly, the vertical ecological chain was further improved The decline in lithium prices delayed performance and the performance of the q2 season improved significantly. 1) The price of lithium salt fell sharply and q2 was lifted out of the epidemic
The average price of 1h20 lithium carbonate/Lithium hydroxide has fallen by 40-44% over the same period, and has returned to normal, with a significant increase in income and performance. 2) Fair value changes and credit erosion gains. During the reporting period, the share price of the company ' s share participation in pilbara has resulted in a fair value of approximately $6,261 million
1. " Decline in profit by volume, q2 or change in performance " . But Australian mines have reached the cash cost line, and there is little room for continued decline, and the share price of pilbara has recovered before the price of lithium concentrate (51.5% increase recorded in q2 single season).
“The decline in lithium prices affected performance, the industrial map continued to be completed, with $6.386 million in impairment losses on investment and approximately $30 million in government grants.” The up-and-down layout continued, and the vertical ecological chain continued to improve during the reporting period.)
3. " The Global Lithium Trend " , which has been replenished by the Lithium Tracker, has raised the shareholding ratio to 51% and will be achieved, and construction of the cauchari-olaroz Salt Lake project will accelerate.
lce. 2) The company ' s 50,000-ton lithium hydroxide project is expected to be operational by 2020, which will result in 40.5 million tons of lithium carbonate, 81,000 tons of lithium hydroxide and 1600 tons of lithium metal production capacity. In addition, the company has signed an agreement with the Jiangt electric power plant to obtain 25,000 tons of lithium carbonate and 5,000 tons of lithium hydroxide production line operating rights
The rapid expansion of production capacity is expected to continue to raise the market share of the company, and the vanguard is expected to grow even further. 3) The electron tws battery has reached a daily rate of 100,000 to 120,000, the lithium battery has achieved a revenue of 1h20, and the lithium price is at the bottom of the area. There is limited scope for decline; and the premium for high-quality lithium hydroxide is expected to continue.
It has fallen to the bottom of history, even partially in the cash costs of producing mines, and there is limited scope for continuing to fall. Although the industry as a whole is still in surplus, the high-quality lithium hydroxide is still high.
The premium is expected to be maintained by higher requirements for lithium hydroxide quality, stability, low price sensitivity, stacking of high-end vehicle models, high-quality lithium hydroxide throughout the year or in a tight state.
Over-expected risk of supply: the risk of changes in policy and inventory factors: the risk of an epidemic impact exceeding expectations.