Researchchand developmentcenter Integrated Logistics Leader, Double-Tracking Values
– In-depth report by Hondo Holdings (002352), 20 October 2023 In-depth report by Hondo Holdings (002352.sz): Integrated Logistics
For 30 years, Hin Fung has moved from middle- and high-end couriers to integrated logistics leaders.
In addition to the continuous consolidation of real-time couriers, companies have diversified into new and emerging industries, such as fast, cold and medicine, combing, supply chains, and international, and since 2022 new operations have gradually reached their own market leadership, with a combined revenue ratio of more than 50% for the first time. Companies adhere to sustainable health development business strategies, facilitating through networks, etc.
Improved multi-dimensional performance benefits, such as optimization of business structures, with 23h1 net non-repatriate profits increasing by the same amount as the other round: economic turnover, fast transport, increased profits, improved business with the city, accompanied by a clear framework of smooth business patterns and three new business lines:
1) Economic operations return to focus camp. The product structure has been improved several times, with 21h2 consecutive clean-up of the preferential franchise and the removal of the loss-and-loss net in June 2323, leading to the hit of the electric trademark fast-forward system products; 2) fast-moving or accelerating the release of profits. From 22 years, the beneficiary network has been able to realize net profits of $28 million, grids.
At the industry level, the rapid pace of development in the same city, the metamorphosis order, the technology-enabling efficiency gains, the smooth running of business with the same city, 23h1 on average.
We expect to make a profit for 23 years, and cash flows are expected to hit the margins: cash for business is thicker, capital spending is narrow, free cash values are highlighted, production can be delivered in an orderly manner, capital spending is at a peak, and cash flows are expected to hit the margins:
1. At the resource level, the network is better structured and the logistics infrastructure is better structured, and deep barriers are being built. At the business development level, the ability of new businesses, such as fast-moving, colliding, and international, to climb up the slopes and have some autonomy, we analyze the company or move from the production and release cycle to return.
Intergenerational and forward-looking capital spending is either largely in place, with total capital expenditure projected to decline over 22 years in the year, and resource control precision inputs or driving capital expenditure to a further decline in income as a proportion of income; 3) improved cash flow for healthy operations. After removing non-business-related tax return factors, companies are free to pay.
Looking forward to a 49.8 per cent increase over the same period, we analyse that, while growth in the size of corporate operations is expected to result in a sustained increase in operating cash flows, corporate capital spending is either at a peak, future or gradual gains, and overall free cash flows are expected to continue to grow.
The airport is expected to generate excess gains, the Sunda Securities Co. Ltd., the revenue end, the aviation coverage drive up the stock of ground transportation, the billing rate and profitability.
There is still room for improvement: at the cost end, the main short-term impact is reflected in the transit centre ' s re-sustainability and the initial losses in the investment of cindasecuritiesco., ltd participation in the airport, etc., which we judge to be impact or limited, and the development of the medium- and long-term axiomatic irradiation network.
In the future, we believe that Shun Fong will build on the Orient Airport, with Gary's logistics as the starting point, and South-East Asia as the starting point.
The two sides of the coin, the run-off point and the cash-flow point highlight the fact that we believe that the current stock price margin is more secure, with a large medium- and long-term value range, and covers the first time that a “buy-in” rating has been given.
As a result, the company’s two-fold turning point and its two major expectations have been eliminated. With regard to the double turning point, we believe that the company has both business and cash-flow points, and that the economy, speed, and co-city have improved its profitability.
Business shopping stops, and business improvements that add up capital spending narrow to free cash flows. One of the two major prognostics, with regard to performance growth, is that the market is worried about the future growth of companies from a macro-demand perspective, but we believe that the growth in the statute of limitations volume, the economic and fast-moving improvements and the ease of access to the Internet can be expected to sustain relatively high profits; and the second is the state hub.
New York, where the market is concerned about the Australasia project or leads to a certain degree of pressure on corporate reporting, we believe that investment losses, cost discounts, and operational cost implications are limited or limited, while trans-shipment hubs are expected to boost the company ' s high-end product coverage.
In terms of the equity structure, the company’s founders and actual controllers indirectly controlled the surplus of nearly 55% of the stock through Shenzhen Myungde’s holdings. The equity structure has been concentrated and stable since the Shell came to the market.
The chain and the Garrett logistics, among others, cover each of the company’s major core business portfolios. Figure 1: The smooth-share structure (the top five shareholders) and the overview of major subsidiaries (up to 23h1) have been building up the bulk of courier operations to diversify the integrated logistics base.
Timeline: A deep barrier is built in the multi-dimensional dimensions of direct camping, aviation networks and end-of-service services, thanks to increased service experience and the expansion of the new power-market platform retreat, with 23h1-camp revenues growing by 13.8% to 56.7 billion yuan.
Economics: Under a differentiated competitive strategy, product structure continues to optimize the fast-growing volume of trademarks, with 23h1 battalions with a positive increase of 2.7 to 12.29 billion yuan in the same year, and we analyse the increased profitability. Fast-transport operations: benefiting from improved prices, network facilitation and improved technological performance, 23h1 fast-carrying operations with the same benefits
Cold transport and pharmaceutical operations: there is a clear competitive advantage in the company ' s co-ordinated and integrated supply chain, along with the extension of the service network and the increased concentration of the industry, with 23h1th battalion revenues increasing by 31.3 per cent to 5.33 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis.
The supply chain and international operations: Cali’s logistics and post-eco-curriculum were gradually improved in the fourth quarter of 21 years, but in the first half of 23 years, as a result of the downside of the international air traffic, the 23h1 battalion experienced a decline of 38.0% to 28.857 billion yuan in revenue on a year-on-year basis.
At the strategic level, since 2021, companies have promoted network accommodation, resource reuse, integration from the original four networks to multinetization (new Gary logistics, cold medicine, new summers, etc.), deepening and reducing efficiency gains to a significant extent, cutting off the losses of the polar rabbits in June 2023.
At the profit-making level, the net non-repatriation profits of 23h1 increased significantly by 72.5 per cent to $3.705 billion in the context of the weakening of the international freight market, the non-repatriated net interest rate increased by 1.3 pts to 3.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and high-quality income development and cost efficiency controls continued to materialize.
2.1 A clear framework for business patterns. Companies are committed to providing integrated domestic and international end-to-end logistics services.
1) A network, two products, three prescriptions: matching different product strategies based on different groups of guests, scenes, channels and flows, with a focus on the upper end of the spectrum, with the standard delivery products of the network divided into three main categories: ultra-fast, fast-track, economic, etc., in order to meet the diverse client needs.
2) Lead in the science and technology chassis industry, digitally driven by efficiency gains: company ownership in the development and development of smart supply chains that can cover business links and scenes, further facilitate information connectivity across the logistics chain, improve efficiency of the links and reduce their efficiency, 3) accelerated expansion of the global layout, and continued strengthening of international competitiveness: company introduction of the inner and continuous build-up fleet and the Orient airport hub
Newbureau, working together externally to achieve strategic synergies and synergies between international freight-forwarding networks, logistics infrastructure, b2b operations, etc. Figure 5: Corporate development strategies with a clear focus on three core areas
The framework of the company's current business pattern is becoming clearer. In the case of the time frame operations, the increase in the efficiency of the production capacity on the basis of a steady increase in income is driven by an increase in the productivity rate and a solid base; in other business areas, such as the economy, accelerated business improvements are expected under a streamlined client and product structure; in the case of large-scale fast-moving operations, the increase in the cost of network accommodation is expected to release profits; and in the case of supply chains and international operations, the increase in the cost of supply chain and international operations is expected to be released.
On the other hand, there is much space in the medium- and long-term in response to the trend of express delivery; on the other hand, there are 2.2 product structures that are driven by a variety of orders and technology, and economic operations are expected to shift upwards; on the other hand, the structure and stratification of economic products are expected to improve; and the business model is much clearer. In 2017, for the first time, the corporate economy was fully upgraded.
In April 2021, the system of corporate economic products was upgraded, using the two-brand business model of the Camp Plus Alliance and upgrading the original standard land transport operation to a “spirity-fast” product under the time-limited expressive operation, which also includes the main hit “electric trademark fast” (formerly the “preferential” product series's statute-of-duration upgrade) and the service location of high-end customers.
The tickets were billed at a single price higher than the market power provider) and “preferential approximation” (promoted in May 2019, positioning warehouse and mid- and low-end, timeliness and service standards were slightly lower than the electricity mark), while the accessions were mainly achieved by high-speed web traffic (which is the primary price for penetration), with brands distinguishing between service standards and pricing. The corporate product system was completely upgraded to incorporate standard land transport operations in the original economic products.
Starting in the second half of the year, companies emphasized differential competition, gradually adopted a narrow business-level model for low-Māori preferential products, and fully retired from the market in July of the year. In June 23, companies completed a 100 per cent sale of stock on the network, after which couriers will make a major effort to develop “electric trademark fast” and product-level focus on high-end directs, contributing to a steady increase in the profits of courier operations.
Table 1: Business development with a smooth economy with a focus on profits and benefits is expected to shift. Recapitulate the economy with many product adjustments in the past, reflecting changes in corporate development priorities on a side-by-side basis. From 20 years on, companies have tried to reabsorb the excess capacity of the whole network by refilling warehouses, joining alliances, etc., to absorb rapid growth.
But in the context of the ongoing high-pressure market competition, companies have taken the initiative to adjust their strategic direction to a narrow discount and low Māori customers, with a positive conversion of 21q4 direct-power items (excluding high-grids and storage) and a marked improvement in efficiency. In addition, the announcement was made in June to remove the loss-and-loss net (broadcasts for 22 years and so on).
The 23q1 network lost $747 million, or $143 million, respectively, and is expected to see a turnaround in economic operations this year. 2.3 The fast-moving pattern improves and adds up or accelerates the release of profits.
In March 2018, the company acquired the Consistency-based Guangdong Logistics Express at $1.7 billion, and established a “Swiss-Ass-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-Ass-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-Ass-Ass-As-Ass-As-Ass-Ass-As-As-Ass-Ass-As-Ass-As-Ass-As-Ass-As-Ass-As-Ass-As-Ass-As-Ass-As-As-As-Ass-As-Asss-Ass-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-A-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-Ass-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-
In 2019, a four-year-old straight-line model, the “Swiss Express” brand was officially launched, and a “Swiss-Ass-Ass-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-Ass-As-As-As-Ass-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-Ass-As-As-A, was launched. In 2020, the company continued to strengthen its line capital.
Source inputs, number of points and volume of goods are growing rapidly. In 2021, the company ' s annual zero-weight operations amounted to 14,650,000 tons, and for the first time it was on the top of the industry list (the combined think tank), and the zero-weight unit prices began to warm, with a marked improvement in the marginality of its operations.
After years of business incubation and operational chassis, Hondo has built up its leadership in the fast-moving market. The company’s direct-line network’s fast-moving operations are based on “continue to lead by statute, to stay by strategy”
In the first half of 2023, the company’s fast-track business model continued to grow, improving the quality of delivery through sustained investment of resources, while optimizing the cost structure, achieving profits with 2.4 diversification and technological empowerment, and reversing losses with 23H1 for the first time in the city.
In December 2021, the Hong Kong market went to Hong Kong. According to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the volume of orders delivered by third parties is still growing at a high rate, with a combined annual growth rate projected for 2020-2025.
40.1%, industry penetration or breakthrough of 20% in 2025, and the city has become the largest independent third-party instantaneous service provider in the country through years of high growth, with 15.6 million active consumers and 330,000 annual payers in 2022.
In our view, the difference between instantaneous distribution and traditional couriers is that there is a lightly funded business model.
Production operations, diversified demand, and time-sensitive features, while smoothing the network quickly with the experience of many years of express delivery, achieving rapid growth, building a b end-c full-cover product matrix, expanding service boundaries to meet the demands of diversification, continuously upgrading brands and services, and expanding the “half-day with the city” product to 130 cities in the first half of the year.
The construction of competitive barriers and the upgrading of specialized services by the Dovi divide have led to a strengthening of Shun Fong's leading position. Figure 13: The Shun Fong City Panorama Model covers four core scenes, orders for diversification are more resilient and technology empowerment is less efficient. Shun Fung's business is optimized on a continuous basis, with 23h1 being the first net profit for the mother.
We analyse three major drivers of good business with the city: 1) the advantages of scale are highlighted: benefits from the year-on-year growth in order orders, further release of firm economies of scale and network effects, and a continuing decline in unit performance costs; 2) diversity of order structures: companies actively explore new consumer ecology, continue to penetrate diverse scenarios, differential services pull high values
Single, the trend of multipolar growth engines continues to increase resilience; 3) S & T efficiency optimization: efficient and stable technological capabilities drive the integration of all-round operations, the efficient management of all-channel orders and the process, and a more efficient transport network.
Figure 17: Positive change in net home-to-home interest rate for Shunfong City (9699.hk) 3 cash-flow points: healthy operations, narrow capital spending, free cash values highlight 3.1 network layouts that are better, incremental output is available or will be reduced
In terms of both resource accumulation and business development, there are deep barriers to building a sound logistics infrastructure at the level of resource accumulation. Logistics resources can be divided into transport, air, etc., as well as office buildings, land, sorting centres, and so on.
By the end of 2022, there were 77 self-employed, 20 fully-owned, more than 29,000 domestic and 20,000 overseas networks, 39 hub-level transit sites, 304 sub-areas, approximately 95,000 self-employed and outsourced trunking vehicles and 2071 operating management warehouses.
Construction of a robust network operating chassis. Figure 18: Three networks of Skynet, Earthnet and Information Networks are becoming more robust. 2) Business development dimension, with incremental output delivery cycles or shrinking, and new operations gradually moving into a return cycle.
The ability to invest mainly around the statute of limitations, the high volume of high-scale equipment and transit inputs, but the capacity to invest in surplus, try to improve overall capacity utilization through low-māori-economy storage, and reduce resource duplication through web-consortization, highlighting the company’s productive life cycle or nearing completion. Moreover, forward-looking inputs based on long-term strategies drive fast movement, combing, combing, etc.
The productivity of new operations, such as international operations, has steadily advanced and now has some autonomous blood-building capacity to meet the financial inputs required for investment activities, and we have analysed companies or moved from a production-input to a return-in-return cycle.
3.2 Capital spending is gradually shrinking and the future layout is more structured by billions of dollars.
Liquidity replenishments and loan repayments, etc. A small proportion of inputs, such as science and technology, daily assets, etc. Figure 22: High decline in capital expenditure in the asset class of companies (in billions of yuan)
Since 2021, companies have maintained the business philosophy of sustainable and healthy development, continuing to deepen accommodation and reform, releasing synergies in the overall resources, refining the internal “blood-building” capability, and increasing the company’s profit-making cash ratio from 1.29 times in 2017 to 4.67 times in 2022, and removing tax and fee return factors unrelated to the ability to do business.
Looking to the future, we believe that the expansion of diversified and integrated logistics operations is expected to continue to enhance cash-generating capacity, and that cash retention capacity is equally strong, and companies’ ability to operate is expected to increase steadily. Healthy operations, combined with narrow capital spending, boost free cash flow growth.
Looking forward to a significant increase of 49.8 per cent over the same period, we analyse that while growth in the size of the company ' s operations is expected to lead to sustained growth in operating cash flows, while capital spending on the company has reached peaks, will continue to shrink, and overall free cash flows are expected to continue to grow. Figure 25: Positive growth after 22 years of positive growth in corporate free cash flows (millions of yuan, elimination of tax returns received)
4.1 Asia’s first cargo airport, the Oka State hub, is expected to deliver a significant amount of mail-to-mail throughput. The Oshishi Lake Airport is now operational, and the accompanying trans-shipments are about to be shipped.
After eight years of planning and delivery, the total investment in engineering was $30.84 billion, of which Hyo Fong Tyson held 46 per cent of the shares, in addition to the sum of $11.529 billion invested in the Ostate Airport Transit Centre. On November 27, 2022, the transfer was officially completed, with a total of nearly 50 international domestic freight routes, one of which is centred on Hoshishi State Lake Airport.
With Shenzhen, Beijing, Hangzhou and Chengdu airports serving as regional hubs, a “axis” cargo air network covering most of China's north, east and south China has been largely formed and, with the completion of the trans-shipment of cargo routes, the Hondo Transit Centre has gradually been put into operation, so that the Hwang Lake Airport Transit Centre will become the largest transit centre in the country.
State airports will have more airline connections to form an efficient logistics network covering the entire country. Orzhou airport will have 3.3 million tons of mail-to-mail traffic in 2030. As the country’s only hub for aviation logistics, and indeed in Asia, it has planned 1.5 million passenger tolls, 3.3 million tons of post-to-mail traffic, 92,000 aircraft flights in the near future.
20 million passengers, 9.8 million tons of mail and 270,000 aircraft flights in 2050. Figure 26: Uponwards to 3.3 million tons of mail and mail in 2030. Figure 27: Uponwards to 92,000 flights in 2030.
4.2 Short-term cost pressures for the project can be controlled without concern The participation in the airport has an impact or limited impact on the return on investment. According to the announcement, the airport is required to receive and qualify, and it can be re-established and depreciated.
At the end of the profit, the 23H1O airport investment loss ring was expanded by $23 million over 22h2, followed by a steady increase in post-mail traffic to scale effect, and we analysed the impact or limited impact on corporate investment returns. The transit centre’s short-term cost-end impact was also lower than expected.
The total size of the funds is 17,797 million yuan, comprising 2,516 million yuan for airport works, 11,529 million yuan for trans-shipment works, and 37.52 billion yuan for base works, of which the gains and losses on prior-equity investments in airports will be accounted for using the equity method (not included in the table), and we anticipate and table part of the cost implications mainly for transit centres, taking into account the actual life of the general airport for more than 50 years.
The depreciation period is 30 years (the expected useful life of the home and the building is 10-50 years) and is expected to affect the cost or approximately 384 million yuan per annum, with cost pressures or overall controllability.
4.3 Increased aviation package coverage is expected to lead to a profit increase at the revenue end, with the increased aviation coverage driving the upgrading of the ground transportation fleet. With the input of the Orzhou Airport Transit Centre, the hub will gradually move to the central sector to further increase the area of air express coverage, with 44 countries already in operation as of 17 October 23rd year.
Intra-shipment routes. We expect that the time frame for the encryption of routes will be strengthened, that the time limit will be raised or that the current stock of the cities will be pushed up to high-value air speeds, thereby contributing to a further increase in the regional billing unit price and profitability. According to the company ' s 2022 submission, the next morning city is expected to be upgraded from the original 20 to more than 20, following a shift in the link between the Orzhou hub.
Cost ends, loading rates and the efficiency of the network are increased or reduced. Compared to the “point-to-point” network, the “axis-based” network is centred on the State Airport, with 1.5-2 flight hours covering 90 per cent of the country's economic population, with a significant increase in loading rates and stability by means of integrated loading, sorting, dispatching, distribution, maximizing the efficiency of the network leading to a reduction in the cost of the medium- and long-term tons of kilometres.
The site analysis inspired the improvement of the air cargo hub network, and the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre 4.4 is based on Ori State Airport, with Gary's logistics as its target, and the internationalization strategy is steadily moving forward, with Ori State Airport as its wing, connecting to the global network.
Logistics, accelerating the implementation of the “fast delivery” strategy, with 32.8% of corporate supply chain and international business revenues in 2022, and the second line ready to go. At the Toyo State Lake Flowers Airport, smooth and fast-tracked the construction of a global network of routes, and international operations re-emerged. According to the Government Report on the Work of the City of Okzhou, January 2022, the opening of an international freight route is planned for the next five years.
At the end of September 2021, Hyoto acquired about 51.5% of the stock of JHK$ 17.6 billion, relying on its sound Asian logistics facilities, mature land transport networks, and localized courier operations experience and resources, through two years of deep cooperation in cross-selling, joint product development, etc.
In July of 23, HSBC plans to buy up up to HK$ 250 million for a number of courier-based subsidiaries in J.A. and Europe, accelerating the integration of international operations on both sides, with South-East Asia as a support point, to strengthen the global network.
Figure 35: Sufficiency International Business Development Plan, 5 Profit Forecasts, Valuation and Investment Ratings, based on an analysis of the drivers of growth of integrated logistics operations in companies, we make the following key assumptions:
Taking into account the fact that the company's operations are affected by medium- and high-end consumption repairs, higher re-supplier penetration rates, economic growth of the power-market platform, and assuming that the company's billing prices are steadily increasing each year, the state project promotes the upgrading of time-limited products, the restructuring of the economy's products, and the improvement in the pattern of straight-on-speed competition.
Considering the level of cross-border air and sea logistics, assuming that the company ' s international and supply chain operations will generate revenue separately from 2023-2025, considering other non-logistic operations, mainly material sales, assuming relative stability.
We believe that, on the one hand, the company’s time-limited operations are being used more productively, and that the profit margin is expected to be more than expected to increase the profit-driven elasticity; on the other hand, new business operations such as electrical appliances, large-scale fast shipments and co-city operations are expected to continue to be better. Thus, divisions can be valued depending on the stage of the business.
The time frame, based on the 10 per cent increase in income and the profit margin that takes into account the increase in capacity utilization, the fast-moving component, considering the 2022 boom, which is in the period of business pattern optimization and profit acceleration, gives the fast-carrying operation a 2 per cent model profit rate in 2023 and 30 times the expected increase.
The co-city segment and the international supply chain segment, respectively, rely mainly on the listed majors, Hongfong, 9699.hk, and Garry Logistics (0636.hk), and are therefore valued directly on the basis of the latest market value as a proportion of corporate holdings. Other operations, such as economic and cold medicine, are valued on the basis of market sales rates, reference is made to a stock-added couriers, and at the same time, reference is made to a share-sharing couriers.
Considering the scale effect gap, we give them one times. 151.2 billion yuan, 22 times, 16 times, and 13 times more. Since rediscovering the stock holdings on the market, an average of 44 times more pe (ttm).
Figure 36: The average value of the pe (ttm) since the stock market for the stock holding stock has been approximately 44 times, taking into account the valuation of the segment and the overall valuation, with the two valuation scenarios being equalized, and we believe that the company ' s target for 2023 is worth $293.5 billion. The company, as a leader of the consolidated courier logistics, has a dual focus on the point of entry and the point of cash flow, and the current stock price is safe.
The need for prescriptions is not as high as expected. If external demand weakens beyond expectations, resulting in the company’s statute of limitations not making as much profit as expected, corporate profits are reduced, and the stability of future cash flows and profits may be undermined.
If the economy, fast-tracking, and combing operations do not improve as expected, they will affect the profitability of the new business and the ability of cash flow to create, thereby increasing market concerns about firm incubation.
On the other hand, it may increase the market's return on the company's investment.
Member of the Commission, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association, for more than a decade, for research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, and for more than a decade, chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Programme, the revision of the coal industry's technical policy and enterprise-related advice, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
Some of them are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.