For the first time, the old bronze company of the integrated layout, the resource self-sufficiency rate continued to increase, and the old bronze company of the industrial chain was covered.
The bronze mausoleum is a whole chain of industry that is smelted and processed in the colored Ito copper marinas: at the end of the mountain, the company's subsidiary is the largest in the country in terms of its domestic mines, such as the Tolon and Anjing copper mines, and the holding of iron in its subsidiaries, the construction of copper crowns acquires control over 70% of Ecuador's Milado copper mines.
One of the large cathode copper producers, with an annual production capacity of 1.7 million tons and an annual production capacity of 1,400 million yuan (+6.4 per cent for the same year), achieved a net return profit of 1.44 billion yuan (33.9 per cent for the same year), mainly due to the increase in the cost of income tax as a result of the re-allocation of offshore subsidiaries.
The ratio was 83.78 per cent/56.91 per cent. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
At the supply end, the smelting capacity expands and the supply of copper is strained, and since 2024 the smelting and processing fees have continued to drop, and the price of copper has been rising in contradiction between supply and demand. At the demand end, domestic manufacturing pmi has performed steadily, traditional manufacturing demand has been subdued, and grid investment has been growing at a high base in 2024.
On the other hand, the Fed has recently stated that the economy is resilient, but employment has slowed, implying support for interest-rate cuts in September. This round of interest-relief capital flows into manufacturing, with a certain boost in copper consumption and investment demand, or will drive copper prices up.
In terms of resources, the company produced 5.16 million tons of copper in 2022, and the self-sufficiency of copper resources reached only 9.97%.
At the regional level, the company’s position is high, copper consumption accounts for one third of the country’s total, and traffic networks, such as ports, highways, railways, etc., have arrived.
With Mirado II's ability to climb, the company's profit elasticity is expected to continue to be released, and we expect large fluctuations in public copper prices: the company's main revenue is contributed by copper, which would have a negative impact on the company's performance if copper prices were to fall faster than expected;
(b) Risk of operating abroad: the company operating mines in Ecuador and facing the international operating environment.
(b) Safety of production and environmental risks: mining and smelting processes involve large-scale mechanical preparation and chemical reagents, if due to negligence or improper handling gives rise to safe production problems or arises;
Contamination emissions will have an impact on the company ' s operations.
In 1965, it became known as the Copper Mahals Nonferrous Metals Corporation. In 1992, the Copper Mahals Corporation, through a targeted collection, launched the National Agency for the Development of Copper Industries, resumed the construction of copper and copper mines for the copper industry.
The company acquired or built its own copper mineral resources and copper processing lines in 1998-2004, forming a complete industrial chain of mines, smelting and processing; in 2007 it acquired seven assets related to the copper master business belonging to the copper-coloured group and brought the copper masters to the market as a whole.
The company has been able to upgrade its smelting technology, high-end copper, marketed copper crown copper, and acquired offshore copper mines to enhance its resilience to risk.
The company was affected by electricity restrictions in Ecuador in 2024, and Mirado copper minerals were unable to release their profits. The decline was mainly due to the increase in income tax costs caused by the re-allocation of foreign affiliates and the removal of income tax fees to influence the firm ' s overall performance.
Chart 3 shows the net profit and the rate of increase, Chart 2 shows the income and the speed of the increase, and the main revenue and profits from the copper product. The company is one of the largest copper producers in the country, the cathode copper.
The annual production capacity is more than 1.7 million tonnes, with an annual capacity of 80,000 tonnes of high-precision electronic copper. 25H1 copper products contribute 83.78%/56.91%, respectively. In addition, corporate products include by-products from copper smelting such as gold, sulphuric acid, etc.
The company’s first shareholder is the Copper Mahals Group, which holds 47.77% of the company’s shares, and the Copper Shirts Group is fully owned by the State Treasury Committee of Anhui Province. The company is owned by the Anhui Province State.
There is a clear concentration of shares in State-owned enterprises under the Commission’s effective control. The companies have branches such as the Tongu Mountain copper mine, the Angyeong copper mine, the gold crown, the copper industry, and subsidiaries such as the gold and bronze industry, the Phoenix mountain mining industry, which cover the mines and the smelting process.
Chart 6 Colored Equity Structures for Management Teams is stable. The company’s main executives are promoted from within the group, tied to the firm’s depth, and the core executives are experienced in their fields of mines, smelting, trade, etc.
The price of copper has continued to fall since February 2025, when the copper concentrate tc/rc has been reduced to a negative number. Strained supply of copper has led to lower refining costs and rising copper prices.
Figure 8 Copper concentrates tc/rc Manufacturing demand is resilient for the last five years, with an increase in emerging areas. In July 2025, the domestic manufacturing pmi index was 49.3%, roughly the same as in July. In terms of electricity demand, domestic grid investment was on a high growth base in 2024.
On the other hand, the rise of ai led to an increase in electricity consumption at the data centre, with 2026 new data centres expected to consume 460,000 tons of copper, contributing to the increase in demand.
The Fed’s recent pronouncement of a crucifixion, Powell, indicates that the economy is resilient, but employment slows, implying support for September’s reduction. According to cme, the probability of a reduction in interest rates in September is 85%. This round of interest-cutting capital flows into manufacturing, with a certain boost in copper consumption and investment demand, or will drive copper prices up.
3-mlado two-phase push, with increased resource self-sufficiency, leading to higher self-sufficiency of copper resources in the Milado copper mine. The company produced 5.16 million tons of copper in 2022, while the self-sufficiency of copper resources was only 3.17 per cent; and the production of copper in the Milado copper mine was 17.51 million in 2023.
Tons, self-sufficiency rate of 9.97%. The first stage of the Milado copper mine design copper ore processing capacity is 20 million tonnes/year, corresponding to 90,000 tonnes of copper ore containing copper; and the second phase of the post-natal delivery, expected ore disposal capacity of 46.2 million tonnes/year, at which time the Milodo copper ore will supply approximately 200,000 tonnes/year of copper ore containing copper and the resource self-sufficiency rate is expected to increase further.
Chart 14 has an advantage in transport costs, with copper production (tonne tons) in copper concentrates, with capped east China. The total market size of the company is greater than one-third of the country’s copper consumption, and the company has a strong regional economic advantage in the marketing market.
Revenue projections and underlying assumptions are discussed in the revenue projections and valuations of the transport networks located in the East and East China Triangle, adjacent to the Yangtze River, the river ports, highways, railway mainlines, etc.
Copper plate: Volume: Upgraded by the Green Smart Copper-based New Materials Industrial Park Integration Project, assuming sales of copper products of 188,192,195 tons in 2025-2027; resource side, Mirado II contribution: assuming copper supply supports copper prices up, average sales of copper products of the company in 2025-2027
Precious metal plates: Amount: Precious metals such as corporate gold are mainly by-products of smelting, assuming that with smelting, chemical and other products: Volume: Assuming that by-products such as sulfuric acid are produced with smelting, we select companies with similar market values for sw copper plates, and the company values are at a reasonable level, along with Mira.
Large fluctuations in copper prices: the company ' s main revenue is contributed by copper products, and if copper prices fall above expectations, it will release the company ' s operational performance less than expected: the company ' s second phase of production of copper mine in Ecuador will climb up the slope, and if the capacity is not released as expected, it will affect the supply of copper resources to the company;
(b) Safe production and environmental risks: mining and smelting processes involve large-scale mechanical equipment and chemical reagents, such as:
If there is a problem of safe production or pollution emissions due to negligence or improper operation, it will affect the company’s operations. Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from open information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and advice contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.