In the Electrification era, the power of the Idm Dragon is thick and thin, the domestic power of the Idm Dragon, the product structure and capacity are both upgraded. Slanwa is one of the country's first Idm manufacturers, from the country's first 5/6 inches to the 8 inch to the 12 inch special process line, and the company keeps it safe.
The industry leads by forming a vertical integration model that includes semiconductors of compounds, ranging from expansive, chip design and manufacturing to the encapsulation of huhui2@guosen.com.cn. Companies have grown rapidly in the last five years, with compound growth rates between 2018 and 2020.
The demand for automobiles, industry, etc. has continued to grow, and the power-power-producing alternatives have accelerated. As electrification deepens, the global power semiconductor market will reach $34.25 billion in 2025, of which $3.1 billion is for industry and $5.5 billion for vehicles; the global power-ic market will exceed $25 billion in 2026.
In 2022, my country's electricity market will require more than 326 million units of the ipm module, while the national production rate is less than 15%. Currently, medium- and high-end power plants are still scarce, with an increase of 50 per cent in the British Flying Stone price letter on 14 February and an increase of Euro2.4 billion for 22 years of expansion, which is expected to continue in the course of the year.
Automotive sales have taken over the limited capacity of large overseas plants, and the domestic power supply gap has increased further. In this context, the production capacity self-controllable and fast-paced Idm manufacturers have become the preferred alternatives.
In 2020, the global market of corporate mosfet reached 2.2%, ranking 10; the city of the igbt separation device reached 2.6%, ranking 10; the city of ipm reached 1.6%, ranking 10; and the power management chip was in the top 10 in the country in the first half of 2021.
In the year, the igbt camp received more than $190 million, and the igbt module was loaded in bulk; the ipm camp received more than $410 million, an increase of 150 per cent in the same year; and the mems sensor collected more than 140 million, an increase of 290 per cent in the same year. The rich product lines created multiple growth curves for the public sector and enhanced the company’s ability to combat cyclical fluctuations in the monolithic category.
The company’s productive capacity is now being released at a time when it will be able to focus on high- and middle-end products such as igbt, which will benefit the company from a shortage of supplies at major overseas plants. In the future, the company’s production capacity will increase from 65,000 to 7-8 million per month; and 12 inches to 60,000 per month.
This month, 890 million mems sensor projects are moving steadily. Together with the loss of the 8-inch line for the third quarter of 21 years, the new 12-inch line has a smaller shareholding, the productivity uphill is causing less damage to performance, and the profitability of companies will gradually improve.
SLANWAY: China's power semiconductor's idm tap is building up the idm model, and the product lines are growing.
The company was established in September 1997 and is based in Hangzhou, and in March 2003 it was traded as the first listed integrated circuit chip design company in the country. The company owns 5/6 inches, 8 inches, 12 inches and semiconductors of compounds, resulting in extended chips.
Design and manufacture of the idm vertical integration model into the envelope. The company, incorporated in Slander in 2001, built a 5/6 inch production line to open the path to the development of the idm model; the company built Slander core into the led chip manufacture in 2004; Chengduthran in 2010 entered the area of modular encapsulation; and Slander became the first country in 2017.
A 8-inch line was put into production; in 2019, the semiconductor production line for schillings compounds; and in 2020, the 12-inch chip production line for slants.The sales process for Slanwe integrated circuits and separateware products was roughly as follows: integrated circuits and semiconductor chips, respectively.
Made by Slander (5/6 inches), Slander (8 inches), Sranco (12 inches), most of the chips were purchased by the company, then commissioned by the company, and then commissioned by the company, into Autumn (envelopery) and by the external encapsulation plant, after the sale of the finished products (including ic, device finished products and modules), and a few pieces of the chips were purchased by the company.
The led chip (luminous diode) is made mainly by the Slander, Slander, and sold to the outside world after the company had purchased it together, and a few pieces of the chip were sold to the outside world after it had been sealed by Mercala. The company’s product lines are rich and cover areas such as power semiconductors, simulation chips, and led.
Lines, which divide operations into three main plates of instruments, integrated circuits, and luminous diodes. Of these, the devices include mosfet (first-effect transistor), igbt (insulation grid bipolar transistor), sbd (shotki diode), frd (quick recovery of diodes), switch tubes, caps, tvs, etc.; integrated circuits include mems sensors, tvs, etc.
Products such as digital audio video and smart voice products, power management chips, electro-controlled mcu, smart power module ipm (intelligentpowermodule); luminous diodes include led chips and finished products.
In 1993, seven of the company’s founders left China’s microelectronics to start a joint venture, and seven of them have been involved in chip design and manufacturing, production line management and marketing.
Accumulated over the years and shared interests, the company’s equity structure has remained stable for many years. The first-time registration of the equity incentive scheme was 2,410 persons, awarded 19.999.2 million jobs, and the right-to-power incentive, which has a wide range of coverage, high performance expectations, and helped in the context of the shortage of chip talent.
The product structure and capacity have been upgraded to speed up the release of the product, and as the company’s 8-inch line output has been gradually released and maintained at a high level of output, it has been replaced by national production.
In 2020, RMB 1 billion, or 76.18 per cent more than the previous year. According to the company ' s bulletin, the company ' s products were divided mainly into instruments (52 per cent), integrated circuits (34 per cent) and led (9 per cent) plates and several others (6 per cent).
The annual increase in the share of circuit camps, accounting for 85.5% of the company’s revenues in the first half of 2021. Of these, the revenues of representative products such as ipm modules/mems sensors/igbt have broken out by $410 million/140 million/$190 million, respectively, compared to the same increase. In addition, middle- and high-end products such as Mini-led and high-end lighting are moving forward, and companies are glowing in the first half of 2021.
The operating income of the diode products was $294 million, an increase of 110.84 per cent over the same period in the previous year. 8 inch line profits were released and product structures were optimized. Led’s business fell, affecting the company’s profitability in 18-21 years.
At a higher level of output, there was a significant increase in chip production, with Slan cumulus losses shrunk quarterly and profited in the third quarter of 2021, corresponding to operating income of $839 million and net profit of $2.02 million. Together with the optimized product structure of the led product, the company ' s profitability gradually increased, and the company ' s operating profits and profits were both reversed in 2021.
In the first three quarters, a net profit of $728 million was accumulated from the non-mortality margin. On 21 January 2022, corporate costs fell and R & D inputs continued to grow. As output lines and product structures optimized, it became clear that the downswing effect of the company was decreasing on a quarterly basis. In addition, companies continued to increase their R & D investment, accounting for R & D investment over the last three years.
This is more than 10 per cent to ensure continuous development of chip design and technological development, supporting the company's power supply, managing the development of a range of products such as circuits, power modules, power devices, mems sensors, etc.
The company's products are rich in structure, multiple paths open up the growth space, and it's formed a separate device such as mosfet (first-effect transistor), igbt (insulation fence double-polar transistor), sbd (Shotki diode), frd (quick recovery of diode), integrated circuit chip such as the ipm module, electrical control.
Many product lines, such as mcu, mems sensors. The power semiconductor splitware product, represented by igbt, super-feat and high-density grooves, has grown rapidly, reaching the industry’s leading water level. The higher-value-added super-pressure moss tubes, the high-density low-pressure trough mos tubes, and the high-power gbt are all real.
In the first half of 2021, the company ' s igbt products (including devices and pim modules) received more than $190 million, an increase of more than 110 per cent in the same year, and the self-researched v-digbt and frd chip ' s electric motor mainframe driver module, which has been tested by a number of domestic clients and has begun to deliver bulk quantities in some of the customers; the ipm module
The harvest was over 410 million, more than 150% more than the same year; the mems sensor was over 140 million dollars, more than 290% more than the same year. The rich product lines have created multiple growth curves for the growth of companies, increasing their ability to counter cyclical fluctuations in one category of goods.
Industry, new-energy vehicles pull power unit requirements Power devices are used extensively in electronic power units as vehicles for physical changes in electrical circuits such as voltage, currents, frequencies, switches, etc. Power semiconductors can transform current voltage and eventually manage power.
The product consists of a separate device, Discretes (diodes, triodes, transistors, mosfet, igbt, etc.), a power module, modules. By performance, mosfet and igbt are voltage control switches, compared to current control switches such as power triodes, transistors, and so forth, with easy to drive, fast switches, and loss.
As the level of downstream electrification increases, the demand for power semiconductors increases, and the range of appliance applications expands. The global power semiconductor market will increase from $25,820 million to $34.25 billion between 2021 and 2025.
As a major power semiconductor market, our country will increase from $10.69 billion to $12.43 billion. In 2020, the global market for corporate mosfet pieces reached 2.2 per cent, ranking tenth; in the first half of 2021, the company splitware business collected $1,709 million, an increase of 85.64 per cent.
The industrial applications, the base of the industry's operations, have increased the frequency of the industry and the penetration of non-spare machines, communication drives, etc., have been widely used in reverse welding, variable speed power, and uninterruptible power supply (ups).
Digital power drives run at low voltage (a direct current power source below 1 kv) for 600v, 1200v or 1700v devices and, on the communications side, for low voltage motor drives, no more than 690v. As a result, igbt can be widely used in the above set-up, with a ratio of more than 80%.
Industrial manufacturing has been upgraded, and the global industrial igbt market will reach $3.1 billion in 2025. As industrial automation progresses, our industrial control market is expected to reach $260 billion by 2021. According to omdia, the global industrial igbt market will increase from $2.07 billion in 2021 to $3.1 billion, of which the modular ratio will be $3.1 billion.
Accordingly, our industrial gbt market rose from $960 million in 2021 to $1.4 billion, with modules accounting for 82 per cent of the total, compounded growth rate of 11.5 per cent, and overall demand steadily increasing. Slantwigbt separation devices ranked tenth globally in 2020, with a city share of 2.6 per cent of corporate gbt devices.
At a faster rate, the year 2020 saw an increase of 260 million yuan, a 60 per cent increase in the same year; the market for the igbt stand-alone devices reached 2.6 per cent, the tenth largest market in the world; in the first half of 2021, the igbt achieved an increase of 190 million yuan, a 110 per cent increase in the same year.
New-energy vehicles are no longer using gasoline engines, fuel tanks or transformers, “three power systems”, i.e. batteries, electric machines, electrical control systems, new dc-dc modules, electrical control systems, battery management.
Systems, high voltage circuits, etc.; Correspondingly, core devices for energy conversion and transmission-power semiconductor content. For example, in pure electric vehicles, power devices are distributed mainly in main reverses, vehicle chargers obc, dc/dc converters and assistive appliances (air conditioning compressors, water pumps, oil pumps).
With high pressure igbt, sicnosfet; second to power required by vehicle chargers, the simosfet and sic diodes will also be applied in addition to the gbt, sicososfet; in the vehicle charger section, the simosfet is sufficient and can be replaced with sicnosfet and diodes for fast charge and lightweight demand; in addition, it is supported.
Igbt is used mainly for hybrid cars and pure electric vehicles, which require a lot of power. In traditional fuel cars, semiconductors are used mainly in the areas of start-up, stop-and-car safety, according to the traditional semiconductor is worth US$ 450 and power devices US$ 50, which is lower.
In the vehicle, the equivalent semiconductor is valued at $735 and $750, respectively, which is a significant increase compared to the conventional fuel vehicle of $450. Since the new energy vehicle battery module requires semiconductor power, the power of hybrid vehicles has increased to 40%, the power of pure electric vehicles has increased to 55% and is semiconducted according to pure electric vehicles.
The global market for igbt will reach $5.5 billion in 2025. According to FMC data, global sales of new energy vehicles reached 6.23 million in 2021, an increase of 118 per cent over the same period; China, as the main market, accounted for more than 50 per cent.
With the growth of new energy vehicles and the build-up of the traditional vehicle stock market, the demand for vehicles will continue to rise. According to the omdia projections, the global vehicle market, i.e. fuel-bearing vehicles, will increase from $2.2 billion to $5.5 billion in 2021-2025, with modules accounting for 75 per cent. Accordingly, our vehicle market, i.e. fuel-containing vehicles, will be increased from about 75 per cent to 75 per cent.
The amount of $574 million has increased to $14.63, of which the proportion of pure electric vehicles in the country has increased rapidly, with the result that the proportion of cars using the igbt module will reach 88 per cent in 2025, with a combined increase of over 35 per cent.
The self-developed V-digbt and frd chip main electric motor drive module has been developed for multiple domestic customers (400a/650v) and b3 (950a,750v): b1 module for electric car applications in power range 30-60kw, equipped with Slanwattronch-field-stopigbt4 and frd; b3 module based on self-employed
The main high-density gull process, the igbt chip. For applications such as hybrid and pure electric cars, with high current density, high short circuit capability, and high power cut-off voltage levels.
In December, more than 127,000 cars were sold in single months, and 900,000 vehicles were sold throughout the year. In the future, as sales of this type of vehicle increased, together with the capture of the limited capacity of large offshore plants by new energy cars, making domestic demand difficult to meet, the company’s ability to use the igbt to grow in the future increased rapidly.
Home voltage opens up the ipm module incremental space. Home voltage drives the smart power module ipm to climb demand. The ipm module consists of igbt, door-level drive circuits, and fast-protected circuits, which integrate power switches and drive circuits, and joins the voltage over currents.
As household air conditioners, commercial air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines and heat pumps become more frequent, the demand for ipm increases.
Figure 27: The share of national production of my country ' s electric ipm module will reach $2.25 billion in 2025, with a large national alternative space. With the frequency of household electricity conversion and industrial automation, the global market for ipm will increase from $1.78 billion in 2021 to $2.25 billion.
Accordingly, our market for ipm rose from $710 million in 2021 to $810 million, with a compound rate of 11%, and domestic electricity demand exceeded 326 million in 2022. China has now become the world’s largest white household power production base, with air conditioning accounting for 80% of the world’s production capacity, and refrigerators and washing machines more than 50%.
As air conditioners become more frequent, it is expected that there will be 290 million domestic air conditioners in 22 years. However, only about 12% of the domestic production of the home-based ipm module is low, and there are fewer independent supplies of chips from the Glyph and the United States. As the main supplier of domestic ipm, Slan micro sold more than 18 million white ipm in the first half of 2021 and replaced by future national production.
There is still much room for development. Four hundred million yuan was collected throughout the year, an increase of 140 per cent over the same year; the market for the ipm module reached 1.6 per cent, ranking ninth in the world; and the ipm module achieved $190 million in the first half of 2021, an increase of 110 per cent over the current year.
The company ' s ipm module has been widely applied to downstream household power and industrial customers ' variable frequency products, including air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, oil smokers, cranes, domestic fans, industrial fans, water pumps, elevator doors, sewing machines, electric power tools, industrial converters, etc.
The power management chip (pmic) assumes transformation, distribution, detection, etc. power management in electronic devices, which combines linear stabilizers, overpressure protection, charge management, etc., where high-voltage integrated circuits are managed as power sources.
One way in which the chip can develop is to reduce the size, weight, performance and reliability of the power component of the device, which can be widely applied to switch power, power drive, industrial control, daily lighting, household appliances, etc.
The consumer market is the largest sub-market for applications, with more than $11.5 billion in 2020. The increase in automobile and industrial markets, according to icinsights, showed that China ' s power management chip business in 2020 was 76.3 billion yuan, an important demand market for global power management chips, accounting for more than 50% of the model chip market.
In recent years, domestic companies, represented by São Paulo shares, have been growing rapidly, and national production has become an alternative to space. According to the Institute of Foresight, Slanwa is already in the country in the field of power management chips.
Top ten companies, with more than 700 products.
The Federation promotes the rapid growth of mems sensors mems means microstructures, microsensors, micro-executors, and signal processing and control circuits, interfaces, communications and power sources equal to one miniature devices or systems. The mems manufacturing process is the use of semiconductor processes and materials.
The micromechanical system, which is built on microchip through micro-mime technology and is integrated with the corresponding circuit collection, has the advantages of miniaturization, low cost, high efficiency, large-volume production. The mems are now widely used in mobile smart terminals and “dressing” such as theatre controllers, smartphones, sports equipment, digital cameras, etc.
Figure 34: Size of the global market for mems sensors (millions of United States dollars) and rate of increase Correspondingly, the global market for mems grew at an average annual compound rate of 13.6 per cent, as the most dynamic global network of applications, the market for the mems sector in 2021 amounted to approximately 85.1 billion yuan, and the market for the mems sector in 2018-2021.
An average annual compound increase of 19.1% is expected, with Slan micromems enriched with acceleration, microphones, and optical sensors growing rapidly in the future. According to yole predictions, microphones, inertia and optical mems will be the main products of future growth when driven by cars and consumption.
At present, companies have layouts for the above-mentioned types of mems sensors, with an annual output of 890 million, according to company announcements, which coincides with a structural shortage, the company's capacity to release the benefits that accrues from the supply and demand structure of the industry, and the company's technology and capacity to take the lead.
New energy applications drive power semiconductors into a new growth cycle. Review the power semiconductor industry, take into account the operating income and average speed of several major power semiconductors worldwide, and buy American International Surgery (ir), nxp and freescale combined, ansemi and buy fairy children semiconductor.
After an optimisation of the supply side, the new cycle of growth has begun in 20 years. The accelerated penetration of new energy sources, such as vehicles, photovoltaics and wind power, is the main driver of growth in the current round and will continue to grow in the coming years.
External factors influence some fluctuations in performance, but firm expectations of future performance remain optimistic, driven by downstream demand, and corporate profits are expected to increase continuously in the 2022 fiscal year. The power semiconductor product is slow to overlap, the product of the Idm manufacturer is fast, and the opportunity for domestic alternatives to the Idm national product is high.
With the relatively slow upgrading of electrical and electronic structures, the life cycle of power devices is slow. From the 1950s, power diodes, power triodes, to the breaking of the traditional “silicon limit” by the superb mosfet, a new generation of products will appear on average for about 15 years.
The advantage of idm is clear when it takes more than six months for a successive generation of products from the designers of the Fabless. Moreover, due to the autonomous control of the line of production, the idm product upgrades are not subject to fluctuations in the supply and demand of the industry. Thanks to the idm model, Slanwa’s product collection, which is represented by ipm, gbt, mems, is growing rapidly. The ipm module entered White Power City in 2017.
In 2021, the bulk supply of automobile customers was achieved, with an iterative upgrade from the consumption charge to the automobile-grade product. The company will benefit first when the energy is released, when the supply and demand balance is tight.
Igbt's delivery period is still more than six months, and low-pressure mosfet products have fallen relatively short. On the other hand, overseas regions such as Europe have seen a rapid increase in the volume of new energy cars, which has taken away the limited capacity of major overseas plants, bringing the average length of British-flying deliveries above the industry average, and increasing the domestic power supply gap.
Domestic Idm manufacturers with stable capacity and igbt products have become the preferred alternative. With Slan micro-products releasing 12 inches, the company will be one of the most beneficial producers in this phase of national production.
As a result of this accumulation, the company has now formed a line of production of silicon extraterrestrial silicon from Chengdusland, which was built into a 5/6 inch line. In the first half of the year, Sland produced a total of 5 or 6 inches of 12.25 million chips, an increase of 5.68 per cent over the same period. Roots, according to the icinsights ranking, are the second largest in the world in the production of chips of 6 inches and below;
A total of 316.5 million pieces of 8 inches of chips were produced in Lantern, an increase of 33.43 per cent over the same period; the production line in Chengdus silicon exterior chip formed a full-scale production capacity of 700,000 silicon extraterrestrial chips (5, 6, 8 and 12 inches) per year;
Eight hundred thousand, one billion power devices, 200 million mems sensors, and 40 million optical appliances. The first 12-inch process semiconductor production in the country, with a gradual advantage, began. The first 5-inch line was built in the country in 2001, and the first 12-inch line was launched in 2017.
The construction of the semiconductor chip line of the inch process has been leading the way in the Slan microcapsulation. The company’s 12-inch production line has been successfully operational in recent years, while the output of the 8-inch production line has stabilized, in the second half of 2020, with annual power semiconductor shortages, continuous release of the company’s capacity and a gradual increase in the city’s share.
The 12-inch line is easier to buy and have cost advantages than the 8-inch line, and the number of chips doubles, reducing the cost of the forward route by about 20-30%. Moreover, as the 12-inch line is built over a period of two years, post-partum jobs need to move from low-end to high-end products.
Inches vary, with the company holding only 15% of the 12 inches, and the depreciation of the production line and the loss of the prior period have little impact on the company. Slanwe purchases 12 inches of the 12 inch crystal to be sold out and will raise the company’s income and profits. In addition, the cost of putting the 12 inches into the production line would be significantly reduced and could be stabilized.
The 8-inch line of production frees up the space to restructure the product and enhance its profitability. According to company announcements, production lines are rising as a result of product restructuring and demand pull-ups.
The cost of depreciation increased from $184 million to $417 million between 2016 and 2020. The 8-inch extension of the Slander is the most important factor. In terms of cost structure, Sland has largely completed the depreciation of 5.6-inch production line equipment, with the cost of manufacturing (including depreciation) at 23.93 per cent.
The 8-inch line, according to company announcements and measurements, will have a depreciation effect of about 260 million years, with a steady status.
As noted above, as a platform company in the power semiconductor field, Slan micro-product lines are abundant and full-scale, and capacity expands.
Add product lines up, less affected by cycles. Growing product lines such as super-latitude mosfet, mems, ipm, pmic, igbt, mcu, etc. are all growing rapidly, with an increasing share and profitability; products with more cycle-affected low pressure mosfet, diode tubes, etc. are becoming less and less affected.
The company is divided into three types of instruments, integrated circuits, and led operations, and our profit projections are based on the following business analysis:
The inch line will produce 60,000 pieces per month in q4 in 2022; the 8-inch line, with an increase of 36,000 pieces per month in the postnatal period, with a gradual increase in the share of the igbt; and taking into account the price decline of some of the medium- and low-end power devices in 22 years, gross in the integrated circuits, based on the production and income of ipm, mems products in the first half of the year 2021 and “new”
With a yearly production of 890 million mems sensors and the project "Addition of an additional 48 million ipm per year special power module, 180 million to series powerware encapsulation", we expect the corresponding rate of income from integrated circuits to increase by 54.93 per cent. In the case of led, given the high-end led display screens, car lighting, cell phone backlights, feature landscape lighting, etc.
The demand for chips has continued to grow, and the company has vigorously developed a new product, Led, a business that is in a growth period, with 21 years of rapid scenario analysis of profit projections, previously assumed to be neutral, with optimistic predictions of an increase in the rate of harvest and an increase in the rates of Māori and equity distribution by 3 pct, respectively; pessimistic predictions of an increase in the rate of harvest and Māori and a rate of distribution of dividends, respectively.
Depending on the company’s hardware business, integrated circuit business, led business, and several other large sections, we have selected companies that are close to the business. Consider the large differences between semiconductor idm and the design company’s depreciation, cost, etc., as a result of this choice of operating income and speed increases as a comparative indicator of the company’s performance:
In the case of equipment operations, companies such as Hua Yum, Star Half-conduct, Macro Microtech and others are selected for their main operations, such as igbt, mosfet. Among them: Hua Yum Wei is China’s main Idm Power Device Enterprise, with products focused on power semiconductors, smart sensors and
In the area of smart control, the company is currently the most profitable and full product-series mosfet manufacturer in the country. The igbt semiconductor is a power semiconductor design company dedicated to the design and process of power chips such as igbt, quick recovery of diodes, and the design, manufacture and testing of power modules such as igbt, mosfet, sic. The igbt module is the company's power semiconductor.
The main product, which accounts for more than 95 per cent of the company’s main operating income, is the set-up of power semiconductor chips, single tubes, modules and power modules, dominated by igbt, Fred, mosfet chips and single-pipe products covering more than 100 species, igbt, Fred,
More than 400 modular products, such as mosfet, orthopaedic tubes, and transistors. By comparing the receipts of comparable companies in the first half of 18-21 years, Slan microware operations are in the forefront of the industry and have grown faster than comparable companies since the release of their 8-inch capacity in 18 years.
The sub-operation is valued using a pe-based method, with an average value of 79.34 for the equipment business compared to the company. We expect a total of 22 years of the device level, corresponding to a net profit of $728 million, and a corresponding value of $57,762 million for the corporate equipment business. In integrated circuit operations, electricity is selected based on the composition of products such as the company ' s power source chips and mems sensors.
The São Paulo shares focus on the simulation of integrated circuits and are leading producers in the Chinese simulation of chips. The company ' s products cover the two main areas of signal chain and power management, with more than 1,700 equivalents, and are widely applied to consumer electronics.
Communications equipment, industrial controls, medical instruments, car electronics, etc. Sensor shares are the only listed company in the country with the capability of multi-grade mems chip design and manufacturing processes, with core technology for mems sensor chip design, crystal-crystal manufacturing, sealing and testing, major product lines
It includes mems acoustic sensors, mems pressure sensors, and mems inertial sensors.
In many areas, such as fittings, vehicle chargers, smart meters, and industrial control equipment. By comparing the company’s revenues in the first half of 18-21, the company’s power chips and mems sensors are relatively large because of a combination of Slanwe integrated circuit operations.
As an alternative opportunity, this part of the business has accelerated since 18 and has surpassed comparable companies in 21 years. This part of the business is conducted by a pe method, with a comparable average value of 54.49 for integrated circuit operations, and we expect an integrated circuit camp of 3,597 million yuan for 22 years, with a Māori rate of 36.78%, other rates, income tax rates, etc., to refer to the company as a whole.
In the case of led, we have chosen Liad as a reference: Liad takes the lead in the industry by showing the product. For five years, the company shows the product, the product of the distance, and the product of the household led as the world’s leading city.
Since Led is in the process of restructuring its products and has not yet demonstrated its profitability, the ps method is used to evaluate it, and we expect to collect $729 million over 22 years and a share of the market value of $1.302 billion.In summary, through comparable corporate valuations, we believe that the company’s ownership is reasonably valued at $10.56 billion, taking into account the floating paradigm.
In the context of the increased demand for electric motorization of power devices and the replacement of integrated circuits by national production, we look forward to the company's growing business, represented by power semiconductors, integrated circuits, represented by igbt, which we have adopted as a relative valuation method, based on the company's equipment operations, integrated circuit operations, led operations and others.
The average number of comparable companies selected to match the company in 2022 was used as a reference for a relative valuation. Finally, the price is expected to be optimistic, leading to an overestimation of performance over the next three years.
26.48 per cent, if the real price of power devices is significantly lower than we expected due to changing circumstances, thus keeping the industry at risk of cyclical fluctuations: the semiconductor sector has a strong cyclical character and is closely linked to macroeconomic development as a whole. Currently, it benefits from the growth of downstream market demand and the overall climate of the chip manufacturing industry.
Higher, the supply of the product is not adequate, but the overall chip market is entering a cyclical adjustment phase, with downstream markets, reduced demand, oversupply of chip products, etc., leading to a fall in the price of the whole market chip product, overcapacity and underutilization of the chip manufacturing enterprise, which has some impact on the company's business performance.
Performance releases the risk: the project construction process requires the procurement of the corresponding production equipment. In the future, if the price of that component of the production equipment continues to increase, it will result in a significant deviation between the actual and planned procurement costs, thereby reducing the expected benefits; and, if there are difficulties in the procurement of production equipment, the construction of production lines.
The risk of continued increases in capital spending and R & D spending: sustained and substantial financial investment is required at all stages to obtain more advanced equipment and lead, as a result of the construction of production lines, product R & D manufacturing, etc.
At present, the 8-inch second and 12-inch lines are still in the production-capable slope phase, and the new processes require significant R & D inputs, given the uncertainty of new products, new process R & D, and the possibility of a sustained, over-expected R & D investment in the future.
The impact on the performance of the target company is negative: due to the dependence on imports of key raw materials, equipment and spare parts from the production line, if the overseas epidemic is not effectively controlled, some of the production equipment such as light engraved machines, ion injection machines, etc.
Overseas purchases may affect the timing of the purchase and delivery of equipment for import.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author