South Mountain Aluminium Industries (600219.sh)
The non-ferrous-industrial-metal company net profit return in the third quarter of 2025 grew by 8% on a year-on-year basis, with a special bonus of $3 billion. The scheme, which is intended to find a gold dividend of $3 billion (with taxes), returns positively to shareholders.
Aluminium prices and high-end products provide strong support for the company’s performance. Corporate performance is strongly influenced by commodity prices, with a 52-week maximum/minimum price, three-quarter profit margins falling on a year-on-year basis, but a significant increase in the ring ratio, mainly due to commodity price fluctuations and aluminium oxide.
In the third quarter of 2025, the average domestic price of aluminium oxide was about 3,124 yuan per ton, a decline of about 20 per cent in the year; the market for aluminium oxide overseas was about $357 per ton, a decline of about 29 per cent in the year. But it benefited from the high price of aluminium (the average price of aluminum in the third quarter was about $20,712 per ton, an increase of about 6 per cent in the year).
In the first three quarters of 2025, the company ' s Māori ratio was 26.63 per cent, an increase of 1.29 pct over the previous quarter; the net interest rate was 17.72 per cent, an increase of 0.32 pct over the same period.
Aluminium operations showed strong performance, with net cash flows generated by corporate operations amounting to $6,621 million, a significant increase of 32.09 per cent. Adequate cash flows contributed to the company’s high dividends and future strategic projects to provide a 39 per cent increase in the net return profit from the South Mountain aluminium industry (600,219.sh) and the Indonesian industry in 2024.
Aluminium oxide production in Nansan (600219.sh) - net profit from motherhood in the first half of the year increased by 67 per cent, Indonesian oxygen, Aluminium in Nansan (600219.sh) - Aluminium Integration Enterprise, Upstream Production and Aerial Acceleration, N. Aluminium Oxide production is still expanding and is more profitable than the country, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.
In the first three quarters, $26,325 million, or +86%, was realized; the net return to the mother was 3,772 million yuan, with aluminium prices and high-end products providing strong support for the company’s performance. The company’s performance was more affected by commodity prices, with three seasons of profit falling on a year-on-year basis but a significant increase in the ring, mainly due to commodity price fluctuations, with aluminium oxide prices on a year-on-year basis.
The market for aluminium oxide overseas averaged approximately $357 per ton, a decline of about 29 per cent over the same period. However, public revenue continued to grow, benefiting from high aluminium prices (an increase of about 6 per cent over the same period in the third quarter, at about $20,712 per ton) and strong performance in high-end products.
Figure 2: Single-season operating earnings and same-year growth in the South Mountain aluminium industry (billion yuan, per cent) Figure 3: Net profit and increase in the South Mountain aluminium industry (billion dollars, per cent) Figure 4: Single-season net profit and increase in the South Mountain aluminium industry (billion yuan, per cent)
The operating cash flow increased significantly and the financial position remained healthy. In the first three quarters of 2025, the company ' s Māori rate was 26.63 per cent, an increase of 1.29 pct over the same period; the net interest rate was 17.72 per cent, an increase of 0.32 pc over the same period. The cost for the single three-quarter period was 6.29 per cent, a decrease of 1.06 pct over the same period.
Net cash flows generated by the operations of the Division amounted to $6,621 million, a significant increase of 32.09 per cent over the same period. Adequate cash flows provide a solid basis for high corporate dividends and future strategic project advancement. Figure 6: Māori rate per month in the South Mountain aluminium industry, changes in net interest rates (%)
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.