On the night of February 21, the company issued an announcement on the repurchase of the public interest programme, to be invested in no more than 52 Cao Xuant.
Qin has successfully implemented the successive buybacks in order to demonstrate confidence in their success.
In 2018 and 2019, three buybacks were launched, divided into billion, 4 billion, and 3.2 billion yuan, with equity incentives and employee-holding plans in 2019 and the current buyback programme. The largest buy-backs in the country are now proposed, reflecting firm confidence in long-term development and value positioning.
Regularized incentives, excellent governance structures to protect shareholders ' interests. 19 years and this buyback has further contributed to normalizing the corporate incentive system, ensuring that employees maintain a high degree of consistency with corporate interests. Since 2014, companies have implemented six employee stock options incentive schemes, five global partnership plans, and two projects.
The partnership scheme and the three-phase restricted equity incentive scheme guarantee firmness in the implementation of the company’s long-term strategy by targeting the core, middle- and senior-level, cadre-level, long-term incentive model, robust and regularized. Their buy-back programmes and years of robustness further enhance corporate governance capabilities and fully safeguard shareholder rights.
It is now 70% of the company’s total return to work as a result of the epidemic, and it is expected that the factories will be fully reactivated by the end of February. The logistics capacity of the production base has been restored by almost 50%, and the distribution centre is expected to be resumed by nearly 50%.
By the end of February, the base capacity and distribution could be restored to 80 per cent and 75 per cent, respectively (except in the north of the lake), in order to ensure that the impact of the certification capacity is minimized, while below-line markets are under pressure for a short period of time, but companies take the initiative to follow the line.
Under active marketing, sku and stock transfer strategies, the number of fine multi-species on-line models and ratios rose by over $5 billion in January, 6 per cent more than in January, ice washing over the flag line (US + small swan) and oil smokers by 40.3 per cent (19 per cent and 36.7 per cent, respectively.
19.4% compared to 10.2pct/-1.1pct/-0.1pct/2pct, while in the market for household appliances Kyoto, Skycat, Su, electricity demand is certain, and below-line inhibition of the short-term epidemic requires 1, The American Group reports semi-annual reviews: higher profits abroad
At the same time, the spread of the epidemic has led to a continuous increase in the full digitalization and comprehensive intelligence of the market’s producers, which has helped to increase the internality of corporate robotics and manufacturing domains. Corporate product diversification, successful industrial diversification, and long-term value certainty.
Investment proposal: The company ' s current rollback is positive for repairing short-term market sentiment, and reflects the firm ' s confidence in long-term growth. Despite the impact of the short-term epidemic, the US line-line adjustment has a certain and long-term value as a supermarket average.
The study assistant's introduction to the Port of Enrollment Securities in March of the year will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report, nor will it be relevant in the future.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.