The American Group (000333) has a review report on the acquisition of the new energy plant and the completion of the industrial Internet puzzle on 26 March 2020.
The company is going to spend $743 million to acquire 18.73% of the shares held by the Ton Group and Liu Jinxing.
The acquisition of core parts of the industrial Internet, the active expansion of the Tob business, and the emergence of the United States as a leader in the industry of the industrial frequency changers and the server system.
Market value in circulation (millions of dollars): The new capability will have the operation of a core control system with industrial automation and will expand the scope of corporate tob operations and enhance opportunities for synergies in industrial automation chains.
The acquisition process to speed up the frequency of the central air conditioner has shown a tendency for companies to co-opt through related business subsidiaries, based on the historical acquisition by the United States. The United States acquisition was carried out by the Guangdong-American Heating Equipment Company Ltd., and the related business was the central air conditioner.
We believe that this acquisition will accelerate America’s progress in the area of central air-conditioning change frequency, making the products more energy-efficient, efficient, and competitive. The acquisitions are still incomplete, and business integration will be on the way.
The acquisition is subject to approval by the Antimonopoly Office of the National Directorate of Market Supervision and verification of compliance with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. At the same time, the U.S. will nominate four non-independent NPC candidates and replace the General Manager and the Financial Supervisor.
During the consolidation period, the United States will determine whether the company’s assets and operations are stripped of them.
We believe that this acquisition, while increasing the competitiveness of the company's central air-conditioning products, will boost the company's ability to work in the Pon Air-conditioning industry at a slower rate than expected, the company's business at Tob will not expand as much as expected, and the price of raw materials will be high.
The report is presented independently and objectively, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the author, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts it.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.