American group (000333) household appliances, long way, 5.2 billion repurchase plan, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
It is recalled that the company announced on 21 February that the repurchase period disclosed by the company in February 2019 had expired and was completed and that the company was now proposing a new repurchase plan: buybacks ranging from 40 million shares to 80 million shares, buybacks, offer corporate equity incentive schemes and/or employee holding schemes.
Many large buybacks have been made in recent years, convinced of the company’s long-term development. Over the last two years, the company has launched many large buybacks, totalling 3.2 billion yuan in the month-February 2020, all of which will be used to implement the company’s equity incentive scheme and the employee holding scheme. We believe that the company’s many large buybacks fully express the company’s commitment to the company.
And companies have a top-down career manager system, and adequate equity incentives help to further consolidate this core governance system, stabilize the personnel structure, motivate management and key personnel to work with enthusiasm, and stabilize market value, enhance market confidence, and achieve long-term corporate business.
Multiplicity of marketing models, the epidemic does not change the long-term logic. Companies have started to cut prices at the end since March 2019, while further promoting the “t+3” model, effectively improving business efficiency, and significantly increasing municipal ownership.
According to industry online, corporate air conditioning sales increased by more than 20% on the same date in 2019. In December 2019, Wuhan experienced a new coronary virus-infected pneumonia epidemic.
On the sales side, the company opens up a variety of marketing models, such as online publicity, live broadcasts, micro-shopping, and short- and medium-term in-house marketing and planning to focus on the line and to achieve off-line warehouse sharing; at the production end, except for Wuhan (a sub-air-conditioning capacity), Xingzhou (a portion of laundry capacity) is largely fully reworked to secure supply.
According to previous judgements, consumer demand has not disappeared for electricity, but has been delayed, and for small household power, it has been on the line of offline demand, and therefore has had less effect on company performance throughout the year.
Given the sound operation of the company, the good governance structure, the buy-in and the increased confidence in the market, we maintain the “buy-in” hysteria (2019-10-31) and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.