This is an example of endogenous growth, with a booming-in-volume winding cycle coming up, and a report on the depth of the Wallau Heungl (600426) company profile: Quality Coal Chemical White Horse Head, an example of endogenous growth. The company now forms urea.
1.8 million tonnes/year, 600,000 tonnes/year of composite fertilizer, 250,000 tonnes/year, 800,000 tonnes/year of acetic acid, 160,000 tonnes/year, 550,000 tonnes/year of ethanol, 450,000 tonnes/year of nitric acid, 200,000 tonnes/year of polyols, 3 cyanide
s034051200066 tonnes/year of ammonium and 50,000 tonnes/year of acetic anhydride, successfully developed into large domestic competitive roe (ttm)
Reason analysis. 1. Cost advantages of technology excellence companies, where advanced clean gas technology allows companies to use lower-priced coal (brown coal) as the main production feedstock in December to lay the company ' s low-cost base from the source.
The December minimum price (in dollars); in addition, continuous technological change to the mooring river, which widens the company's cost advantage. 2, “one-way” industrial chain, advantages, flexible production, maximization of benefits. 3, corporate cost control capacity, company-time cost ratio.
In February 2021, the company’s company, the company’s corporate capital, continued to grow, with new projects coming into operation in 2021.
16,660,000 tonnes/year Quality Improvement Project started production; the $4,98 billion investment in ammonium and the nylon new materials project (300,000 tonnes/year) is expected to start production in the fourth quarter of this year.
Building: 1) The Park Gas Power Platform Project, which is expected to invest a total of RMB 5,924 million over a projected period of months, will result in 1 million tonnes/year of urea, 1 million tonnes/year of acetic acid, 150,000 tonnes/year of methamine and 150,000 tonnes of investment proposals.
As the economy warms, oil prices shift upwards, the prices of company-owned business products are rising, and the prices of companies are rising.
The company was co-sponsored by a group of companies from several other large Shandong countries, which changed the stock system in 2000 and came to the market in June 2002, when the company's main business was urea.
Production and marketing, through the expansion of product size, extension of industrial chains, and a combination of clean gasification technologies, have focused on the integrated use of resources, creating a “multi-line” revolving economy flexible multi-manufacturing business model. Major operations include the production and marketing of fertilizers and chemical products, including urea, acetic acid and derivatives, dmf, adipic acids and intermediates.
Organamines, ethanol, etc. The company has successfully developed into a large domestic competitive coal industry through continuous energy conservation and environmental improvements to maintain the production capacity of coal industry leading the industry with 160,000 tonnes/year of adipic acid, 550,000 tonnes/year of ethanol, 450,000 tonnes/year of nitrate, 200,000 tonnes/year of polyols, 100,000 tonnes of melamine/year, and 50,000 tonnes of acetic anhydride/year.
The company takes full advantage of the multiplicity of co-productions and adapts production patterns and product structures in a timely manner in response to market changes, and the fall in prices on a year-on-year basis is the main reason for the decline in corporate profitability. In the first three quarters of 2020, the production of fertilizer, organochlorine, acetic acid and intermediates, acetic acid and derivatives and polyols was 2098.4 million tons, 293,000 tons, respectively.
The price of urea and organamide has fallen less, and companies have increased their production of urea and organamide, reflecting the company's flexible multi-production ratio. 2. Compared to the financial data of similar listed companies: the company's profitability is significantly better than that of the same kind of company; it is weak, overcapacity, and many of its businesses have been either small or in loss, and the Wallu Hisung Lt is still better off.
There is an advantage in corporate cost control and in the “soft multi-manufacturing” industrial chain.
Figure 6: The cash flow generated by the company’s operations can cover most of the new company’s assets and liabilities in comparison with the company’s assets and liabilities in the same industry.
It's not an accident, it's a necessity.
It's a firm's intrinsic factor, and these intrinsic factors are the core that Wallu Hisung-chung can pull out of the industry, and here we look at the company's intrinsic factors in several ways: (a) the technological advantage to achieve the company's cost advantage; (b) the “multiline” industrial chain advantage, flexible production, maximization of benefits; and (c) the company's cost control capacity.
A key point in the Walluhein upgrading chain is gasification, which is the core production technology of synthetic gas.
Gasification technology refers to the transfer of properly treated coal into reactors, such as gasification furnaces, at a certain temperature and pressure, converted to gas by means of oxidizers (air or oxygen and vapour) in a certain flow mode (mobile beds, fluidized beds or carrying beds), and the acquisition of coarse water gas, which can be obtained through subsequent devulcanization processes, etc.
The company uses the water gasification technology to replace the traditional gui stationary gasification process, which uses multi-spray (four-spray) water flaring and gasification technology, which is a pressured gas flow bed process.
The single nozzle has been replaced by a pair of nozzles, which enhances heat transfer, with a carbon conversion rate of more than 98 per cent, about 2.2 per cent less than coal, 6.6 per cent less than oxygen, and a more flexible regulation load than a single nozzle gas furnace. Wet-cut coal to avoid safety risks from dry grinding coal.
Environmental performance Low carbon conversion rate, with slags containing more than 22% carbon, high gasification temperatures, low levels of pollutants such as tar, phenol, cyanide wastewater and wind blowing
Advanced clean gas technologies use relatively low-priced coal (brown coal) as the main production feedstock, while the industry uses the traditional fixed-bed process in large quantities, is forced to use smoke-free coal at higher prices, and the domestic price of smoke is lower than the price of smoke-free coal at 300-500 yuan/tonne, so that the cost of HALCO is significantly lower than the industry average, and the company uses it as a means of synthesizing gas.
Production costs for synthetic gas production products such as urea, methanol, etc., are lower than industry averages, and are reflected in a higher Māori rate for corporate products than for industry-like listed companies.
Companies are focusing heavily on reducing efficiency gains, achieving further reductions in their production costs through technological and technological changes, optimizing production processes, improving production efficiency, reducing energy consumption, and further enhancing the company’s cost advantages, and consolidating and enhancing the competitiveness of firms. This keeps the company’s profitability ahead of the industry, even in the face of overall losses.
In April 2016, the company announced its investment in a fertilizer-utilization project to upgrade a synthetic ammonia and urea production unit, upgrade equipment and technology, and optimize industrial platforms.
Ammonium synthesis devices, replacing a traditional 22mpa synthetic device; construction of urea units using advanced, efficient synthesis, low-energy urea industry techniques, replacing a water solution full-cycle urea device; construction of a 500,000-ton/year urea compound fertilizer unit using advanced molten molten body high tower technologies.
In April 2016, the company issued a bulletin on energy-efficient technology adaptation projects for the construction of air sub-devices to invest 506 million yuan in energy-efficient technologies for space sub-devices. The company ' s existing 1, 2#, respectively, space-devices are associated with large-scale nitrogen fertilization technologies. The adaptation project and the coal localization of raw materials and the power restructuring project are all home-grown devices and are produced on a smaller scale.
Low level of equipment, high unit output performance energy consumption, resulting in higher oxygen production costs. In addition, 2 # air pressure units cannot achieve design capacity due to asthma shock problems in compressors, affecting production of downstream support systems.
On 26 August 2014, the company announced its intention to invest in the upgrading of traditional industries and the integrated use of cleaner production;
The project plans to invest 2,831 million yuan, and the new project, using advanced water-powder gasification technologies, will build an annual production unit (approximately 1 million tons of ammonia) with a production capacity of 1,368 million nm3 (co+h2) to replace a synthetic gas production unit using traditional gui fixed-bed gas technology, which will further reduce the consumption of raw coal and utilities.
Effectively reducing environmental pollution. On October 9, 2017, the company announced that the traditional industry upgrading and cleaner production integrated use item 3.2, “Multiline” industrial chain advantages, flexible production, maximization of benefits.
Intermediate products such as ammonia, methanol, and coco can be further processed to produce end-products such as urea, carbon monochemistry, and cyto-synthetic, because of the flexibility to regulate the various products in production, so it is called flexible multi-production. According to this mode of production, raw materials are used very well, there is virtually no waste generation, and all gas from coal is used for the production of products, with high feedstock benefits.
The cost of each product is also spread out. Companies can operate in a way that allows inter-product, inter-system, inter-park co-production, which is expensive and productive. For example, synthetic ammonia and methanol can be regulated, and in urea prices are high.
In 2016, when the price of urea fell by 1,200 yuan per ton, the production of urea was largely unprofitable, and companies would be able to reduce the rate of urea by increasing the production of methanol, reducing the amount of methanol taken out and achieving cost savings: the price of urea rose significantly in September 2018.
The company increased its urea production. In the fourth quarter of 2018, the company produced 65480,000 tons of fertilizer, a significant increase of 57.94 per cent in the same year; the amount of 140.9 million tons, a decrease of 8.81 per cent in the same year. Diamide and triamethamine can be co-produced, while diamamine can be directly produced dmf, which can also be linked to market changes.
In addition, the company continues to extend the company’s industrial chain, cyclohexol continues to extend to its own intra-amphetamine-nylon 6 industrial chain, increasing the value added of the product and optimizing the company’s industrial chain and product structure.
Long ceilings are further elevated. 3.3 Company cost control 6.04 per cent, with an average management cost of 2.24 per cent, is very low in the manufacturing enterprise as a whole.
In 2014-2019, comparable companies such as Rusi Chemical, Yang Coal Chemical, Jiang Soup had average costs of 11.00%, 12.64%, 6.31% respectively; average management costs of 4.2%, company-long costs and management costs were only about half those of comparable companies, and in traditional chemical products the same quality.
A key factor in a company’s ability to maintain excess profits in a situation of severe deterioration and overcapacity is its per capita remuneration: the rate of costs and management costs during the company’s life is below the industry average, not the wages of the company’s employees below the industry average, but, on the contrary, the wages of the company’s employees are significantly better than those of comparable companies.
In the last five years, the average per capita remuneration of the company was 164,000 yuan, while the average per capita remuneration of the comparable companies Rusi Chemical, Yang Coal Chemical, Jiangsu Sopo was 111,000 yuan, 81,000 yuan and 116,000 yuan, compared to the average per capita income of the company Rusi Chemical, Yang Coal Chemical and Jiang Su Sopo, respectively 1.3 million yuan, 1.04 million yuan and 1.14 million yuan.
In the last five years, the average per capita interest of the company was 460,000 yuan, compared to the average per capita income of the same companies: Rusi Chemical, Yang Coal Chemical, Jiangsu Soup, 120,000 yuan, 10,000 yuan, 30,000 yuan, respectively.
With the macroeconomic recovery, the downstream demand for company products has gradually improved, and the outlook for the company’s main business has continued to rise. Moreover, the rising concentration of oil prices has given further impetus to the rising prices of chemical products.
(b) Acetic acid: The 19 February 2021 Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acid was valued at $5,100, or 17.2 per cent higher than at the beginning of the year, with an average price of $3033 per ton, $4541 per ton, $2922 per ton, $2669 per ton in 2017-2020, respectively.
ethanol: The current market price (median price) for ethanol in East China is 5310 yuan per tonne, and the latest prices for adipic acid in East China (median price) are 8,000 yuan per tonne, and the latest prices for Brent oil futures and New York oil futures are $62.84 per barrel, $59.04 per barrel, respectively, from 2017 to 2020.
Prices rose by 24.0% and 24.7%, respectively, from the beginning of the year. Coal industry prices are highly correlated with crude oil prices, with some lag.
In March 2019, the company announced an investment in the Quality Improvement Project for Precision Dipic Acid, with a sum of 1,572 million yuan. The Quality Improvement Project is based on benzene, using state-of-the-art production techniques, and has set up 1666 million tonnes/year adipic acid production units with cyclohexol devices and related public works.
The company announced that the PET production facility had been running through the entire process in the near future, producing qualified products and entering the test, that the domestic use of HDI as a PUR raw material was 70%, and that the rest was a nylon 66 and a plasticizer. With the rapid development of the country’s economy, the expansion of polyurethane applications and applications has led to the country’s demand for HDI feedstocks.
There will be a growing demand for the different quality of HSD products from downstream products, and demand for high-end HSD products will become more apparent. But the current number of producers with alternatives to HDI imports in the country is not yet large, and there is a gap between the quality of products and high-end HSD products from abroad.
In March 2019, the company announced that it had invested in the construction of a project for the development of antiamide and nylon materials (300,000 tonnes/year), with an investment amounting to $4.98 billion. The project was based on benzene and hydrogen, using advanced processes.
Technology, construction of cyclohexol, cyclohexone and agne ammonium devices, coupled with the construction of dioxyhydrate, methic acid and sulphuric acid devices. The development of the ephamine-hexamide-nylon6 (polyamide) sliced industrial chain and the building of an integrated new material industry base will be carried out.
Two hundred thousand tons, six pieces of nylon, four hundred thousand tons of ammonium, and so on. An average annual operating income of 5.613 billion yuan is expected, for a total of 446 million yuan.
Stability, processing, mechanical and chemical-resistant. The main areas of consumption of endamide abroad are fibres (civil silk, industrial silk, carpet wire), engineering plastics and food packaging films, which are widely applied in the areas of motor vehicles, ships, medical products, solar goods, electronic and electronic components. Global consumption of endamide continued to grow rapidly in 2018,
Total global consumption is expected to be around 6 million tons, and its growth is mainly from China. At present, there are three main areas of total consumption: nylon 6 fibres, engineering plastics and film, and nylon industrial wire, of which nylon 6 fibres are civilian, which account for about 54% of nylon consumption, and nylon plastics and film have been growing faster in recent years.
6. On January 15, 2021, the company announced that its controlling subsidiary had invested in the construction of a gas-powered platform for the park, synthetic gas.
The combined utilization project. Wallu Hisung Lian (Jingzhou) Ltd. is a corporate holding subsidiary with a 70% share in the company and a 20% and 10% share in the joint Hualu Group Ltd. and Wallu Investment Development Co. Ltd., respectively.
The project is based on coal, using an internationally advanced multi-pesser water gasification technology with autonomous intellectual property rights, and the construction of four gas furnaces and ancillary devices (three open one) accompanied by the construction of two empty sub-units, three high-temperature high-pressure coal powder boilers and public engineering facilities to meet the large-scale installation and reliability requirements.
(b) The construction period is expected to be 36 months. The project was the first project to build a gas gas platform and public works in the state of Warroheung State ' s modern coal-chemical base.
Supplying synthetic gas for the base follow-up project and providing steam support for the entire park. Based on the synthetic gas price of 0.88 yuan/nm3, the vapour cost of 140 yuan/tonne, if the total take-out year results in sales revenue of 5.2 billion yuan, with an average annual profit of 700 million yuan.
Project 2: Integrated Synthetic Gas Utilization Project, based on synthetic gas, which builds 1 million people using advanced, efficient synthesis and low-energy urea processes
Tons/year urea production units; construction of 1 million tonnes/year acetic acid production units using advanced methanol synthesis techniques; production of dmf technologies using advanced low-pressure synthetic organamines, exposure methods, 150,000 tonnes/year methamine and 150,000 tonnes/year dmf production units.
The project is expected to invest a total of $5,604 million; project construction funds are financed by funds owned by the Jingzhou Corporation and bank loans; construction period is expected to be 36 months; local government support for the Jingzhou base project:
1) Land for the project. Phase I of the Jingzhou base project will be supported by 2,300 acres of industrial land and phase II and subsequent development of a reserve of not less than 2,500 acres. 2) Dangerous storage and wharfing.
Services, which are covered on a long-term basis by the minimum cost of docking at the same type of dock along the Yangtze River. (3) Railway lines.
To ensure that the total quantity of water used and the total amount of waste water discharged by the company meets the needs of the company for construction, production, and operation.
Tender pricing and long-term cooperation agreements with the company on a cost-cost basis. 6) Project power island. Agree to the company to build the power boiler facility required for this project. (7) Report the company's investment project as a priority project in Hubei Province and include it in the 14th Five-Year Agreement in Hubei Province.
As the size of the company grows, corporate development is constrained by coal, energy consumption indicators, inadequate allocation of resource elements such as land, water, electricity, gas, etc., and increased environmental and transport bottlenecks in the park area.
The government supports and secures projects with coal, project energy, urea production, environmental capacity, land use, electricity, water, etc.
The company relies on clean gasification technology, focusing on the integrated use of resources, building a “one-line” revolving economy, a flexible multi-product business model that adapts production patterns and product structures in a timely manner to changes in the product market to achieve the greatest benefits. The short-term adipic acid quality upgrading project and the new nylon materials project continue to contribute to the growth of the company itself.
As the economy warms, oil prices shift upwards, prices for company-owned business products rise, and a boom in corporate prices rises. Companies are expected to reach a depth of 300 indexes by 2020 and 2021, the “market index” reference point for this rating system.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and within the limits of knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.