Energy expansion optimizes costs, n-type release increases profitability, performance phase stresses, mainly the release of additional silicon production in the industry, and high domestic supply of high-purity crystalline silicon.
The output pattern is expanding and the scale effect is becoming more pronounced. The company’s capacity was further released during the reporting period, inner Mongolia \triangleright
The first 100,000-ton high-purity multi-crystal silicon project was successfully crawling, completing a multi-crystal silicon production of 7.92 million tons, accounting for 12.15 per cent of the country's multi-crystal silicon production, and was in the first line of production; the first two-phase multi-crysil silicon project was scheduled to be completed by the end of the year, when the company's nominal capacity would reach 305,000 tons, and the scale effect would be further enhanced.
At the same time, Xinjiang, the two production bases currently established by the company, in Inner Mongolia, are located in the Silicon Industry Base, with a cluster of excellent s01052111006.
Insistence on technological advances to promote industrial upgrading and build barriers to advantage. At present, the downstream battery market is passing through \triangleright.
Kwok Yingzheng, as a result of the technology upgrade process, a new generation of N-efficient batteries is expected to become a new direction in market development, while the N-type s01052207002
Batteries have higher requirements for multi-crystal silicon quality, so companies have continuously increased their input around monocrysil and n silicon products during the reporting period, reducing the impurity of table metals and increasing product purity and stability through fine management. In addition, the share of silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
Up in Jubaino, at a state-of-the-art level; at the same time, companies have achieved a bulk supply of high-purity single crystal silicon material of n, and are expected to expand the market even further through certification by several mainstream downstream firms.
The price of silicon is expected to recover from the bottom up +n spread.
In the first half of 23 years, the price of silicon dropped rapidly, and stock in the industry generally went up. The company’s performance was somewhat reversed, but as the company continued to increase its sales and actively digested its stock of products, there was no significant reduction in actual sales, with a total of 768 million tons of crystalline silicon sold in 23 years.
+0.59%, of which the Xinjiang base is largely full, showing the company’s product and brand competitiveness, while the current multi-crystal silicon prices are showing a gradual upward trend or will stimulate downstream customers to buy down 1. Large-scale energy (688303.sh) for the second half of 2022
Comment: Silicon taps are up and running, with a forward-looking, N-type multi-crystal silicon, which is expected to maintain or even expand the sales premium while the demand rises, creating profits for the company
2. Large-scale energy (688303.sh) Annual Review 2021: Quantified and continuously coded silicon production performance layout - 2022/03/, the company is the leading firm in high-purity multi-crystal silicon production, and the effects of scale reflect the return of industrial trends and profitability.
Looking forward to a steady recovery and maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, presents the report independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.