Peace in China (601318): The logic of transformation continues to be verified, values are raised and China is safe.
The company, China ' s first equity insurance company, has so far made a safe disclosure of China ' s third quarterly report of 2019, which achieved $89,27.51 billion in operating income during the reporting period, and has developed into three major branches of insurance, banking and investment.
The company is committed to becoming an international leader in the provision of personal financial services.
Billion dollars, 4.5 per cent more than the same year; nbvm 48.1 per cent, 5.3 pct more than the same year.
Two models of networking + integrated finance, focusing on the two industries of “big financial assets” and “big medical health”, have continued to reap high profits and the value of the new business has increased at a steady pace, around which the three-quarters report has been reported.
Risk, banking, asset management, Internet finance, four main sections, creating a “professional, simpler” brand for clients, with performance largely in line with expectations.
Experience. Companies are the most well-developed, business-class, highly controlled individuals in the financial life of the country.
One of the service groups. The companies under the umbrella of the Peace Group include peace and security, safety and well-being, safety and well-being.
Insurance, safe banking, safe trusts, safe securities, the transfer of resources to high-value products, short-term savings, etc. The proportion of short-term savings products continues to decline.
In the process of strategic adjustment, even if the company has an overall team of agents of higher quality than their counterparts, it will become a minority of Chinese financial firms that can provide the full range of financial products and services, such as insurance, banking and investment, to their clients at the same time.
There is still an inevitable problem of marketing capacity and product “matching” and short-term agent movements. At the same time, the company has strict control over the agent's entrance, pursuing the “beautiful plan” and expanding agent's rhythm is changing. As a result, the agent's size at the end of the reporting period is year-on-year.
At first, 12.1% to 12.45 million people. Although the agent boosts the per capita capacity, the decline in the new policy premium has put some pressure on the nbv growth.
South China Peace (601318): Three-quarter review of 2019 - Continuous validation of the logic of transition, value enhancement, 2.20 % opening red will remain value-oriented.
The company will continue this year ' s strategy in 2020 with a focus on (but not limited to) guaranteed products. The company ' s long-term focus on customer demand in product set-up and marketing will continue to produce targeted products.
The value rate is just as good as the company’s long-term owner’s “good luck” of products, some of which will have a slightly higher portfolio value than the good luck. With the introduction of the talent plan, the quality of corporate agents will continue to improve, and while the opening of doors will continue to suffer from the loss of low-capacity agents for 20 years, there has been a trend towards positive development, with a steady increase in the retention rate of high-capacity agents and in the performance and per capita capacity of the agency’s workforce.
The company’s premium and value increase will be significantly better than this year, with an increase of more than 8% for the year as a whole. The decline in the temperature of the automobile industry in 2019 has put greater pressure on car insurance operations. The company is actively engaged in a shift in production insurance, shifting business resources to non-vehicles, which represents a decrease of 2 pct over the same period in 18 years.
As the transition moves forward, the combined cost rates for corporate production risk operations are expected to remain stable and significantly superior to those of their counterparts. Examples include increasing long-term public debt, the allocation of local government debt to match long-term asset liabilities, and increasing high-rated credit debts, as well as high-diversion rights.
Beneficial assets. A steady increase in the return on investment in the face of volatile bond movements during the last three quarters has confirmed the correct reorientation of corporate investment.
During the reporting period, the net profit of the bank was $23,621 million, an increase of 15.5 per cent. Retailed customers aum 1.87 trillion, an increase of 32.1 per cent from the beginning of the reporting period, and retail customers 9,366 million, an increase of 11.6 per cent from the beginning of the reporting period, were gradually proving the logic of retail transition-led asset quality and double profits.
Continued expansion of the anti-breeding group, which is expected to channel high-quality clients to business lines such as insurance and asset management, thereby accelerating synergies at the group level and increasing the net profit on corporate asset management operations during the reporting period, which fell by 18.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, became a “minus flaw” in the high growth in corporate performance. Under the continuing influence of the new rules governing capital and the emerging New Deal for Trusts, it can be expected that asset management operations will continue to show a downward trend in size and profit over the coming period.
7. Science and technology revenues are growing rapidly, but it will take some time to make a steady contribution.
The transition from land gold to consumer finance is in the larger direction, and finance is becoming a solid foundation for the flow. If the corporate financial technology module were to move from the cost side to the income side, it would be worth a lot more from business synergies, profit contributions, or technological empowerment to an overall valuation level.
In recent years, China has become a leader in domestic insurance, with a high degree of integration of financial and technological services, increased efficiency and synergy in its operations. This has led to a rapid increase in revenue earnings, and a greater advantage for the industry.
A new generation of younger and more professional management is expected to further enhance its operational effectiveness and help companies grow. We look firmly at the company’s business prospects, and expect the company’s performance to increase and assess downside risks in the domestic economy; the risk of increased trade disputes between China and the United States; the risk of falling capital markets; and the risk of financial regulation being tighter than expected;
Weaker than expected; less expensive than expected.
B.A., Wuhan University, Master of Science, Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, four years of non-banking financial research experience, and two years of banking experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Non-Golden Financial Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Non-Golden Finance Industry in 2016. Member of the 9th Crystalball and Non-Golden Finance Industry Group, first in 2015 and second in the 10th Crystal and Non-Goldier Finance Industry in 2016.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Peace in China (601318): Three-quarterly review of 2019 - the logic of transition continues to be validated, value attributes are raised, and there is no guarantee that the information and advice contained in the report will not change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.