Long-term value growth, change in management mechanisms, positive signal, 24 October 2019, 63.2 per cent increase in comparison with year, ps 5.85/share; end of period, net shareholder of the parent company
▪ Group: The net profit continues to rise high + 63%, and the operating profit is robust + 21.5%. The company ' s net profit for the first three quarters was equal to 63.2%, and the single quarter net profit for the first quarter was still higher + 49.7%.
Unaltered annualization of interest income/sallow income/investment asset price differentials for equity purposes, gross investment return understated: 2,750 days move upwards on average and reserve reserves are reduced to release profits: expected to continue understatement in the year, the liquidity change in life insurance is contributing to net profit by 2.2 billion:3
As a result of a one-time return, the q3 one-quarter income tax rate is 19.4%, which is also significantly lower than the 30.7% rate in the same period last year. If one-time factors such as investment fluctuations (+11.5 billion) and tax factors (10.5 billion) are excluded, the company’s operating profits remain steady and rising at a steady rate compared to +21.5%.
• Life insurance: nbv+4.5 per cent is slightly lower than expected, new negative growth continues to narrow, new business values are evident, and negative growth gaps in new policy premiums have continued to narrow: the first growth gap for calculating new business values in the first three quarters has been significantly narrowed, and companies have been pushing for replacements of heavy health insurance products, such as Antford, since July
2019ii upgrades and big and big stars to increase the attractiveness of products; 2) significant increase in new business value rates
On the other hand, the value of new products, such as big and small stars, is higher, and the product switch + + + + is the main driver driving value growth. On the human scale, the number of agents declined from 12.1% to 12.45 million at the beginning of the year, but the number of new insurance policies per capita increased from +9.4% to 1.39 per person per year.
In the month, the agency’s productivity has improved, and the company will focus more on the quality of its life risk teams by screening entry points, phasing out low-capacity agents, and promoting the central city excellence plan. Insurance: quarterly improvements in insurance coverage, combined cost better than industry: net profit achieved in the first three quarters of the risk
16.1 billion United States dollars, significant +98.4 per cent of the same year, a one-time profit release effect of the tax-excellation policy, with the profit from the operation of the insurance policy still increasing + 75.5 per cent (mainly investment driven). Insurance has been gradually improved since the second half of the year: 1) the premium dimension, with the previous three quarters of the year ' s vehicle insurance, non-car insurance, accident health insurance and the same ratio + 6.3 per cent, respectively.
The combined cost rate of vehicle insurance is projected to be 0.4 pct. less than in the second quarter, and the combined cost rate of non-car insurance is expected to rise as a result of the elimination of the contribution-generation factor of earned premiums2 and the impact of Peace in China (601318):i9 drive.
• Profit forecasting and investment rating: expected to open the door early in 2020, with more inputs and products more attractive than in 2019, with a four-quarter valuation switch.
Good insurance portfolio investment opportunities. Corporate business indicators with life insurance at their core are still generally superior to the same-value dynamic, investment volatility is hard to prevent high growth, management changes are sending positive signals, and adaptations are expected to boost business development.
The combined cost of the financial insurance of the company 2011-2019q3
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board