In the first half of 2025, companies achieved operating income, of which q2 achieved a net return of 1.175 billion yuan in the first quarter, an increase of 13.7 per cent in the same year.
About 25% of the decline, mainly due to price differentials in major products such as acrylic acids and ethylenes. By branch, functional chemicals are the main driving force of growth, generating $12.217 billion in the first half of the year.
The closure of the industry chain further consolidates the company’s market position and cost advantage in the area of c3. High gross equity/flow (billion shares) has seen a slight decline in revenue from molecular new material operations, but the Māori rate has remained high at 29.54%.
The company explicitly identified high-end polyolefins as a core future growth point to address the structural problems of “low end surplus, high end constraint” in the country. In the first half of 2025, the company invested $773 million in research and development and has invested $3 billion in high-performance catalytic new materials projects designed to:
Breaking through the knave technology. The α-vinyl hydrocarbons integrated use project focuses on high-value-added products such as poe, polyethylene (mpe) < < satellite chemistry 2024 and the first quarter of 2025, which currently have very low domestic self-sufficiency and wide import substitution space.
In addition to record performance driven by increased profitability and significant growth in energy materials, the company is also forward-looking in the development of hydrogen-based leachate based on liquid cold materials on the one server.
New heights >--2025-04-03 liquid cooling fluids. < < High Molecular Materials Business Facilitation Company Performance
IL, c2/c3 double-deep green development > - Satellite chemistry, in addition to perfecting the chain layout of c2 and c3 products, is investing in a number of new material projects < < to facilitate the implementation of the `qualitative return double up' side
Industry, c2/c3 Two Dragons Deepening Green Development > - Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.