Increase in the Māori ratio of the main product 25h1 and integration of synergies - satellite chemistry (002648.sz) incident assessment report
Fuhh@cfsc.com.cn On a quarterly basis, business income of $11.131 billion was achieved in the quarter of 2025q2, balanced with major products and a steady increase in the Māori rate
Companies continue to innovate in focusing on functional chemicals, high-molecular new materials, new energy materials, the integrated use of carbon dioxide and hydrogen to achieve a balance of production and distribution, steadily increasing the market share of companies and industry influence, even beyond product price pressures, etc.
Under pressure, the industry is still able to sustain its leading profit levels through a flexible mix of resources, optimized capacity allocation, and differentiated product strategies. By product category, the main product is growing: 1)
Capable chemicals: $12.217 billion in operating income achieved in the first half of 2025, corresponding to 0.09 pt, financial ratio to 0.69 pt; increase in R&D costs, LHC project production
In cash flow, the company operated in the first half of 2025, 2, Satellite Chemistry (002648); q3 improved profitability and new materials opened up to growth.
In the area of c2, the company has now developed well-developed ethylene oxide downstream chemicals development arrays that form 1.82 million tonnes of ethanol, 500,000 tonnes of polyether monolithic and surfactivity.
The scale of production of the agent, 200,000 tons of ethanolamine, 150,000 tons of carbonate: in the c3 field, the company has now established the country's first and second largest acrylic acid and ester capacity. After a continuous “creaking, stretching, strong chain”, the company has become an industry leader.
In the future, the company will continue to move ahead with the construction of new projects at its bases, and will continue to build on the new infrastructure.
Speeding up the construction of new acrylic production capacity at the Lake Pilgrim base and Kagsing base, promoting light hydrocarbons, using a combination of high-value-added products for further precision, and bringing up upstream products downstream due to product price pressure, we fine-tune profit forecasts, predicting companies.
Companies lead the integrated industry chain of light hydrocarbons and are expected to continue to perform well, maintaining the risk of downstream demand fluctuations; the risk of falling product prices; the risk of rising raw materials prices; and the risk of new construction projects falling short of expectations.
CHEMICALS, CHEMICAL STRATEGY AND SIX YEARS OF NEW ENERGY ENERGY STUDY. JANG Weibao: MA in Chemistry, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of which were researched by sellers
Experience, 10 years of buyer research, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness. Joining the Chinese securities research in 2023 reflects my research perspective.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
It is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on the consistent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.