Satellite chemistry (002648): The United States resumes exports of ethane to China and looks forward to company scarcity, growth > US restores exports of ethane to China. The U.S. Department of Commerce ' s Industrial Security Agency (bis) notified the energy company eragytransferlp on 3 June 2025 that it would export ethane products to China or involve Chinese military end-users (customs code)
You must apply for an export permit.
Our export ban on ethane is lifted. Satellite chemistry has a core asset for ethane exports from the United States. There are currently only three ethane export terminals in the United States: marcus hook, morgan'spoint and Nederlandterminal, of which marcushook and morgan'spoint are loaded.
Nederlandterminal co-financed with ergytransfer to set up an export terminal in the United States under the company orbit, for the purpose of satellite chemistry United States subsidiary, which also includes a new distillation plant and storage facility to Mont Belvieu, Texas, for the transport of ethane to the export dock.
The docks will provide 175,000 barrels/day (about 3 million tonnes/year) of ethane for satellite chemistry, and have signed an exclusive agreement that will continue to be available for satellite chemistry in the future or in excess. New ethane terminals in the United States are less likely to be built.
The ethane export terminal, which is required to integrate systems such as Vlec deep water harbours, cooling systems, and connection tubes, often amounts to more than $1 billion, is locked into contracts for more than 10 years and has a longer return cycle. The ethane terminal, which involves federal departments (ferc, Ministry of Energy), environmental protection (epa), coastal/port, state/local approvals, is difficult to verify and eng projects.
The ethane terminal is therefore viable only if there is long-term contractual security, highly predictable market demand, and policy stability.
velc has a huge investment volume and the company has a pre-emptive advantage. Vlec ships need to be custom-made and invested for long periods of time. And in the current market for months, there are 14 Vlec ships now re-routing ethane, of which there are 6 projects in one phase, 8 projects in the second phase, with a single ship load of 98,000 cubic metres (approximately 52,000 tons/time) and a lease period.
For 15 years, companies have a choice of choice after expiry. The company provides a wide range of high-end new materials to satisfy the combined use of the high-end new materials industry.
Insurance for the supply of raw materials for the park project, negotiating with the sinogas or their associates a ship charter agreement, investing $25.7 billion, and building six vlecs in the Growing One company summary report. By 2027, the company is expected to have a total of 20 exclusive vlecs providing transport services and to have a very high level of industry.
Satellite Chemistry (002648); A new result of the re-mining of α-vinyl hydrocarbons, where performance growth is still new - the company has the lowest cost of ethylene in the country. Since 2020, ethylene production in the country has entered the second high-growth phase.
There are several advantages to new ethylene production capabilities in the country compared to the old international production capacity, including lower operating costs (Technology, Synchronization of Cost Needs, Industrial Upgrading Guardianship, Industrial Progress, Industry 4.0), lower raw material costs (Breaking, Heavy Oil Fracture, etc.), shorter dimensions required for newer equipment
Growth - satellite chemistry - quarterly reports and industry and protection periods gradually shift the average cash cost of domestic ethylene to the left end of the cost curve. According to our calculations, the average domestic cash cost of ethylene in 2024 was approximately $760 per ton for Brent oil prices of $65 per barrel, while the average cash cost of domestic ethylene was public.
The ethylene cost is significantly lower than the domestic average and more competitive by virtue of its raw material costs and process advantages.  Investment suggests that the corporate integrated industrial chain advantage +c2 ethylene crack barriers, with new downstream materials expanding to a national lead, should the raw material cost return, market demand repair, and even the three phases of Yun Harbour are expected to reach production in 2026; the company’s technical characteristics dominate the industry.
The policy risk marginal effect of raw materials is reduced, and the company’s share price rebounded. We maintain what was previously expected, using legally compliant data, to carefully draw conclusions and present the report independently and objectively.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.