Other chemical materials Satellite chemistry (002648.sz) Functional chemicals are the main force of growth, and research and development inputs continue to be added.
14 August 2025 Division of functional chemicals, high-molecular materials, and new energy materials achieved revenue of 122.2 million, 52.5 million and 320 million, respectively.
Market value in circulationa (billions): The layout of downstream chemicals of ethylene oxide, resulting in 1.82 million tons of ethanol, 500,000 tons of polyether large monolithic and surface active agents, 200,000 tons of ethanolamine, 150,000 tons of carbonate, etc., and the integration of industrial chains and products
Chain diversification advantages. In the area of c3, the company is now the largest in the country, the second largest in the world, with base data: 30 June 2025, acetic acid and ester production capacity, and a new energy integration project for new materials at the plain lake base in 2024, producing more than 800,000 tons of carbon per year.
The company’s future research and development centre began construction in May 2024, with plans to invest 10 billion yuan in research and development and to increase the introduction of talent.
Focus on key strategic materials such as catalysts, new energy materials, new high molecular materials, functional chemicals, and prior research and industrialization along new materials. The company applied for 122 patents, was authorized to specialize in 57 items, and research and development costs amounted to $773 million during the reporting period. In the area of green data centres, the company is investing in research and development.
Hydrocarbon-based impregnated liquid cooling fluids, with the core advantages of energy-efficient, environmentally safe and low consumption, have the potential to become the dominant cooling technology in the future.
Wang Jingen's capacity to release the expected risks; the risk of rising raw materials prices; and the risk of falling demand.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.