The crop rate remains high, “Technology + Expansion” meets demand - 1-quarter review in 2025 Deep South circuit (002916.sz)
Events: The company disclosed a quarterly report in 2025. The 2025q1 company achieved a revenue of $4,783 million, an increase of $4,783 million, or 44.64 per cent, in the same year. 2025q1 production capacity was maintained at a high level, with a steady increase in income and net return earnings.
The growth in network communications, computing and server-related demand, as well as the continued deepening trend of motor motorization/intelligence, among other factors, q1 ' s combined capacity utilization remains relatively high, with an increase of 20.75 per cent over the year. The Māori rate is 24.7 per cent, a decrease of 0.45 ptt, sales/management/research and development costs.
The q1 company pcb ' s wireless side orders in the area of business communications recovered slightly from 2024q4; the wire side was handed over.
The demand for replacements and so on has been growing. The demand for the ai acceleration cards, servers, and so on has been better, leading to an increase in the number of data centres leading to an increase in the number of field-order rings. The demand for automobile electronics has grown steadily. q1pcb operates at high capacity levels, with companies opening up production bottlenecks through technological modifications and upgrades of existing plants; and, at the same time, moving in an orderly manner southwards.
Construction of a four-phase project, a plant in Thailand; Encapsulation base plate: needs in the storage area are improved, and the Guangzhou containment base plate project has a narrower lossring ring. Company sealing of base plate products includes module envelopes, storage envelopes and application processor chip envelopes.
. The production efficiency ring ratio has increased as a result of the increased demand for storage products. Guangzhou has received bulk orders for bt and some fc-bga products in the first phase of the project, with bulk production capacity for fc-bga products up to 20 floors, and technical research and development and sampling of products above 20 floors is on schedule.
Promotions. q1 Guangzhou envelope has received a relatively deep 300-percent loss ring ratio as a result of the gradual production of various types of orders Investment proposals: the company's deep-deep electronic circuit industry has formed the “3-in-the-technology, customer-like” industry
At the same time, the company is committed to doing business with the United States, independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects its research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Two years of work experience in electronics, six years of work experience in securities, and a previous job in Quantities, the Ministry of National Security, and the Ministry of Trust Securities in Beijing. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as the head of the electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.