The new stock-holding plan continues to deepen the core workforce and is expected to continue to benefit from long-term development in the future.
On 29 December 2022, the company issued the third draft of the Staff Holding Scheme, which raised a total amount of not more than $18 million for the participation of the company's directors, supervisors, senior managers, core managers and cadres, for a total of not more than 300 persons.
The continued binding of core staff contributes to long-term development: the value of the shares being repurchased is $14.02 per share, with no more than 300 persons, including directors, supervisors, and senior managers, or business cadres. The shareholding plan is divided into two dimensions of company performance and individual performance.
This stockholding plan will further bind the interests of the core staff, management, and shareholders, and fully motivate staff to work, contributing to long-term development in the future.
The product structure continued to be optimized, leading to a significant increase in corporate profitability: the company ' s Māori rate was 27.92 per cent in the first three quarters, an increase of 3.48 percentage points in the same period; the Māori rate was 29.73 per cent in the third quarter, an increase of 2.45 percentage points in the ring, which benefited mainly from product structure optimization, such as 200g and 400 high-end light modules
The rise in the share was accompanied by a decline in domestic demand for low-morigin products; and the appreciation of the United States dollar had a positive effect on exchange rates; and firm size effects were highlighted, with significant efficiency gains. With continued high market performance, future forward 800g products are expected to bring new growth points: benefits
The world’s cloud company’s capital expenditure has increased significantly, and 200g has become the fastest growing demand in the industry.
The company has continued to raise its annual market share to the second highest in the world in the last two years, with a leading position in high-end product chains. At the same time, institutional investors account for the share of liquidity a.
In 2023, the 800g light module cycle will be officially opened, promising to drive the entire industry into a fast-growing phase.
Intra-industry leadership and continuous product rotation are expected to further improve profitability. Profit forecasting: coupled with a sustained high industry performance over the next two years, and a company’s share in the industry, overseas cloud producers’ capital spending has fallen short of expectations.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.