East Asia’s Securities have outperformed their expectations, and 800g products have brought new dynamic growth.
The profits and operating cash flow are growing rapidly and the profitability is further enhanced. The company's 22q3 quarter revenue is 2,634 million yuan, q/q22.92 per cent, y/y30.12 per cent; the return net profit is $360 million, the demand for high-end products, such as q/q, continues to rise, the company's products are widely recognized by customers, both within and outside the country, and orders are in good condition.
The product structure optimizes the Māori rate, with a good view. The increased output of high-end products adds significant value to the efficiency gains of the company, and the dollar is now in a period of appreciation, with a further positive impact on corporate revenue and profits, as well as a further increase in profitability.
3. The industrial layout has continued to advance with the surge in digital operations, large-scale applications of forward-looking laser radar-400g products. During the reporting period, the company ' s 400g series of related products have gradually been used by mainstream domestic equipment and Internet cloud producers and will be effectively assisted.
The company continues to build up high-end product production capacity to meet market demand for high-end module technology in terms of both technology and scale. At the same time, the company continues to promote industrial investment and layout, strengthening the use of semiconductor compounds, a new generation of information technology industries, and material networking and big data applications.
Equity investments in high-technology areas such as the industry (including bottom sensors, chips, object networking platforms, ai technology, finance technology, smart drivers, and machine people) are effectively integrated into niche resources. The product structure is expected to continue to optimize over 800g.
In the next five years, 14% of cagr will increase to $17.6 billion in 2026. In the first half of this year, company high-end module products such as 200g/400g, which now receive bulk orders from large overseas customers, are expected to be produced in four quarters and gradually increase in volume.
Technology advantages and industry leadership are expected to increase by 20% + over industry averages, and high-end products are expected to improve profit structures.
Sino-American trade frictions have increased; competition has led to higher-than-expected price declines; and new products have not been developed as expected. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market has resulted in an average of the final rating, which is then calculated as the average market investment.