Mid-Stocks (300308.sz)
The industrial landscape has been warming, leading to a steady rise in corporate revenue: in the first three quarters of 2022, operating revenues of $6,865 million, yoy+28.99 per cent and net profits of companies of $853 million, yoy+52.21 per cent; net profits of $360 million, yoy+64.20 per cent. Performance growth in the reporting period benefited mainly from the global light module.
As the landscape rises, capital spending on data centre construction continues to be high, high-end products such as 400g and 200g are widely recognized by domestic and foreign clients, and orders are well placed. The product structure continues to be optimized, leading to a significant increase in corporate profitability: the company’s Māori rate in the first three quarters of the year.
27.92 per cent, an increase of 3.48 percentage points over the same period; three-quarter Māori rate of 29.73 per cent, an increase of 2.45 percentage points in the ring, which benefited mainly from an improvement in product structure, such as 200g and 400 high-end light modules, along with a decline in domestic demand for low Māori-rate products; and the appreciation of the United States dollar, which resulted in a decline in demand for low Māori-rate products
A positive effect on exchange rates; and corporate-scale effects are highlighted, and efficiency gains are evident. With a sustained high market view, the future of the 800g frontier products is expected to bring new growth points: the benefits are the sharp increase in global cloud producers’ capital spending, with 200g becoming the fastest-growing head of demand in the industry.
Run varieties, while 400g will continue to grow. The company has continued to upgrade the whole product mix, the light communication module over the last two years.
At the same time, the company’s 800g frontier product has already been sampled by its customers, and the company’s 800g product has been modeled by its customers and is progressing well, and is expected to move towards production in the fourth quarter of this year, leading the industry.
Institutional investors account for a share in the circulation of a share, then send back the buy-back program, highlighting the company’s confidence in the future’s rapid growth: the company released its announcement on October 11th.
Companies’ confidence in continued rapid growth in the future. Profit forecasts: coupled with a sustained high industry performance over the next two years, and a company’s share in the industry as much as overseas cloud producers’ capital spending is expected.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. investments and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.