The product structure optimizes and reduces efficiency gains, the third quarter of the company - Midsumer (300308), the third quarter of 2022, thanks to an increase in the share of high-end products coming out and to the efficiency gains, and the company's ability to make a profit in three quarters.
During the reporting period, companies responded positively to clients ' demand for high-end product upgrading, increased the share of high-end products such as 400g and 200g, continued optimization of product structure, and continued implementation of efficiency gains. During the reporting period, companies achieved operating revenues of $6,865 million, an increase of 28.99 per cent over the same period; and net returns to mothers were realized of $853 million.
During the same period, corporate sales were 27.92%, compared to 1.77% of the absolute percentage of the same period. The third quarter net profit return was $360 million, an increase of 64.2%.
The market size of the light module is projected to remain 14% capr in the next five years.
Reporting points: 22% of industry top-heavy with laser. Dell'oro statistics show a 17% increase in global data centre capital spending in 2022, with a 30% increase in data centre spending by mega-voltage cloud producers; 2026, global data centre.
Capital spending is expected to reach $350 million. The steady implementation of domestic data centre construction and the high-level market-wide outlook for the company’s future business development are being given a more optimistic guide to the firm’s future development.
The company is the leading provider of the global light module solution, 30 years of deep-farming industry, and is at the forefront of the industry. As the country’s 5g and idc build-up continues, the offshore market continues to grow.
In addition, with the increased penetration and size of the market, laser mines are expected to become a new growth point for companies, further increasing their profitability.
Overseas market demand is not as high as expected, product delivery is not as high as expected, upstream material prices are volatile and exchange rate fluctuations are risky.The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of portfolio investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to be diligent and to be independent and objective.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.