The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) incident: the company released its third quarter report in 2022, and collected $6.86 billion in the first three quarters of 2022.
This represents an increase of 29 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother is 850 million yuan, an increase of 52.2 per cent over the same period; of this, the return to the mother earns 2.63 billion yuan during the first quarter, an increase of 30.1 per cent over the same period; the return to the mother earns $360 million, an increase of 64.2 per cent over the same period; the gain/loss on exchange is added to the increase due to the Māori. At the profit end, the company ' s Māori rate for the previous three quarters was approximately 27.9 per cent.
The dollar exchange rate has fallen, and the exchange rate gains have increased. Companies have made a sustained breakthrough in research and development on new products, with R&D costs estimated at $560 million, an increase of 59.2 per cent over the same period, and R&D costs of 8 per cent.
High initial dividends from product delivery can be fully realized, and there is a stable partnership with customers such as Google, Amazon, Facebook, through a 100-g product in volume into the North American market. In 2020, the global market for 100-g and above-rate products was around 30%, with a 50% share of 400g in 2021.
At the same time, the active expansion of production in Suzhou, the bronze mausoleum, and Chengdu has effectively consolidated its pre-eminence and will continue to benefit from global market demand. At the same time, the company has now set up a laser radar oem/odm team, which will take full advantage of the advantages accumulated in the light module area and assist laser radar customers.
Step-by-step reduction of bom costs, improvement of product performance and delivery capacity, and creation of a second growth curve.
There are 300 million yuan (including) and no more than 600 million yuan (including). Multiple equity incentives are expected to raise the core.
The risk of friction affecting the stability of the company ' s supply chain, the risk of exchange gains and losses, etc. No compensation of any kind will be obtained either directly or indirectly from, and not from, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.