In the third quarter of 2022, a single season with record performance and increasing profitability, the company published a three-quarter report in 2022, generating operating income of $6,865 million in the first three quarters.
The same-year increase of 28.99 per cent, resulting in a net return of $853 million, an increase of 52.21 per cent, and a net non-returned profit of $779 million, an increase of 52.42 per cent. The single-season performance is record high, and downstream demand is still strong.
Billion dollars, 30.12 per cent more than the previous year, and $360 million more than the previous year, representing an increase of 64.2 per cent. From downstream major client dynamics, North American cloud giants Amazon, Google, Microsoft, 27.5 per cent more than the previous three quarters, 37.4 per cent more than the previous three quarters.
Twenty-four percent, although at a slower rate than before, have maintained a high level of growth. As an important point of growth in cloud giant income, we believe that investments in cloud computing-related infrastructure will continue to increase, with company-owned light module products as an important component of the data centre.
The Māori rate has improved in tandem with the current rates, with significant increases in R & D inputs. The first three quarters have seen significant reductions in the financial costs of sales, management, R & D, financial costs of 1.01%, 5.54%, 8.17%, -0.57%, respectively, mainly to safeguard the development and technological upgrading of new products.
The highest/lowest price in 52 weeks is due to the continued appreciation of the United States dollar, the increase in exchange rate during the period, and the fact that the sales and administration rates are largely guaranteed
Three buybacks were implemented during the year, highlighting corporate confidence. The company has implemented three stock buybacks this year, the first two of which have been repurchased, amounting to about $480 million, and the third, believing that the company ' s multiple large stock buybacks during the year were based on the continued stability of the company ' s future.
Development confidence, while at the same time safeguarding the interests of investors at large, enhancing investor confidence, and better promoting long-term, sustainable, and healthy corporate development. Sustained industrial investment and deployment, and greater resource complementarity between industry and capital
During the reporting period, companies continued to promote industrial investment and layout, investing in their own capital.
Funds such as the Huzawa Bay Investment Management Partnership and the Suzhou Stock Exchange Partnership have been instrumental in strengthening companies in the compounds semiconductor industry, the new generation of information technology industry, the Internet of goods and large data applications (including bottom sensors, chips, the Internet platform of things, ai technology, etc.)
In particular, ai and big data in sectors such as financial science and technology, smart driving and robotics, which are consistent with the country's priorities in terms of equity investment in high-technology areas, promote complementarities and integration of resources between industry and capital, and are expected to generate investment returns for companies.
Good companies will perform in the future, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Cloud computing is less than expected; overseas cloud giants’ capital spending is expected to drop more than expected; the epidemic is repeated; and market competition is increasing.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.