Satellite petrochemical (002648): The ethane fission project will significantly enhance the corporate value of the satellite petrochemical
▪ Event: The company released its 2019 performance report, which generated business income of $10.8 billion during the reporting period. The company is the country's largest and world-wide producer of the top five acrylic acids, the country's first propane-based productionc3
pdh II production is the main reason for the company’s growth in performance, and propane dehydration will remain competitive in the long term.
In February and May of this year, one-time driving was not successful. Thanks to the expansion of production, the company managed to raise $10.8 billion a year, keeping it growing by 7.68% against the backdrop of acrylic and acrylic acid prices.
The overall price of the herb fell from $8250 per ton at the beginning of the year to $6,400 per ton at the end of the year. At the same time, however, the price of propane was weak with the price of crude oil, and the net profit of the pyrecne fission was guaranteed for most of the year.
In the range of $1,000-1500 per ton, the cost advantage is maintained for the scerebral oil route and the coal-based acetylene route. The domestic capacity for acrylic production is expected to grow significantly from 2020, with new pdh devices coming into operation at the Shenzhen Stock Exchange from February 27th, 2020.
The accelerated phase-out of production capacity, with high domestic costs of mtp and Western European cerebral oil routes, will be hit hard. The company ' s downstream polypropylene and acrylic production packages have also continued to expand, with an additional 180,000 tonnes/year of Acrylic production expected to be operational by 2020, further consolidating the corporate c3 industrial chain integration.
The company's limited petrochemicals, the company's ethylene fission project is moving in an orderly fashion, and the major equipment, the extreme cold towers, etc., were suspended at the end of 2019. The construction of the new canopy project has a phased impact, but it is still expected to be operational by 2020.
Target. The ethylene fission system has the advantage of a high rate of acceptance and low cost, the shale gas revolution in the United States has produced a large quantity of ethylene raw materials, and the ethylene fission has become a major growth point in global ethylene production. According to our calculations, future ethylene production in the United States and its derivatives have a limited amount of consumption.
Supply and pipeline separation facilities can guarantee new demand, and the price of ethane will remain low. The company ethane Fragmentation Project has invested a total of 17 billion dollars in the first phase, with an average annual net profit of more than $2 billion based on historical raw materials and product prices.
In other processes, the cost advantage of importing ethane has been maintained at $1,500-2000/t in the past, and in the future the ethylene production capacity of the ethylene route associated with the refining project will become less and less available. The ethylene fission project will significantly increase the company’s short-term performance and long-term value.
The new coronary disease has limited impact on the company’s production operations, and the pattern of demand for protective materials has changed or completely changed. As a result of the epidemic, downstream enterprises have resumed work late after spring and demand has shrunk.
The main raw materials of the mask and disinfectant in the epidemic remain intact during the spring season. With the emergence of the new crown epidemic in several countries around the world, the epidemic will awaken public health protection in the long run, and the construction of local hospitals and public health needs will contribute to the continuation of the need for protective supplies and disinfectants.
Growth. The company’s production and operations have had a relatively limited impact on the onset of the epidemic, without reducing the value of long-term investments.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Satellite petrochemicals (002648). The ethane fission project will significantly increase the company’s value.
Reviewers of leading academic journals, with 5 national and international patents, and more than 10 articles signed by leading international academic journals, which have been cited almost a thousand times in aggregate.
In July 2019, he joined Dong-hing and entered the text by clicking here.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.