Food processing for food and beverages Double-sink development: improved collection of rings, release of elasticity of profits from frozen meat Incident: 3-quarterly report from the company in 2022, operating revenue of 44.640 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2022
Revenue analysis: The price of hunting rings rises, meat products continue to be under pressure, slaughter operations run at a loss of won (-2.1%), mainly due to recurrent outbreaks affecting the sale of events such as meals.
The scale of the slaughter business, which led to an increase in the amount of slaughter, coupled with a new increase in the price of q3 for pigs, with a 12-month high/minimum GDP increase in the sale of frozen meat at low prices and a loss of revenue from the slaughter business, q3 vs. frozen meat last year
The stock count loses 960 million yuan in value and the slaughter business loses 570 million yuan. Ben Fell's analysis: pork prices go up, frozen meats release profit elasticity.
The profit is 1.280 billion yuan (+65.5%). The profit from the meat business q3 is 1.49 billion yuan (- if the price of the pig q3 rises), increasing the pressure on the cost of raw materials.
q4 Outlook: The epidemic creates uncertainty and hog prices are on the upward trend. 1) End of income: affected by the epidemic, with weak catering channels; while the spread of new products from both sinks is blocked and meat products as a whole are blocked.
There is a slight decline in sales. If the epidemic policy improves, the company is actively promoting new products, layouts, certification codes: vegetable production expands the amount of space, and the addition of the new track will contribute to the increase.
2) Cost side: This year’s rise in the pig price ring ratio has resulted in a sustained burden on raw materials for meat business. If the pig price maintains current trends, the next step will be for companies to try to control costs, and to optimize the process to generate efficiency through technological innovation, with a steady increase in the q4 Mār.
Double-sink development: improved cropping and elasticity of frozen meat. 3) Profit-end: improved profits from the slaughter industry, and companies actively contributing to the development of new courses such as the "8-Certain + Pre-Cutting" layout, and the addition of prefabricated vegetables.
Long-term outlook: products continue to be new and channel development contributions increase. 1) At the end of the product: in recent years, companies have introduced new products, such as sparkling wind, double-cheese chopsticks, with good growth potential, and through the development of new paths around the "8-B" layout, prefabricated vegetables, meals, etc.
The organization of companies downstream of the industry chain may reduce the exposure of companies to the industry cycle and hope to achieve sustained growth in performance.
The company has a stronger profitability than its peers, and the science-based channel structure also contributes to productive production Profit forecasting and valuation: the company is the dragon of meat products, leading the market in slaughter and meat products. 22 years of external pressure, the company's meat sales have been largely stable, and the performance of the frozen products has been stable.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.