The power plant is the leader of the company, and the top class is growing in the market - for the first time, the company covered and evaluated the performance of 25h1
The company is the head of the power plant, the product continues to be graded, the market share of the domestic grid is rising steadily, the volume of overseas releases breaks, and the new products, storage, super-power capacitors are expected to be new growth points, and the profitability of the company continues to increase.
The country’s share of the electricity grid has risen steadily. The country’s high investment in the grid, the firm’s deep cultivation and expansion of the domestic market, and the consolidation and uplifting of the market share of mainstream products in the consumers of the grid are expected to benefit from the speed at which the network’s investments are made. According to statistics, the value of the country’s grid transmission equipment in one to three tenders over 25 years amounted to 54,064 million yuan, or +24.8 per cent.
In 25 years, Xingen won a total of 3,925 million yuan in one to three batches, supported by an increase in one to three batches in 24 years, of which 25 to one batch achieved a breakthrough in the 750kv mix of electrical appliances.
Billion dollars, +88.95 per cent, or 33.68 per cent of total revenue, and +9.12 pcts. According to the year 2030, investments in the global electricity grid are expected to double to $600 billion, with high demand for transformation and replacement in developed regions, and high demand for new construction in South-East Asia, the Middle East, Africa, etc.
With the establishment of subsidiaries or equity participation companies in more than 20 countries and regions, and the break-up of companies in high-end markets in Britain, Italy, Saudi Arabia and Kuwait in 2024, we believe that corporate profitability will continue to grow as a result of an increase in overseas revenue.
New products continue to hatch, store energy, supercharge, and are expected to be new growth points. Companies place great importance on product openings, technological innovations, constantly enriching existing product lines, actively exploring new ones such as flexible direct transmissions, storage, static co-motion cameras, auto electrons, middle-pressure switches, holsters, smart carriers, low-pressure switches, hyper-complexing, etc.
Products, new business opportunities, and the future are expected to maintain a sustained lead in growth dynamics in the industry. Current, storage, full product coverage, accelerated overseas expansion.
The acquisition of a major spot project for automobile companies, with initial approval and active pilot applications in innovative applications such as static synchronous cameras (ssc) in the field of electricity systems, post-grid power supply, etc., is expected to expand in the future to the area of Aidc to create a new growth curve.
Catalog I. Higher overseas sales, higher profitability, higher income profits, higher overseas receipts. 8.497 billion yuan, +37.80 per cent, 2025h1.
+21.14%. Currently, electricity transmission and distribution equipment in developed regions of the overseas market, such as Europe and North America, has been operating for many years, with greater scope for transformation and replacement; electricity infrastructure in South-East Asia, the Middle East, Africa, etc., is lagging behind, and opportunities for new construction exist. The domestic transformer industry exports remain strong, and according to the General Customs Administration, the total value of our transformer exports in January-June 2025 amounted to $3.919 billion.
+36% of the year; $785 million of the month of June, +46.10% of the month, ring +102.19% of the month. The shortage of overseas power equipment is not clear, and the company’s high-voltage grade products are either out of the sea or are more sustainable. Companies now have subsidiaries or shareholdings in more than 20 countries and regions, including Brazil, Mexico, Switzerland, Kenya, and more companies in 2024 in the United Kingdom, Italy, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, etc.
As high-end markets break through, we believe that corporate profitability will continue to grow with further increases in overseas revenue ratios. Increasing market and sales inputs, declining financial cost rates are mainly affected by exchange rate changes, and declining management, R & D rates are mainly burdened by large-scale costs. Companies focus on the continued accumulation of inputs into product technology and technological human capital, and increasing forward-looking technology inputs.
For example, flexible direct transmission of electricity, new energy, storage, environmental protection, networking of goods, car electronics, etc., profits have continued to rise. 2025h1 net profit to mother + 1,293 million yuan, equal to 45.71 per cent, net profit to company + $1.236 billion, figure 12: net profit to company Quarterly
Figure 13: Net profit from corporate deductions not attributable to the mother, Figure 14: Quarterly share of net profit from corporate deductions not attributable to the mother
(i) Continuous product upgrading, robust growth, deep into the energy sector. Since 2004, companies have been expanding their product categories and upgrading their product voltage levels from a single product to a provider of multi-products and solutions. At present, companies are a few of the transmission and distribution equipment industries with electricity systems.
A company with the capability to develop, manufacture and solve products such as equipment (traditional mechanical power), secondary equipment (control power), storage and equipment related to power quality management. Switches and coil products are core products.
Figure 21: Business income from corporate coil-type products, Figure 22: Business income from corporate incompensation-type products, Figure 23: Business income from corporate smart equipment-type products
(ii) A steady increase in the share of the domestic electricity grid market The investment in the domestic grid has increased. According to the National Energy Agency, the national grid was invested 29.11 billion yuan in January-June 2025, i.e. + 14.6 per cent, and the national grid was further invested in 2025, with an expected investment of more than 650 billion yuan for the first time in the year, with the Southern grid forecasting.
With multiple factors driving us to think that investment in the grid is still high, that super-voltage and trans-regional transmission of electricity are investment priorities, that the number of electricity distributions is expected to rise, and that the company, as the engine of transmission, is expected to benefit from deep-farming and expansion of the domestic market to consolidate and increase the market share of mainstream products in the consumers of the grid.
The company also achieved a faster increase in the winning amount in the grid feeder equipment. According to statistics, the amount of tenders for the national grid transmission equipment was 54,064 million yuan for 25 years, compared with 24.8 per cent for 25 years, and the sum of the winning amount for Ideal Power in the 1-3 series for 25 years amounted to 3,925 million yuan, underpinned by a 25-to-one breakthrough in the 750kv package. The company continued to increase its research and development innovation activities in high-end markets.
Expanding key clients and providing them with integrated solutions across product lines is expected to consolidate and upgrade mainstream products in the market of grid customers (iii) the global high investment in grids, with overseas breakthroughs to boost profits. Global grid investments are expected to double to $600 billion in 2030, and emerging markets are expected to contribute more.
Since 2015, around $300-350 billion has been invested in the global electricity grid. In the target scenario, government investment in the grid will need $870 billion a year. In 2024, Europe, the United States, China, and parts of Latin America will lead the way, moving from the advanced economies to the emde countries. Countries such as the United Kingdom, the United States, Japan, India, Brazil, South Africa, etc. have accelerated the grid.
In the case of the European Union, for example, in 2022, the European Union launched the “Digitalization of Energy Systems” and in 2023 continued to launch the Electricity Network Action Plan, which aims to invest €584 billion in electricity grid upgrading in Europe between 2020 and 2030. Overseas incomes have continued to grow, with more than 30% of overseas earnings. Corporate earnings abroad have continued to grow, rising from 840 million yuan in 2018.
Power distribution equipment has been operating for many years, with larger replacement space; electricity infrastructure in South-East Asia, the Middle East, Africa, etc., is lagging behind, and there are greater opportunities for new business. Companies have now established sub- or equity companies in more than 20 countries, including Brazil, Mexico, Switzerland, Kenya, and other regions.
Work on construction, installation debugging, etc., has a wide scope of management and a long project cycle (1-3 years). We believe that companies have a long-term commitment to overseas strategies, sustaining products and market inputs, and overseas operations are expected to be important growth points.
The company ' s overseas Māori ratio has been rising steadily, and the Māori rate for the Thought Electric Overseas business has continued to be higher than that of its counterparts, and we believe it would be beneficial if the company ' s products and channels were recognized and cost controlled. (iv) Continued incubation of new products, storage capacity, supercharges are expected to become a new growth point.
New products, such as product development and technological innovation, continue to be hatched. The company places great emphasis on product development and technological innovation, constantly enriching existing product lines, actively developing flexible, direct transmissions, storage, static synchronous cameras, auto electronics, middle voltage switches, holsters, smart carriers, low voltage switches, hypercompatibility, etc. New products, new business opportunities, and it is expected to maintain a sustained lead growth dynamic in the industry in the future.
At the end of August 2023, the company launched a full series of “From the grid to the home” energy storage products, which now cover three-phase high-pressure mix-reverse transformers (10-50kw), a chain-based transformer, an integrated storage system, and a full-time multi-median large core storage system. In 2024, the company invested a total of $1 billion in new thinking energy and electrical electronics projects.
Almost 64 units (sets) of equipment such as fully automated pack production line, storage pcs production line, Svg product line automation, 33 units (2024-2025) and 31 units (2026-2027). In market settings, station-level and large-scale industrial and industrial energy storage products are mainly oriented towards the domestic market, domestic light-storage products are dedicated to overseas markets, and overseas reserves are held.
The super-voltage is a storage device between conventional batteries and ordinary capacitors with charge speed (sec to minutes), long cycle life (over 500,000), high power density (up to 10 kw/kg) and working temperature range.
Characteristics such as width (-40°c to 85°c). Currently applied mainly in the transport sector, such as energy recovery for hybrid vehicles and emergency power supply for orbital transport vehicles; new energy systems for wind and light power, including electrical voltage regulation for wind and photovoltaic power stations; and industrial automation systems, such as reduced energy consumption for port cranes and optimisation of power modules for heavy equipment, such as plasticizers.
The need for intelligence drives a strong demand for audc, and the super-volcanic response is instantaneous. At present, one has become a necessity for a new round of technological revolutions and industrial change around the world, and the demand for aaidc intelligence centre has emerged. According to Weida, an investment in global data centre construction is expected to reach $1 trillion in 2028.
In the uninterruptible power supply (ups) and dc240v, which have evolved towards high voltage, the importance of power bbu and lithium ion super-volclic has continued to grow; in the uninterruptible power supply scenario of the grid, the super-volcer can respond to power supply within 20 ms, at 1,500 per velocity of the diesel unit, preventing production losses and system failures, avoiding the serious consequences of the loss of products, production time, damage to equipment, etc. due to electrical quality problems such as power suspensions, suspensions, interruptions, etc.
Figure 35: Comparison of power capacitor pcs materials The company can cut into the super-volatile track via the share-in-stock subsidiary, the carbon carbide carbon. The carbide capacitors are the leading dry electrodes. Technology, high voltage electrochemical systems, all-polar hard-link structures, all-laser welding processes with low internal resistance, high safety, high reliability.
Quality of vehicle systems, widely applied to motor vehicles, new power systems, orbital traffic, industrial milliseconds, and second-class energy storage scenarios.
In our view, the super-cancer operation has effectively broadened the technological boundaries and market coverage of companies in the areas of new energy generation, smart grids, new energy, automobiles, industrial automation, technology co-sources, and is expected to expand to the area of Aidc in the future.
Combining the supercontainer huc terminal with the time to get in the car.
edlc module 18v200f garage/typeb edlc single 600f
Vehicle factory/car typec edlc single 330f edlc single 500f
Vehicle factory/car typee edlc single body 310f company switch-type operations include mainly gis, segregate switches, circuit breakers, company combinations depending on the size and speed of the investment in the grid
The market share of gis products is ahead, and products such as gis have a strong overseas demand and a high volume of revenue, and we expect the year 2025/2026/2027 to be open-seals, coils, meso-site products, electric resisters, sensors, transformers, oil chromatography and online monitoring systems, etc., non-functional compensation operations: corporate non-utility compensation operations include electrical electronic sets, electrical capacitors, streamers, etc., based on
Intelligent equipment business: company smart equipment business includes, for example, conversion station automation and relay protection systems, based on the size of the grid investment General engineering business: the company ' s main contractor project is to make epc of some transformer stations, and our current valuation level is estimated in comparison with other electrical equipment enterprises such as Mingyang Electric, Igor, Goldboard Technology, and Western Power in China, depending on the size and speed of the network ' s investment.
The value premium, the electricity equipment that comes out of the sea, will grow in the future as domestic and foreign markets continue to break and new products hatch, and companies will grow faster than comparable companype valuation tables (up to 2025.8.22). We will use the second phase dcf method for absolute valuations, for sensitivity analysis of the two parameters of a sustainable growth rate and a discount rate.
Euros, corresponding to a market value of $70.383 billion,1 risk of price volatility in the industrial chain. Prices such as prices of raw materials, semiconductor devices, international logistics costs, etc., have had an impact on corporate performance and business stability, depending on factors such as supply and demand and currency.
2. Risks of policy change. The electricity sector served by the company ' s products is an important basic sector of the national economy, and its development is vulnerable to factors such as national macroeconomic policies, industrial development and infrastructure.3 Competition in the industry increases the risk.
Markets are relatively mature, major clients are tendered, and the market is competitive. If competition in the industry increases, firms take their share of the market by lowering prices, leading to a new round of price wars, the performance of firms in the industry will be further pressured and corporate profits will be further undermined.4 The risk of exchange rate fluctuations. Companies ' export operations are spread across more than 100 countries and territories, and the closing currencies involve the United States dollar, the euro, and the United Kingdom.
In many currencies, such as the pound, the Brazilian reais, and the Australian dollar, exchange-rate fluctuations will have a certain impact on the company’s performance. The Chinese Galaxy securities cgs personally committed themselves to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent manner.
This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities need not be treated as a customer by recipients as recipients of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.