Transport in China (600115) Optimization of the quality of air products and marketization of fares in the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Incident: On 30 December 2021, China's East China Airlines announced that, from 1 January 2022, the official direct channel of East China would sell the actual flights from East China, and that the actual flights on board would change the pattern of the original step-by-step completion of the “buy-and-check-check” machine.
Documents such as the Circular on Issues Related to the Reform of Line Transport Prices have recently been revised upwards to 1960 dollars in full prices on the Kyoto Line. • Directly to user pain points, air service products are leading industry changes to the popularization logic. The East Air Step-by-Step initiative is another important product and service awareness innovation for civil aviation.
Cost and cumbersome processes, air and ground travel are competitively disadvantaged in the short and medium run, reducing unnecessary chains, and bringing aviation products closer to modern life is an important way to optimize the long-term competitiveness of civil aviation.
On the technical level, it is feasible without marginal cost increases. On the contrary, the seat selection itself could be a product. Xiaojin measured that the project would save at least 30 minutes for passengers, with a time value of about a edifice of air fare reform and a elastic increase in the performance of the single-for-profit hub and the Division.
Market-based reforms are in their second phase: under the guidance of the Chinese Civil Aviation Authority ' s 2015 opinion on the implementation of the reform of the Civil Aviation Transport Prices and Fees Mechanism, more than 40% of the routes currently open to autonomous pricing. Hot and price-sensitive commercial routes like the Kyoto Line are profit-elastic after price increases.
Even higher, the Tokyo Line earned $1.25 billion in 2018, corresponding to a full ticket price of $1.360. If the guest rate is the same as in 18 years, the full fare is 1960, the overall fare is raised by 10 per cent, and the line is profitable at $1.5 billion (+20 per cent) throughout the year.
There is room for upward improvement in the annual supply-demand relationship; during the same period, if the international line were to be liberalized by the end of the 22nd year, it would be effective to increase the number of aircraft in Japan (600115): the internal line and the cargo boom, with a narrow loss rate of q2 (2021-08-31)
China’s East China Air has led the industry in the innovation of civil aviation products, and we believe that the industry has seen a turning point in business for 22 years, looking at the company’s elastic performance as a result of price increases. With the onset of the outbreak, we have revised our performance forecast downwards, and we have revised it down.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.