A friend's network depth report: "Use" platform, "Friends" ecology 05 08.021
Back-office management products, gradually expanded to middle-stage Paas management, and extended to business systems such as front-office marketing, customer relationship management, supplier management and manufacturing, which were not previously within the narrow erp domain, will become a market of incremental cloud-based erp.
The cloud ecology created by Paas facilitates the development and marketing of software products by third parties on the platform, from which the erp manufacturer will be drawn into a new business model. Large-scale firms are the core of cloud promotion, while mixed clouds are more responsive to customers.
The size of the market will reach hundreds of billions. The rich product matrix and the leading market position: the cloud product matrix of friends consists of two parts: cloudp, which focuses on the management of the enterprise’s internal resources, and commercial innovation, which focuses on the enterprise’s external linkages.
Platform bip. In 2020, the cumulative number of customers in yonbip reached nearly 5,000, the company’s products were leading in large firms, and the idea of external management, the company’s Internet, was leading the international manufacturer.
For industry first, there is a clear competitive advantage, and the industrial Internet logic is increasing the future market space for a friend network. Youonbip, based on the concept of synergizing services and eco-development, has developed an eco-partner that serves more than 10 million business clients, brings together more than 100,000 businesses, companies.
Communities with more than a billion people to achieve the hundreds of millions of revenue-earning development goals, reflecting strategic considerations and firm determination to use friends for business innovation. Quite a classy customer development strategy: for large business clients, “need to respond” is not intended.
Emphasis is placed on product patterns to meet client needs in all their aspects. As the platforming strategy moves forward, friends focus more on standardized applications, individualization will be done by ecological partners; for medium-sized enterprise clients, the rapid rise of friends in Yoonsuite and u8c/u9c, by transforming software.
The stock of clients of the time is “back home” and, for micro-business clients, “catch-up” is a determined strategy to increase public-owned income, while signing high-quality life-forming partners such as the United States Corps, telecommunications and mobile companies, using ecological links to achieve large-scale coverage of micro-enterprises, leading to a rise in income from subscriptions.
▪ “Use” the platform, “friend” ecology: yombip is building a differentiated competitive advantage through the concept of platforming and eco-economy. Using the eco-strategy, friends use the development model of standardized products + eco-products + application + customerization to integrate quality ecological partners based on standardized products.
Products, on the basis of which they are delivered jointly through implementation and customerization. As of March of 20211, the Friends Network (600588), friends and friends had over 1,300 business partners in software operations and cloud services, yonstore.
There are more than 8,700 resident partners with significant advantages in eco-building. Future user income will be generated by the flat network, which will increase the speed of attention paid to cloud service operations, and platforming, which will be made up of both desktop income plus subscription income, as a friend's ecology improves.
The commission income of Project 2021-07-17 will gradually increase the income size and quality of the user ' s friends. 2, Friends Network (600588), one season
The long-term know-how accumulation has become a nuclear barrier to competition, and we are looking forward to the development of the Yoonbip platform carrying a friend's “platform” plus the “ecological” strategy.
Annual Report: Performance meets expectations and performance, and the size and quality of income from friends will continue to improve, and we expect target cities to be expected in 2021; market competition will increase; the start-up industry will not progress as expected;
1. The country’s erp industry is expected to meet digital and national production market opportunities. The cloud computing track continues to be high.
Forty-four per cent of domestic firms have high demand and the trend is accelerating. According to idc, more than 90 per cent of enterprises in China in 2021 will use cloudy methods, i.e. managing their own information systems through public and private cloud combinations; the digitalization of enterprises will not be fully realized until 2027, and markets should be fully aware of the long-term and continuous nature of their processes.
In the future, Chinese firms will turn to higher-end manufacturing, with products and services presenting sophisticated and complex characteristics, which will require firms to be more professional in managing their resources. With firms, the number of firms will increase.
In the traditional software service domain, many industries in the country are in the vanguard of overseas firms. In the process of corporate warming, new technologies have re-established domestic and foreign firms to run together. Cloud technology has been extended to domestic software firms.
In the domestic high-end erp market, sap and oracle are in a monopoly position. According to data from the China Union of Industrial Technology and Software Industries, 2019 was based on sales of high-end domestic erp.
With only 12% of the end-of-life market share in the market, the share of domestic producers is first, the sum of saps and oracles is 50%, so there is a vast future of alternatives to national production. The process of nationalization is being carried out as an important platform for carrying enterprise data. According to data from listed companies, only the market rules were introduced during the 14-55 period.
The model is expected to reach hundreds of billions, and it is also expected that the market will be produced by state-owned and large-scale private-owned companies. Figure 2: China’s high-end erp market share in 2019.
In the context of the global digital economy, cloud computing becomes an inevitable option for the digital transformation of firms. The new generation of digital transformation platforms should first and foremost be built on the cloud environment, with its many natural advantages in carrying the environment, expanding its capacity, and integrating services.
erp clouding widens the product boundaries. On the basis of a platformed logic, erp manages products from a single enterprise backstage, gradually extending to middle-stage Paas management, and then to front-office marketing, customer relationship management, vendor management.
The components of technology and manufacturing, which were previously outside the narrow range of erp, will be the incremental market for cloud-based erp. The cloud ecology created by the Chinese paas will facilitate the development and marketing of software products by third parties on the platform, from which the erp manufacturer will be drawn into a new business model.
Cloudization improves the quality of the erp vendor's operations. Compared to the traditional software age, the erp manufacturer has raised the erp market ceiling by providing its customers with cloud products and upgrading its infrastructure to its clients; and has benefited from the high demand downstream and the widening of product boundaries, with the number of customers and the value of single customers continuously rising; the industry that has been deposited by medium-stage and ecological construction know-
1.3. SMEs are not the main battleground for cloud computing. Small and medium-sized enterprises are less willing to pay for management software.
The proportion of small and medium-sized enterprises using free tools as the main human resources management tool in the country is about half, with an extra 30% or more of their manual records. The survival of small and medium-sized enterprises is much more stressful than that of large enterprises, which makes it easier for small and medium-sized enterprises to invest in decision-making in areas where returns are direct and significant, such as marketing channels.
Small and medium-sized enterprises tend to have weak financial chains and less affordable software. Small-scale enterprises in our country generally face financing.
Difficulties, weaknesses in the financial chain, and according to the June 2020 study of the China Association of Small and Medium Enterprises, more than 60% of MSMEs reflect the tightness of the company ' s financial chain and the liquidity gap, while only 10% indicate that the available funds can sustain the business for more than six months, while 30.36% of SMEs reflect financing difficulties.
The small emblem enterprise has a short life cycle, which makes it difficult to support the subscription-based payment model. The logic of the overseas saas emphasizes the provision of standardized and subscription-based services to clients, making profits through long-term stable cash inflows and declining marginal costs.
According to the Chinese People’s Bank, China’s MSMEs Financial Services Report (2018), China’s average life expectancy for SMEs is three years, compared to 8 and 12 years in the United States and Japan, respectively. Small and medium-sized enterprises in the country have a shorter life cycle, cloud producers often do not earn enough income, and customers have stopped operating.
Large business customers are the core of cloud business promotion. Large business customers have a sticker effect, in addition to having a better ability to pay.
Long-term business development needs. Whether there are mature and complete solutions for large customers will be an important consideration for future customers in choosing cloud products.
By raising barriers to competition through large-scale enterprise customers. erp manufacturers need to process their firms, and the accumulation of industry know-how is often the most important thing that motivates their customers. At a time when technology is relatively easy to achieve, a profound understanding of the needs of the industry is the competitive barrier for cloud producers.
The development direction sought is to promote the maturity of cloud producers ' products and platforms, giving them a stronger endogenous and replicability capability, from which future business expansion will capture more market demand and reduce the cost of more products.
Public clouds are more beneficial to cloud producers because of standardization and subscription, but the needs of customers dominate the industry 1.5.1. The public cloud structure contradicts the needs of large firms' customers who use public cloud services without having to maintain any infrastructure, using cloud computing resources directly like hydroelectric coal.
These resources are located in the data centres of cloud providers and shared with multiple clients who access them via the Internet. But there is always a gap between business realities and the ideals of technology enterprises. The standardization, subscription, and cloud storage features of public clouds do not match the needs of large corporate customers.
Large-scale business customers naturally need customization. Large-scale firms have complex business operations, often with their own business models and management streams, and require a lot of custom development by cloud producers to respond to their customers’ needs.
For domestic enterprises, subscriptions are granted only on a temporary basis, and the fee-for-subscription model still requires a long educational process. Moreover, according to the Ministry of Finance and the National Tax Administration’s regulations on the accounting treatment of software, the acquisition of computer software is included in the asset class, subscriptions.
Large enterprises, especially the United States, are more stringent in their control of the cost subjects, making it easier to accept the form of payment that is made out of purchases. Large-scale business customers are more interested in data security.
Data centres pose a certain risk to enterprise data security. Large enterprise customers, especially in government, finance, operators, etc., have a wide variety of compliance requirements that allow local storage of data as much as possible. Table 1: The face of the public cloud structure
Businesses such as retail, logistics, manufacturing, are very demanding for the stability of the erp system, and are unable to accept the mandatory renewal of the saas erp system’s demand model.
For large enterprises, standard business processes often fail to meet the needs of the enterprise, and typically require a process such as the order-to-delivery process to be adapted to the enterprise's circumstances, so that the erp software code itself can be changed.
The standardized model allows only some process functions to be enhanced and expanded, and does not allow the client to change the code so that it does not meet the needs of some enterprises.
The erp system contains a large amount of production, customer, and financial data from the enterprise. For some industries, such as government, finance, the nuclear data-processing compliance security test, the int system cannot be placed on a public cloud and can only be managed in its own data centre.
Socialized information and resource sharing allows firms to respond in real time to changes in the market and consumer demand, but also to build more competitive businesses through inter-firm industry chains and synergies.
A public cloud brings artificial intelligence back to the enterprise. If an enterprise wants to do an internal data query or a uniform report, a common erp can do that: if an enterprise wants to do an artificial intelligence application and data mining, it has to connect to a public.
Accompanied by social data storage and cloud platform numeracy. Businesses should deploy public clouds on demand.
Table 2: Applications suitable for public cloud deployment 1.5.3. Mixed clouds are more responsive to client needs
Mixed cloud deployment usually means connecting client-owned computing facilities with public cloud computing facilities via a dedicated line or vpn, and seamless integration of publicly-owned, privately owned cloud and internally deployed applications. Enterprises create an enabling and securely balanced environment for the int environment through mixed clouds.
With mixed clouds, customers can buy their own assets around their base, transport their own private clouds, while short-term fluctuations can be met by public cloud services, which can be eliminated by peak demand. Companies can also keep low-viability infrastructure services in their own facilities.
Mixed clouds are becoming the direction of international manufacturers. The mixed cloud strategy has now received double support from manufacturers and customers, ending the public and private cloud-to-black or white dispute and making the whole industry more pragmatic.
Business opportunities have also emerged: Microsoft, Amazon, ibm, google, and other leading cloud computing firms have launched their own hybrid cloud solutions. Because of the mainstreaming of cloud mixing programmes, cloud computing firms have started to compete from the cost of underlying cloud resources to the application development of ecosystems.
Table 3:Sap's definition of "smart enterprise" erp 2. Using a matrix of friendly cloud products that reaches the full range of user needs, bip becomes the new generation of product patterns. With cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, new technological layers
The whole industry has gone from information to intelligence, and the client's core needs are no longer process excellence and efficiency, but rather how to respond quickly to the market, make business innovations, and re-engineer development. Clients no longer need process-driven erp software services, but data-driven business innovation platform cloud services.
According to information disclosed in the Friends 2020 annual report, the company ' s product line revenue consists mainly of the bip type, the Yunerp, the government and public organizations, the industry cloud and the open-flowing cloud industry.
erp and bip emphasize the internal management of the enterprise and external connections, respectively. The cloud product matrix of friends consists mainly of two pieces, one focusing on the management of the enterprise’s internal resources, including ncc, u8c and t+c, and the other on the business innovation platform (bip) focusing on the enterprise’s external linkages, including yombip and targeting large enterprises.
In medium-sized enterprises, erp and bip are leaves and trees. The goal of the bip is to support a firm's fast-connected, fast-access industry, upstream and downstream enterprises, and even social resources, and to build an industrial Internet. So, from this objective, a broader version of the bip is:
With erp, it's easy for ecological partners, as an industrial node, to have rapid access to the industrial Internet. An industry is like a tree with three parts: leaves, branches, trunks. A trunk is like an industrial Internet, a leaf is like an industrial downstream and an ecological enterprise, all through branches.
Figure 10: The relationship between erp and bip
Medium-sized Enterprise Cloudp Small Enterprise Cloudp Business Centre, Application Centre, Data Center, Smart Center
Low-code development platform, open-openapi platform, integrated platform portal, application shop, retail cloudaas supply chain saas
Making saas clouds: trunks, socialized tax services
The key to business innovation is the industry Internet (connected up and down) and business on-line. Enterprises can use connectivity.
The network attracts global users quickly, provides online services to global users 24x7 and directly connects and interacts with final consumers at zero distance. The core value of bip for business clients is that large and medium-sized enterprises can easily innovate in the context of the industry’s Internet age.
Table 5: Bip ' s core value to an enterprise ' s customer to connect, connect everything, transform an enterprise into an industrial Internet company that can be driven by technological intelligence
The company-driven concept and strategic positioning of the Business Innovation Platform (bip) is consistent with the global trend in the business applications and services industry. The yonbip platform focuses on corporate policy.
Industry Internet and future business understanding and layout have resulted in integrated integration and connectivity of corporate products. yombip completion is based on cloud-based technologies, using non-server computing and micro-service structures, connecting within and outside the enterprise, centred on the middle of the business, the middle of the business and the medium of the technology, and based on a unified platform and public services that create a business innovation ecology.
A strong base will serve as a unifying platform for the business of friendship and ecological futures as a whole. The future of friends will lead to eco-systematization for large-scale business customers, industry for medium-sized business customers, and a standardized product matrix for small and medium-sized business customers.
2.2.nccc+yonbip assists large business clients in achieving business innovation. Companies offer blended cloud solutions to large enterprises (including giants and larger businesses in general) using the yombip and nccloud platforms for business innovation with friends.
2.2.1. yonbip carries the value propositions of connectivity and ecology. yonbip is the application + medium + ecology. yonbip consists mainly of application services, platform services and ecological services.
Develop platforms, connect platforms, cloud markets, etc.. So yombip can be understood to be an effective combination of applications such as field clouds, industry clouds, and other tools such as low-code development platforms to bring together solutions for large-scale business innovation.
Figure 12: Yoonbip architecture map Industry connectivity through end-to-end supply chain control. yombip focuses on eight core areas of services, including marketing cloud, procurement cloud, production cloud, supply chain cloud, financial cloud, financial cloud, financial cloud, etc.
Manpower clouds, synergizing clouds. There are usually four players on the industry Internet: first, retail stores, second, distribution agents, third brand manufacturers, fourth, suppliers of raw materials, and, accordingly, yombip uses four clouds to open the supply chain: managing retail stores can achieve 2c, agents and
Distributors can use supply-chain clouds, manufacturers make clouds, and suppliers of upstream raw materials use clouds, which can be independent of each other or connect to each other, and when integrated together they can achieve industrial connectivity for the yonbip platform.
The technology platform, the data platform, the smart platform, the business centre, the low-code development platform and the connection platform are called iuap.
Supporting each other, the ai mid-stage provides the smartness of business innovation in business, and the four main mid-stages complement each other, providing a strong medium-level capacity support for business innovation in the business sector. Table 6: yonbip medium-level 4
The basic technology base of yombep is designed to provide development, integration, etc. Paas services for friends and platform ecology.
Industrial standard services such as data movement, graphic tags, relationship mapping and intelligent analysis services. yombip ' s ai enterprise brain, based on big enterprise data, domain models, algorithms, built by smart workshop development platforms, enabling traders, smart mediums
Digital work assistants help upgrade user experiences; rpa robotic business processes, enabling operations, business brains help managers to make smart business decisions and achieve business innovations that are sensitive, lightly managed and intelligent. Apaas supports socialized business modelling, supports multiple tenants, business groups, inter-firm relationships, socialized master data, unified enterprises.
Industry and user identity management, automated business processes, built up marketing, procurement, manufacturing, supply chain, finance, finance, manpower, and coordinated operations on the basis of apaas, deposited generic business component services in various areas, supported cloud services in the field of yombep, industry cloud services, and cloud service innovations in the ecological partners of business services.
Eco-platforms support rapid co-creation and business innovation by businesses and eco-partners. yonbip’s bio-services include low-code development platforms, yonbuilder, cloud markets, developers’ udn, yonbip’s same account centre and client community, etc., by providing a life-cycle Isv service
Online, building a global leading corporate service industry co-founder platform, working with partners to co-service enterprises yombip emphasizes connectivity and ecology, respectively. yombip ' s two core positions are yombip ' s co-sharing platform for building community-based business application infrastructure and business service industries.
2.2.2.Yonbip ' s business model includes participatory promotion and platform extraction.
Involved promotion brings up the size and stickyness of customers. At this stage, we're promoting bip by means of a large business belt that moves a company up the supply chain, i.e., by engaging in a cloud mode. If a firm's first-level agent uses a share to sell the cloud, thousands of allied shops under its flag need to go up to yonbip, and it's up to scale.
For example, in the future, the saddle steel group will build a friendly supply chain service, making a one-stop electronic procurement exchange with suppliers. The saddle steel group will publish tender information through the friendly cloud and will no longer be bidding through the line, and upstream manufacturers will have to use their friends’ products to bid, thereby prompting tens of thousands of suppliers to quickly become friends and customers.
The income based on the platform will be an important increase in the user’s performance. When youonbip has a platform effect, the user will charge large firms a platform fee and a fee on the value of the transaction. In addition, with Yoonbip, eco-business partners can develop and sell software products on the yombip platform from which they can draw.
Additional income increases. Salesforce, the global leader of the crm, has built a better ecology, and according to data released by idc in 2019, the eco-platform will earn $4.29 per dollar, and idc expects that the eco-platform benefits will increase to $5.8 by 2024.
yombip is a combination of the iuap+ field/industry cloud, a combination system of paas+saas, where the purchase of iuap platforms or field/industry clouds will all be included as yonbip’s clients.
According to the user’s annual report for 2020, yombip’s cumulative number of clients has reached 4949, leading the ranks of his colleagues, especially in the case of iuap, which is already used by many Chinese companies. In addition, BMW’s major international companies, such as China, Volvo, and Mifu, have abandoned the sap and oracle’s distribution management system.
2.2.3. yonbip’s industrial Internet logic raises the future market space The industrial Internet market space is larger. According to the idc report, the industrial cloud market is divided into industrial cloud infrastructure and settlement programme markets. China’s industrial cloud solution market reached $1,189 million in 2020, and idc is projected to be 2025
A total of $7,184 million will be achieved, with compound growth of 43% in 2020-2025. The use of the friendly and intelligent industry Internet platform (also known as the friendly bip industrial cloud, short term: the smart platform) is a comprehensive application of the alumni bip to industrial enterprises, a socialized smart cloud platform for industrial enterprises; and the first state-level jobs.
One of the business Internet platforms, continuously selected in 2019 and 2020, is a list of industry-wide and cross-cutting industrial Internet platforms. Using friends as industrial Internet service providers to start up with management software, they make full use of their pre-existing business advantages, find industry-specific positions, and develop clear strategic plans.
Public information holdings, Alibaba, etc., start with management information, are in the middle of connecting industry and the Internet, and are essential hubs for companies. Based on this advantage, friends have developed an “two integrations, two models, five pillars” of an industrial Internet strategy.
(1) Two integrations: vertical access to the industrial Internet, both inside and outside the enterprise, based on the management of the information base. Vertical extension is more directed towards the management of the enterprise’s internal resources, including equipment clouds and smart manufacturing, making the data network truly valuable by integrating the network and the enterprise management information system. For example, placing equipment data and asset management
Combining the automatic inspection of equipment can improve production safety and reduce maintenance costs. Horizontal extension of more stations, from the point of view of the company’s external connections, improves the efficiency of the industry up and down by working with the Internet. (2) Two business models: industrial Internet platforms for large enterprises that use friends to help them build private clouds; and medium-sized ones.
Small businesses, with government-led public cloud SME packages. The SME package covers three components: smart manufacturing diagnostics, equipment, uplifting, and safety, including basic applications and deep applications, which are paid for by the government and which are expected to increase the speed and proportion of the upper cloud in SMEs.
(3) Five pillars of support: technology support for basic technology platforms, iuap-based and self-researched material networking platforms, talent support for the integration of new technology industries, and production support for collaboration with China’s Institute of Industrial Internet Research.
A number of label clients from different industries, such as the Copper Group, the Newcomers Group, the Twins Group and the Saddle Steel Group, have been obtained. According to the case of the Network, using the New Energy Cars Unicorn Group, for example, it brings together a number of systems applications such as friend u9, plm, bes, dms, srm, oa, covering more than two dozen regional business organizations across the country, digitizing it.
The procurement plan was raised from eight days to two hours, the production plan was more efficient by 500 per cent and the delivery rate by more than 90 per cent.
China ' s industrial cloud application solution has a market share of 12.5% and is the first in the industry. As of July 2021, the number of partner applications stood at 13060, connecting about 1.3 million equipment. 2.2.4.nccloud is a fully-based erp product for large enterprise customers.
Nccloud serves the intellectualisation of large enterprises. nccloud is an age of intellectual enterprise, a cloud-oriented erp product for large enterprises that has been upgraded to a cloud-based architecture based on the iuap technology platform, is a service community for large business owners, integrated applications, and is the most mature solution for large firms to operate and manage within them. nccloud supports both
The flexible deployment of public clouds, mixed clouds, the mix of digital marketing and new retailing, digital plants and smart manufacturing, digital purchasing and supply chain synergies, smart taxation and electronic invoicing, performance and talent management, social cohesion, etc.
In cloud-based deployment patterns, operations in different areas are cut into microservices of appropriate particle size depending on the characteristics of the business. They can be tailored to the specific circumstances of the client (e.g., in the case of the user).
Resources, service usage, stress, etc.), particle size can be matched, microservices for business applications are connected to integration, and new thinking on the transformation of mind is recreated. Friends nccloud are connected, coordinated, shared socialization. Business concepts based on openapi, building people, machines and machines, people and machines, people and organizations, consumers and people.
Businesses, as well as different subjects such as suppliers, distributors, core firms and consumers, information between organizations, real-time connection of data, intelligent sharing, help companies to re-establish value networks, reshape business ecology, and achieve social resources.
As of May 2021, according to a network of company officials, a friend nccloud has been certified as compatible with nearly 50 nationally produced products, resulting in a full digitalization of safe and credible enterprises with u8/u9cloud support.
2.3.1. Yonsuite focuses on the innovation of the business, giving the best saas sound, is the “growth-oriented business version” of yonbip deployed by the public cloud. The company provides a yonsuite cloud service package based on the yonbip platform for growth-oriented enterprises. yonsuite is fully met in a pure public cloud, microservice cluster form.
Firms ' strong demand for agility, flexibility, and demand-driven change, enabling the transformation and upgrading of traditional enterprises, and the rapid start-up of emerging ones, led the country to a qualitative breakthrough in publicly owned cloud services by pushing the public cloud industry away from area-level saas to full-scale coverage, technological leadership, ecosystem integrity, and supporting a paradigm shift in socialized commerce.
The core purpose of yonsuite is to help businesses build new online platforms that are digital. The full onlineization of businesses means a unified whole that connects all organizations, management and business, producers, suppliers and ecological partners, building on the same platform to create socially integrated businesses, extending synergies from internal management to the industrial chain, from the region.
The expansion of operations to global markets, the shift from product production to service operations, the integration of integration from below-line to above-line, the transition from supporting development to managerial empowerment, and the eventual intellectual transformation of global domains. Table 8: yonsuite helps to onlineize medium-sized enterprise clients
yonsuite helps businesses to connect to business boundaries, achieve business upstream and downstream transaction synergies, resource sharing, data sharing, upgrading production chain efficiency, reducing transaction costs yonsuite is client-centred, and creates agile supply of production and cross-regional and inter-national business collaboration
c2m collaborates with product innovation, smart manufacturing, high-quality, low-cost, low-cost, low-cost, low-cost, low-cost, low-cost, human-financial integration of cloud management solutions, and contributes to the upgrading of digital corporate management. yonsuite works in a simple and efficient way to communicate and team together for all business, and to organize synergies.
Online collaboration yonsuite online partner services through open, integrated and mutually beneficial industrial resource chains, data services, social services, finance online ecology
Technologically advanced and growth-oriented business innovation. yonsuite, based on a friend ' s iuap platform, has structural characteristics such as cloud prototyping, microservices, mesoization, digital separation, especially in the high volume and development scenario, where yonsuite uses high-capacity cloud-based databases that give firms sufficient flexibility to process peak data and business flows.
yonsuite, composed of hundreds of micro-services, has built up a large and complex micro-service cluster, reorganized into small and fine stand-alone services with a high degree of expansion and flexibility, allowing growth-oriented firms to respond quickly to market changes, adjust business logic, significantly reduce the costs of trial error in the area of innovation and make real needs-driven changes.
A new integrated platform model. The new integrated platform model for yonsuite, “saas+paas+economy”, which provides three shortcuts to growing business innovation, also shapes a banner of publicly owned cloud services in the country. First, through standard yonsuite services, businesses can meet their basic needs and easily achieve “all on-line management business.”
Second, based on the use of a friend-to-child platform strategy, a number of excellent service providers work in depth with yonsuite to develop a landscape-level integration solution that meets the specific services of the enterprise. For many of the individualized needs of the enterprise, firms can quickly build their own exclusive services through low-code development capabilities in yonbuilder and apicloud.
Figure 23: Yonsuite Platform Structure 2.3.2. Growing Enterprise Cloudpu8clud and Growing Enterprise Digital Manufacturing Innovation Platform u9clud u8clud product, u8+erp package for medium-sized enterprises, including smart manufacturing, battalion
u8cloud is a new generation of cloudpups launched by friends. u8cloud focuses mainly on growing, innovative enterprises, providing corporate-level cloudp solutions that fully support multi-organizational business synergies, marketing innovation, smart finance, people
Power services, building industrial chain manufacturing platforms, integrating friendly cloud services, enabling companies to connect, share, and co-opt Internet resources, and enabling China’s growing businesses to develop and cloud innovation. With You8+, the Growing Business Ideas Upgrading Platform.
The three main areas of word marketing and smart taxation, with a completely new uap platform, address the development of a client base of medium-sized and growth-oriented enterprises, combining the 10 main industry application features of mechanical/electronic/air-forming/apparel/pharmaceutical/chemical/food/flow/logistics/property, providing a set of intellectual upgrading solutions for enterprise-level upgrading, fine management of growing enterprises, industrial chain synergy, social cohesion, etc.
u9clud.u9clud, an important part of the smart industry Internet platform, integrates the latest technologies, such as mobile Internet, big data, network of things, artificial intelligence, etc.
Plm, smart factory, alot, cloud-making, marketing, procurement, financial cloud, etc. services that build interconnected intelligence systems that can make them, provide comprehensive services to companies, integrate clouds, internationalize, operate with agility, productive intelligence, and fine-tune controls. u9clud provides a powerful intellectual production capacity, including smart scheduling and dispatch, intelligence.
Logistics drivers, smart quality determination, smart equipment monitoring, smart decision-making analysis, etc., create a one-stop intellectual upgrading program for growth-based enterprises, and recreate the intellectual core competitiveness of enterprises.
In order to unite leading firms in various industries, both within and outside the United Nations, the Alliance of Innovative Practices in Smart Manufacturing in China was launched to complement and integrate development into a flexible and integrated solution that would serve China's financial needs of small and medium-sized enterprises.
The company’s cloud services operations for micro-enterprises are provided by the Corporate Holdings Division, which has limited access to information technology shares.
Figure 26: Fast-forward saas service plate and main product type
Good accounting: professional cloud finance saas application to help housekeeping; smart supply chain to be efficient; smart money; financial staff to manage financial content, efficient and smart.
t+clud: effective fine-tuning, digitization, intellectual management, product innovation, business innovation, operations
Easy-to-account: cloud applications for accounting and accounting firms, online bookkeeping, mobile bookkeeping, free-of-charge, good business: easy handling of goods, stock management, clean-up, open
Installation, automatic upgrades. Support cell phones for check-ups, old backlines for new lines, unified management lines for multiple channels, 2.4.1. Internal intelligence taxes meet the core needs of micro-enterprises.
Good accounting – Smart cloud financial aid accounting. Good accounting is a professional cloud finance saas application for micro-enterprises, with automatic invoice collection, instrument recognition, smart bookkeeping, smart closure, tax tab generation, one key filing, etc., to help financiers manage financial content and improve financial management in micro-enterprises efficiently and intelligently.
In contrast to good accounting for the management of assets within an enterprise, it is a smart tax platform designed specifically for accounting and accounting companies, which collects management, accounts, and taxes. It includes smart notes, one key tax reporting, business annual reports automatically generated, employee dynamics regulatory platform standard customer operating systems, intelligence.
2.4.2. External smart businesses respond to the new retail era by providing small and medium-sized enterprises with a new trade, a new zero, through smart business products such as +, t+clud, good business, etc.
A good sales-type advance: A good business is an integrated saas product dedicated to finding, doing, managing, and selling micro-businesses, thereby helping micro-enterprises to easily manage goods and stocks and open up new channels for selling goods on the line.
Good business can build up small-scale programs for customers, provide a full-scale mobile application, and, through data analysis, market customers and commodities in a layered manner, including distribution, fission, live feed, etc. t+cloud support micro-enterprises integrated under new retail models: at this stage, with new retail models moving forward
Broadly, businesses need to improve and innovate traditional marketing models, combining online with logistics, to integrate goods and logistics channels; geographical constraints are broken, markets are expanding, and product sales cover not only the entire country, but even potentially cross-country operations.t+clud is a “people, money, goods, passengers” introduced by a fast-tracked, small-scale trade, industrial and trade emblem enterprise.
Integrated saas products can help enterprises to achieve seamless interfaces from order recognition to back-office stocks, integrated management of stocks, sales data, etc. Rapid access to markets.
2020 reported that good accounting based on market size was first in cloud finance, and t+clud in cloud market coverage, while easy access ranked first in the combined strength of traditional financial software-conversion cloud service providers. At digital congresses, easy access was awarded to "the most influential brand of medium-sized and micro-business saas cloud services in 2020."
Multiple awards. 3. Use friendly, calibrated client development strategies and leading platform strategies 3.1. Large client strategies: “Achieving the right to respond”
3.1.1. The advantage of a friend in a large client area is evident in the accumulation of a friend in a large corporate client area. First, based on the sales value of a friend in a high-end market with a market share of domestic manufacturers, according to the third quarterly report of 2020, the friend successfully signed the national electricity grid, China ' s sea oil, Guizhou Maotai in 2020.
According to the annual report of 2020, the number of clients in konbip has reached 4949, the number of clients in nccloud has reached 876, the number of clients in China is widespread, and the number of clients is far ahead of the industry.
Large customers have very high barriers to business. Large customers need industry insight and corporate strategic understanding, business consulting planning, technology and product support, and sustained operations and experience.
When a cloud company moves into the market for large-scale customers, it must have a comprehensive capability to continue to transport its customers in order to reap the benefits.
China uses yonbip in its core field, which is far-reaching. For the first time, it was revealed in the 2020 newspaper, erp is the core and foundation of a number of intellectually transformed businesses, and it is a choice of friends, and it reflects trust in yonbip’s product capacity and continuous innovation in its field, with a punctuation effect.
The company continuously upgrades its own level of innovation, becoming the head of both the erp and finance working group of the Technical Committee on Information Technology Applications and Innovation of the China Association for Standardization of Electricity and Sub-Industries, both of which are working in the field of information technology.
It represents technological strength and official trust. Friends have joined forces with ecological partners to build a national production-wide solution, with a strong sectoral voice in the development of national production.
The high value and market space of large firms are the main positions in the domestic cloud computing market. Such customers are more likely to use a mix of erp products deployed by the cloud, so they don't want to emphasize the product patterns that they provide to their customers, leaving the choice entirely to them.
Clients. On deployment patterns, friends yonbip and nccloud support mixed clouds; on payment patterns, customers can choose between buyouts and subscriptions; on product delivery, friends can offer both standardized products and mature development implementation teams to customize products for customers.
In terms of products, in order to meet the needs of large customers for customization, friends use the yonbip platform for the integration of socializedit resources and work with ecological partners to achieve high quality.
Solutions. As the ASP strategy progresses, the AFP will focus more on the platform itself and provide its clients with standardized applications in a number of industries and areas; the remaining individualized components, including delivery and secondary development of these projects, will be left to ecological partners to use the AFP ecological platform.
Large-scale clients are highly recognized and win-win with their clients. According to an open study by Li Do, in 2021, the rate of renewal for large-scale customers was 98% in 2020 and remained high at 95% by the first quarter of 2021, reflecting the high level of acceptance of the products by large-scale customers.
The medium-sized customer strategy: “The strong return.” Medium-sized enterprises focus on high growth and try to innovate. Medium-sized enterprises focus on rapid growth, external pursuit.
New business models, cross-geographical and cross-national operations, internal management, regulatory pursuits, and efficiency gains: but their own technological weaknesses require comprehensive and integrated solutions, favouring cloud models that lower the cost of it; the price sensitivity of medium-sized enterprises, hoping for fast-track delivery within one week to three months, with industry and individualized configuration requirements.
You dare to try new applications of new technologies, with a better capacity to pay for them and scale them up relative to small clients. Complete, comprehensive, advanced cloud technology and micro-service architecture. yonsuite uses cloud-based structures, making full use of the technological advantages of cloud services such as micro-services, devops, containerization, etc., to achieve business applications that are always online, fast online, and fast-tracked.
Quick support operations, businesses do not have to invest in hardware and maintenance resources, and are always using the latest version.
The low-code development platform is rapidly realized; yonsuite has multiple life forms of coverage to meet enterprise-diversified customization needs through primary development, embedded development, integrated development. Figure 32: yonsuite is a completely new design based on cloud-based architecture
Younsuite is a pure public cloud service, using the cloud-based architecture of the saas model, i.e. open-up, rapid deployment, supporting pc and moving online, without maintenance, without hardware and software, deployment and cost, which significantly reduces the cost of corporate cloud access. yonsuite is the core of a growth-oriented corporate public cloud service.
Representatives, with a professional and large public cloud service cluster, provide growing enterprises with generic applications such as “marketing, manufacturing, purchasing, finance, manpower, office, platform” to support the construction of socially-constructed businesses and support business management in the new model of “saas+paas+ecology” in the innovative code 532, yonsuite.
Changing, fast-paced development has led to the introduction of the yonsuite “532 Principles” – 50% basic saas clothing, 30% access to mature eco-integrated products, and 20% of enterprises’ own low-code development. The “532 Principles” are the best expression of the platform’s integrated service model of saas+paas+ecology.
(1) 50% of basic saas services represent standardized business innovations, such as fiscal online, marketing online, procurement online, synergizing online, etc., provided by yonsuite. (2) 30% of extension applications are based on apilink provided by yonsuite, which is deeply integrated with mature eco-products.
(c) 20% of enterprises develop their own low-code development to achieve their own individualized innovation needs, with the help of their friends' Paas capabilities, and the products that can be developed at any time can be upgraded with the main product services, seamlessly integrated and separated.
yonsuite and u9c are rising fast. According to a friendy yoonsuite marketing guide, more than 95% of the business growth is the main force for digital transformational upgrading using power clouds. yonsuite started in 2021.
u9c has been competitive in this area for the most expensive ICD clients, such as mechanics, electronics, gas assembly, etc.. u9c has also made many innovations and improvements, front-end interfaces, in order to better meet user needs. u9c
Users in the software age are fast-changing, driving growth. According to the software age, there are more than 300,000 medium-sized business client groups in the traditional software age, the largest in the country.
The strategy of Taiwan Development, Industry Deep Farming, Cloud Integration is actively helping long-term enterprises to turn into clouds, with the help of yonsuite and u8c/u9c. With a large number of medium-sized enterprises turning from traditional software, cloud services from friendly medium-sized enterprises are expected to increase rapidly to reach the "Cloud Crossing."
Small and micro-client strategy: “Tracking on success” uses friends to gain advantage in China's MSMEs cloud services market. According to a report published on the theme analysis of China's MSMEs cloud services market, 2020, the market-scale use of friendly and good accounting in MSMEs financial markets
The first coverage was in the field, with its cloudp product t+clud being the first to cover the small-scale market in the cloud market; and, in conjunction with cloud sales and other things, the market in the mini-business cloud market was ranked first at 16 per cent, exceeding 13 per cent of the golden butterfly and 9 per cent of the wave. In 2020, revenue from the friendly cloud service grew by 63.82 per cent.
A strong strategy for growth of public income is pursued. Rapid access to its non-public cloud business is actively and aggressively reduced, strengthening its non-public cloud business by 177.5% more than the same year.
Partners, who recommend friendly products to micro-enterprises, use eco-links to achieve large-scale micro-enterprise coverage, leading to targeted income growth, while reducing client costs. Rapid marketing networks spread across the country in 2020, eco-building is beginning to work, and the 2020 annual report reveals that more than 2,000 fast-tracking channels have become available, and more than 2,000 traditional channels have been used as partners.
80 per cent have been transformed into cloud service products for marketing and value-added services. Figure 35: Leisure channel partners and eco-platform building results More than 80 per cent of traditional channel partners have been transformed into cloud service products for marketing and value-added services
yombip is building a differentiated competitive advantage through the concept of platforming and ecology. “Platform+ecology” makes business innovation more efficient and accessible and reduces marginal costs.
Industrial Internet platforms are the ultimate form of bip. In an era of digital economy, the individualized needs of enterprises have become more prominent, and software and generic programs for traditional standard functions have become unable to meet the diversity needs of enterprises. “Pilot” plus “Ecosystem” highlight advantages that are more in line with the future development needs of enterprises, and that are growing for businesses in the digital transition.
The ultimate form of the bip is a socialized industrial Internet platform, which uses a new generation of digital and intelligent technologies to re-engineer the platform and eco-modified services of enterprise development. yonbip is based entirely on platformed thinking.
The co-organisation provides cross-practice, cross-cutting platform services that empower enterprises and accelerate innovation through mid-level capabilities in business centres, technology hubs, data hubs, and intelligence centres, while yombip helps companies to aggregate their industrial chains up and down, creating industrial ecology at the industry level, at the regional level and even at the social level, by creating industrial Internet platforms with leading firms.
yombip is a symbiotic, co-builder, co-founder of an open ecological platform.
A wide range of ecological partners can enter the cloud-based market, put their own service apps and commercial api on the cloud market and apilink for marketing, marketing, marketing, etc.
Yoonbip works with eco-partners to form the most valuable ecological system in the field of corporate services. For the business innovation platform, yonbip, friends propose three models of eco-cooperation, namely co-creation, integration and integration, with the aim of building a more complete ecological system with a full range of open attitudes, breaking existing organizational boundaries and extending industrial boundaries from the corporate level.
At the social level, it promotes the incubation and marketing of eco-partner excellence. For more than 30 years, service companies have millions of client groups and have a clear-cut upstream/downstream industry chain between clients. On the Yonbip platform, a friend eco-partner can develop his own industry experience and develop applications suitable for his industry.
The promotion of the industry will provide a very large room for imagination. Table 9: Three eco-cooperative models: mature products of ecological partners + hands-on fist products = integrated solutions; the co-creation model is more closely associated with the work of friends
Close, more in-depth models of cooperation for product integration, integration of service data, integration of user systems, business scenes and business processes Integration, etc., in the form of integrated application programmes, to meet the needs of enterprises for a detailed business landscape, and through a large business network, the “integrated model” is a closer model of working with friends, whose products are carefully crafted by friends among leading ecological partners in various fields
Select, as an ecological capability, to complement the free product line integration model, the quality of the product is more stringent and the product must meet the Oem product standards in the ownership system before it can be marketed. The product is branded by a friend, status, and the "integration model" of the user's own clothes is the integration of the products of a partnered business service into the platform of an ecological partner, or the yombep collection.
In 2021, companies responded to industrial trends, changed the business development model for implementation and customerization, and conducted a larger-scale consultation with a high level of professionalism and good quality of service.
The company has plans to promote a third-party upgrade, which will be an important part of the company’s eco-strategy, which will further enhance the company’s ability to produce products.
Co-operating under a clouding trend can also generate sustained income growth and increase ecological partner motivation, while separation from products and independent pricing can also contribute to the further growth of the number and size of the biosphere.
Eco-building has been successful, reflecting both pre-emptive and strategic advantages. Since the release of the integration strategy, there have been significant developments in both the quantity and quality of ecological construction.
Over 8,200 partners, more than 12,000 products and services, more than 80 cloud-integrated products distributed/listed, covering marketing services, platform basic services and tools, industrial Internet and new retail, big data tools and services, business services, supply chain and logistics, industry services, and many areas of success
Youonbip brings together a large ecology of business services through a platform. yombip is based on a unified technology platform and ideas centred on a medium-stage structure, where the platform is developed to extract the business into a public component and sequester it into the business.
* Counter, data center, open to corporate service eco-partners; Eco-partners can rapidly innovate in commercial applications and significantly improve Saas development efficiency, based on low-code development platforms and interface platforms.
More than 10 million business clients, ecological partners that bring together more than 100,000 businesses, communities that connect more than 100 million people, achieve the development goal of hundreds of millions of dollars, reflecting strategic considerations and firm determination to use friends for business innovation. 4.2. Platform-based service models will continue to improve the quality of the use of friends for profit.
The software provider ' s service model can be divided into project-type, product-based and platform-type, project-based models that are independent of each other, have a long cycle of complexity, are less standardized, require heavy manpower and have a higher unit price;
The product-type model, after a long project build-up, extracts corporate needs into standardized products with a subscription fee. Standardized products and public cloud features can minimize development and delivery difficulties, generally high Maori. But standardized products do not meet the needs of large enterprises, so subscription income is usually concentrated in small and medium-sized enterprises.
(b) Platform-type models, which are used by businesses that typically have or pool large amounts of resources, are used to generate commission benefits through matching of clients with other business service providers through platforms in the face of large numbers of households.
Use friends to scale and automate delivery through eco-partners and reduce marginal costs. Friends use eco-strategy, adopt development models for standardized products + eco-products + implementation + customerization, and integrate products of high-quality eco-partners on the basis of standardized products (winerp, iuap platforms, industry clouds, domain clouds).
In addition, friends also provide technology development platforms and low-code development platforms to support the flexibility of clients and all ecological partners to develop light applications autonomously. Salesforce’s eco-strategy is interesting.
The appexchange platform, through which third parties can develop their applications and sell them to other members of the user community, was released. The first Paas product in the world, released in 2008, was based on social network data and extended to different mobile terminals, allowing developers to create them.
Multiple tenant applications meet the needs of the IT sector and independent software providers to develop their own applications. SalesForce allows third-party developers to assume the risk of test error and expand the platform’s coverage of long tail functions.
The income of future friends will be made up of both platform-based income plus subscription income. Of this, subscription income will come mainly from the purchase of standardized products such as cloudp, field cloud, etc. by small and medium-sized enterprise clients; platform-based income will mean commission income, i.e., the release of individualized development needs by large enterprises, with ecological partners taking charge of the development needs.
In the future, with the improvement of the friendship's ecology, commission revenue is expected to increase, thus increasing the income size and quality of the user's income. Cloud services revenue (excluding the financial sector): the domestic erp sector is becoming digital and nationalized market opportunities, cloud services.
Revenue is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, and we expect to increase the revenue by 2021-2023 using Soyuz Services (excluding the financial sector) software business: given the trend in the corporate landscape, revenue from traditional software business will continue to decline, and we expect that revenue from this business will remain stable without significant growth during the year.
Cloud services revenue (excluding the financial sector): because large firms are the main growth point in corporate income and are in favour of operating costs: given changes in the marketing incentives model for friends, and the recruitment of more high-end sales personnel, we expect a significant increase in the sales cost of friends, which is expected to be 2021-2023, respectively
Management costs: Friends are largely out of the epidemic, management costs are back to normal, we anticipate R & D costs: in 2021, companies will recruit more R & D staff to yombip's R & D work, so the increase in R & D costs is significant and the R & D investment will continue to increase in the follow-up to the A & D announcement.
We extrapolate the general formula: ps=pegxgsxnmtx100 (gs for compound growth of the company's income over the next three years and nmt for the company's forward net interest rate) as an important reference for selecting multiples of the value of the ps. According to the formula ps=pegxgsxnmtx100, in general peg>1, the ps values can also be used to stabilize the company's income growth and forwards.
Net interest rates can be obtained. (Specific reference can be made to the report of the East Wu Securities Group Industry of June 16, 2021, " Cloud Composing Company Ps valuation study: income growth anchors, psg distribution.") We expect that the cost rate will gradually decrease as the user turns, and that the follow-on friendships will gradually dissipate from the low-end reality.
In the case of operations, and with 30 per cent fluctuations in the net interest rate for overseas cloud computing companies, it is estimated that the forward phase of the Soyun Clouds operation is stable and, by reference to comparable companies, the alumni valuation is still at the lower valuation level of the computer white horse.
Investment proposals: Considering that the company separated its financial operations in 2021 and significantly recruited R & D and sales people, a rich product matrix, a clear client strategy, a strong client base for large firms, a long-term build-up of know-how, which has developed core competitiveness, we look forward to the development and performance of the Yonbip platform with its friends + eco strategy, and use it as a friend.
(a) Policies related to the up-to-date pace of enterprises are not as predictable: policies are not as expected to affect the budgets of large firms, particularly those in the United States, for all types of enterprises: it is expected that the budgets will affect the progress of software suppliers;
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Stock Company Limited has already had its Securities Investment Advisory Board.