(a) Information technology software and services.
\triangleright 1 \, company lines for large and mega clients include yonbip and ncclud; product lines for small customers are easily accessible.
Having industrial cloud and field cloud products, including financial cloud, marketing cloud, procurement cloud, and human cloud, adds a new growth dynamic to the erp cloud. We believe that companies have a clear and well-developed way to benefit from cloud computing.
The public stock/flow (millions of shares) division’s cloud products have been ranked China, the National Development Investment Group, BMW, Gwang Da Bank, etc.
The total market value/flow (million yuan) is the highest/lowest in 12 months of corporate capacity for a number of large projects, such as Soft, Chongqing, Smo, and electricity from the national grid.
Proves to be a traditional advantage of companies in large enterprises. Autonomy is already an irreversible trend in technology and industry, with the opportunity of national production, and companies are expected to grow in the future with more of their friends' networks (60588).
In December 2020, the company released its non-public 2020.
\triangleright Develop a stock plan (second revision) for this non-public release to raise more than $5.3 billion for the Yonbip construction project and the friendly industrial park using the friendly business innovation platform
Yonbip obtained the approval of a large client like China. (Sangchang) Three issues of the R & D Centre construction project and the replenishment of liquidity and the return of bank loans. - 2021/03/27
The proposed investment of $4.6 billion in the Yonbip construction project, with Yonbip being the company’s flagship product for cloud services, will facilitate the company’s cross-border development. Investment proposal: Yonbip’s flagship cloud product will be fully released after the build-up.
\triangleright exhibition resources, the company’s cloud products are lined and endorsed by large users. \triangleright
The cloud business is rooted in a number of intellectual flowers, from 1.0 to 3.0 strategies, establishing cloud priority principles (i) leading domestic erp providers, transforming cloud services
The company, established in 1995 and listed in 2001, is Asia-Pacific’s leading business and public organization, cloud services, software, and financial service provider; in China, businesses should maintain their first-place market share of software, Chinese rp software, and Chinese financial software.
During the exhibition, there was a gradual transition from the era of strategy 1.0 to the age of strategy 3.0. In the era of corporate strategy 1.0, the company focused mainly on the enterprise financial management system and successfully launched the first domestic financial statement production software to facilitate the rapid development of domestic accounting computing; in the era of corporate strategy 2.0, the company officially released its erp management in 1998.
Systems — From this company to the erp era: in the company strategy 3.0 era, since 2015, the Department of Public Information has been renamed a friend software network and since then has been transformed from a software provider to an Internet and cloud service.
(ii) Accompanied by a “Cloud Priority” development strategy, with rapid growth in cloud operations into a new 3.0 strategy period, with a rapidly expanding cloud ratio. Companies have developed strategic layouts for the development of corporate cloud services, cloud services, software, financial services, and integration. Corporate cloud services revenue is rapidly growing.
Revenue from cloud services is mainly derived from large and medium-sized enterprises, and the scale of operations has continued to grow. In the first half of 2021, large and medium-sized enterprises achieved revenues from cloud services of 1,16.741 million yuan, an increase of 92.18 per cent over the same period.
(iii) Good business performance, sustained increase in R & D investment, high technical barriers Firm business. Net profits were stable, with 34 per cent Cagr, between 2017 and 2020; net operating cash flows in the first half of 2021 amounted to $1.613 billion, an increase of 5.2 per cent, compared with the first half of 2021
In the first half of 2021, there was an increase in the cost of company sales and management; during the same period, there was a steady increase in investment in research and development and the construction of high-technology barriers. There was a steady increase in investment in research and development and the construction of high-technology barriers.
R & D organizations have been established in Nanjing, Chongqing, Shanghai, Shenzhen and overseas. (iv) The equity structure is stable, the founder has a larger share, the firm has a stable share structure and the founder has a larger share.
TCI holds 28.17% and 11.99% shares, respectively, of Shanghai Friends of Science and Technology, and the two major shareholders are the chairman of the company and Mr. ceo Wang Wen King.
Holding 3.92 per cent and 2.44 per cent of the shares of the company.
u8cloud, nccloud, yonbip, yonsuite, u9cloud, etc. have been published over and over again, from public and private cloud deployments, as well as from large, large, medium-sized, small and micro-sized enterprises with a combination of subscriptions and licensing.
The company’s existing product lines are well-developed. Figure 11: The company’s cloud lines (ii) mixed clouds will become the future trend.
Mixed clouds are accepted by large companies because of their security, flexibility, and cost control advantages. Mixed clouds are a combination of two or more clouds (private or publicly owned) that are tied together by know-how to achieve the advantages of multiple deployment models, with mixed cloud solutions becoming larger.
New trends in cloud use in enterprises. An analysis of the current situation and trends in the market of Chinese enterprises in the upper cloud sector in 2019, published by idc, shows that China’s large enterprises used more than 50% of the mixed cloud in 2017-2018; gartner predicts that 90% of the organizations will adopt mixed cloud solutions in 2020.
Figure 12: The size of the global mixed cloud market from 2017 to 2023 shows a clear advantage. Compared to the traditional erp, the cloudp advantage is an efficient integration of resources, breaking the duplication of development and transport of the universal chimney architecture and increasing the efficiency of business operations. Compared to the traditional erp, the cloudp advantage is an efficient combination of resources.
The advantages are evident in the provision of services, not just products, the reduction of the enterprise ' s one-time input cost, the more efficient deployment upgrades in the system set and the more secure and stable data information.
(iii) Mixed cloud products for large enterprises: yonbip, nccloud mixed cloud solutions with nccloud at their core, contributing to the intellectual transformation of large enterprises with full dimensions. Corporation launched nccloud in January 2019 to provide mixed cloud solutions for large enterprises. nccloud Foundation
(a) In the form of cloud-based technologies, the bottom-level technology uses a cloud-plus model with a public cloud, mixed cloud, exclusive cloud-based flexible ministry model: combined with light quantification, intelligent features, very simple design style, flat-leveld interfaces, easy-to-operability;
Nccloud provides 18 large mixed cloud solutions with smart cloud services. nccloud offers clients face-to-face with 14 broad industries such as large enterprise groups, manufacturing, consumer goods, construction, real estate, financial insurance, 68 sub-sectors covering 18 large solutions such as digital marketing, smart manufacturing, financial sharing, digital procurement, etc.
These include digital marketing and new retailing, digital manufacturing and smart manufacturing, digital purchasing and supply chain synergies, financial co-benefits, smart taxation and electronic invoicing, performance and talent management, social cohesion, etc., and provide digital enterprise applications covering major industries.
(iv) Mixed cloud-based products for medium-sized enterprises: u8cloud, u9cloud, yonsuite ' s cloud-based products, mainly for innovative, growth-oriented enterprises, to help them achieve cost reduction,
The objective of improving efficiency and managing risks is to support the deployment of public, mixed, exclusive cloud through the use of new Internet technologies, open platform access to external partners, meeting the needs of enterprises for the docking of cloud-based and cloud-based services and integrating basic information, supply chains, finance, manufacturing, human resources through the use of cloud+ends.
. Support business change and business innovation by providing integrated trade, services, management solutions and enabling growth-oriented business transformation upgrades.
The cloud business is based on the idea that yonsuite leads to the intellectual transformation of the company. yonsuite is the company’s first domestic integrated cloud service application, based on cloud-based structures, pure public cloud deployments, based on iuap cloud platform development, etc., launched at the end of 2019.
Open and operate, focus services, circulation, manufacturing, etc., to provide “marketing, manufacturing, purchasing, finance, manpower, office, platform” cloud services for medium-sized enterprises that support corporate socialization businesses.
The share of new and emerging services, such as technology services and business services, is over 70%. At the same time, it has been awarded a number of awards, such as the China Vision 2020 innovative saas cloud service platform, the China Cloud Calculation Best saas service award, and the China Business Services saas annual product innovation prize for 2020.
Chart 18: yonsuite cloud structure. yonsuite is based on the new design of the cloud structure. Ecology.
Globalization, personalization, low-code development platforms, any
Original development, embedded development, integrated development of diverse ecological features.
Yeah, personalization, customization will not be affected in an iterative way.
Resources, R & D for one.
Global top-level authentication, cloud racks, no hardware, just how much user-to-performance.
Build security csa, credible cloud. Browser, mobile sift, no impact; transaction volume rises to
Figure 19: yonsuite interface Figure 20: yonsuite micro-service cluster
(v) Cloud products for small-scale enterprises: Fluctuated Clouds Accompanies Accompanied Cloud Management Services as a Market Leader for Microbusiness Cloud Services. Lecter is a company-owned subsidiary that was listed in Hong Kong in 2014 and currently holds 65.68 per cent of its shares;
It is a platform service, application service, and value added service company that focuses on financial and management services for small and medium-sized enterprises. Its cloud services products include t3, good accounting, t+clud, easy accounting, etc., and currently provide services to more than 4.4 million small and medium-sized enterprises.
2019, with a 25% and a 90% user satisfaction rate. The share of the market is higher than 3 million users of services in the field of financial applications and 19% coverage of micro-enterprises.
Building on core saas products and capabilities, a comprehensive micro-business cloud services ecosystem is in place. A more sophisticated cloud service product is now based on the technological advantages and market position of the parent company over the years, and the distribution of the entire series of micro-business cloud services to meet the needs of small-business cloud services of different types, stages and sizes.
Figure 22: Lines of bright cloud products, issued on 14 January of the year, which allows for easy access to no more than 15 per cent of the total post-issuance stock.
(vi) Industry clouds and field clouds go hand-in-hand to construct the ecology of cloud operations horizontally covering multiple sectors, vertically covering multiple sectors and application scenarios.
The Bureau, a company, develops solutions that are erp-centred, industry-wide and cross-cutting. These include a combination of intellectual services and solutions in the areas of marketing, manufacturing, procurement, finance, finance, manpower, synergies, platform services, and covering 14 sectors, including government, manufacturing, medical care, finance, etc.
Providing customers with products to better meet their needs while synergizing to promote win-win outcomes.
In 2004, it was listed at the New York Post as the industry sticker for CRM software. Over the years, the field of saas crm has grown to be centred on marketing clouds, sales clouds, service clouds and business clouds, and product lines cover community clouds, analysis clouds, material networking, platform and application-rich cloud computing lines, providing industry with a crm solution.
Case. According to gartner ' s 2019 data, Salesforce ' s market share in the area of crm in 2018 was 19.5 per cent, surpassing the sum of the 2-4 sap, oracle and adobe, and now has a market value of $200 billion, making it the top manufacturer with the highest valuation in the saas industry.
Figure 23: Salesforce product lines behind the high rate of growth is supported by a high core cloud revenue ratio. The core product is 93.9% of the Division’s total operating income; supported by platform cloud technology, with artificial intelligence, big data and objects
Networking should be used for technology development. Salesforce ' s gross operating income from 2016 to 2020, 26.19%, is in high growth. From 2016 to 2020, its core cloud revenue ratio is changing, sales and service cloud ratios are declining, platform, marketing and business cloud ratios are positive.
(ii) The development path of Salesforce: the combination of internal and external growth, the widening of client boundaries, the development of endogenous development strategies around the core of the crm business, and the wide distribution of products.
It can be seen from the very beginning that it proposes to replace the traditional software with crmaas, then building on the technological capabilities of the cloud service provider to develop the apaas platform, to connect the enterprise ' s front end-to-customer full-process operations and achieve a full layout of the product lines; and to expand from b2b to b2c, providing different features for b-end and c-end markets
Through product logic and technology logic, each step of an outreach strategy follows the pace of the times. Salesforce mergers and acquisitions have been frequent since listing, gradually expanding its biosphere through M&As. In terms of product logic mergers and acquisitions,
Salesforce, starting with crm products, has been able to upgrade from a single product through a large combination of mergers and acquisitions to the possession of a full class of saas platform and crm, from pre-sale to post-sale, as well as through large acquisitions to complete different stages of product layout, with a well-known case of $22.7 billion proposed for December 2020.
MEXO, in collaboration with software development, slack, is the largest M&A event in its history. Technically speaking, Salesforce achieves its layout in the field of big data, artificial intelligence and object networking through M&As; the famous M&A case is the purchase of taableau at $15.7 billion and $6.5 billion at Mulesoft.
Figure 26: Logical acquisitions of products (part of) Cloud operations are the root of several intellectual flowers Chart 27: Logical acquisitions of technology (part of)
The cloud business is based on a number of intellectual flowers, drawing on the development path of Salesforce, and the company is expanding its operations on the internal path. On the outreach path, according to the company's annual report, the company acquired 14 companies in 2009 and competed in the industry through the acquisition.
On June 5, 2021, the company announced that it would purchase 100% of the stock of grapefruits for $151 million, that it would refinance them for 79 million when the acquisition was completed, and that the company would hold 100% of the stock of grapefruits when the deal was completed. The grapefruit was moved by a low-code platform with a mature developer's ecology.
The vast use of 10,000 registered developers has created the largest third-party developer ecology in the country, and the company ' s current low-code development platform, which is oriented primarily towards the 2b back end management application, while the movement of grapefruits is directed primarily towards the 2c front end mobile end app application, which complements each other and further strengthens the ionbip ecology.
(iii) Apocalypse of salesforce: cross-sales under the big customer strategy, headline service companies, build up industry stickers and typical cases. Companies serve industry headlines in retail, manufacturing, finance, real estate, Internet, consumer electronics, etc.
The number of clients with more than $1 million a year in 2017 and 95 with more than $10 million a year, according to the billion Euro think tanks. At the same time, Salesforce boosts the penetration of larger clients by providing customized services to meet their differentiated needs.
Through cross-sales, usecrm to identify multiple needs of existing customers and upgrade companies by selling a wide range of related services and products in conjunction with large customer strategies. Companies offer more preferences for portfolio products to promote user purchases of more saas services.
The year’s data show that more than 75% of key clients have purchased more than four product combinations, and 99% have subscribed to more than two cloud services. Salesforce has achieved the advantages of increasing customer retention through cross-sales, increasing client loyalty and client experience, and increasing arpu and profit.
The rollout of crm product einstein in the area of layoutai has infiltrated major plates that can help companies better understand customer behaviour and provide opportunities for cross-selling.
Salesclud Prices Salesforceessials entry
A professional version of unlicensed lighting processional
Makejame silvercrm, which supports up to ten users, fully functional crm for any cut-off team.
Ununderstood crm/collaborative and technologically defined speciality crm
United States dollars (US$)/dollars (location of soil) United States dollars (municipality) (social affairs) United States dollars (US$ 8 per cent)* (social problems)
Immunisation. Immunisation attempts. Immunisation protocols.
The price of salesforce lightningunlicited
♪ Lightningerprise lighting processional ♪
crm. Available definitions for the provision of national services
Unacknowledged crm functionality is supported by an open-source suite. A maximum of 10 users can be supported, using salesforce as a guide, and companies are committed to service pole customers, making cross-sales easier.
Six months ago, the company successfully contracted a number of large corporate label customers, such as BMW China, Ford New Energy, Bank of China, Bank of China for Agricultural Development, Hangzhou Bank, Shanxi Securities, Shanghai Tobacco, Hubei Tobacco, Ningxia Tobacco, China Connect, China Telecommunications, etc.
The value of new contracts between $1 million and $5 million has increased by 33.7 per cent over the same period, making it easier to achieve a cross-marketing strategy that will lead to further Māori growth for the company. yonbip builds important growth points for the company.
(i) yonbip supports business innovation and the intellectual transformation of companies The cloud business is based on the idea that several intellectual flowers will bloom from erp to bip, platform development to build important growth points of the company.
The Congress launched the Yonbip Business Innovation Platform, a core product of the 3.0 strategy, which is based on the four most up-to-date technological architectures of cloud origin, microservices, centralization, digital separation, meeting the needs of diversified business scenes, promoting business innovation and digital development in business and sharing with clients, ecological partners and society.
Figure 31: Overall service structure of yonbip
Industry cloud: Finance, Energy, Tobacco, Automobile Ecology: Industry App, Industry Services App. Client Personalization: Clothing Plugin, Recreational...
Low code development platform yonbulder connection platform yonlinker public cloud manufacturing
Financial cloud & human cloud
Yonstore, marketing center, manpower center.
We're working with the center, we're buying the center, we're making the center.
Globalisation
Smart medium Data Lake DataDataalake data workshop dpaas
Smart Analyzing Blaas Smart Workshopalaas
Friends Club, container clouds, alot.
Developer community technology platforms, data hubs, smart hubs, application platforms, low-code development platforms and connectivity platforms collectively refer to yuap platform and eco-systemization as advantages for yonbip.
According to mid-stage, smart mid-stage, application platform, low-code development platform and connectivity platform: eight core areas of cloud services in applications and service levels, marketing, procurement, manufacturing, and finance, automobiles, tobacco, etc. 11 industry cloud services:
By creating a large ecology of business services, the bip is able to bring together more than 10 million business clients and ecological groups that bring together more than 100,000 businesses.
Chart 32: eco-operational structure of yonbip
(ii) Low investment in Chinese enterprises and the growth of high-level saas markets together build a long base for the growth of yonbip
China’s level of business informatization is lagging behind relative economic development, and there is still a large market space. According to data from the China Business Level Saas Industry Study 2020, published by Ire, China’s global share of the gdp in 2019 was 16.4%, but the share of corporate interest expenditure was only 5.5%, compared to the level of economic development.
In terms of innovation in business models in the process of digital transformation, according to the China Business Digital Transformation Study 2020, published by the Qinghua University Institute of Global Production, most enterprises are still at the stage of resolving their own pain spots, with only 27% of businesses having achieved business model innovations; the platform-type ones are:
In the future, as business’s willingness to digitize the transition increases, the yonbip platform appliance model will become an important growth point in corporate performance. The size of the Chinese firm-level saas market was 36.21 billion yuan a year, an increase of 48.7%.
The market continues to grow at a faster pace, with China's business class Saas market expected to be rooted in 2022, and cloud operations are projected to bloom in a number of intellectual flowers Chart 34: Innovative processes in China's business model 2020
Figure 35: China ' s business class Saas market size and pre-(iii) equity incentives for 2013-2023 to demonstrate confidence in cloud business development, large-scale equity incentives to show firm commitment to future cloud business development.
Issuance of an announcement on the equity incentive scheme to award a total of 11.48 per cent of the total of 18,082 employees of the restricted number of companies not exceeding 10,462,100, including the cadres of senior managers, middle and senior managers, specialists, etc. working in the company.
(iv) The accelerated cloud transformation process is set to increase the fast-moving process and to inject new dynamic energy into the development of the bip platform. The company released a non-public share package (second revision) in December 2020, to be closed to no more than 35 selected investors
The project was approved by the CSRC on 3 August 2021.
Full and recognized by large users. Considering the continuous increase in corporate input starting in 21, it is expected that competition will increase in the public sector; stock incentives will not be met; and large firms will not be as popular as expected.
Sold to South China. Lee Yinwen Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.