Winch shares (300498.sz) (300498): deep losses in poultry farming to the detriment of the company's main products include: (1) commercial chicken and commercial pork farming; (2) other farmed products
Share prices relative to market performance (nearly 12 months) include original milk and dairy products, meat ducks, eggs, deep-sea fish, etc. (3) supporting business products include meat products and fresh products, agricultural equipment and veterinary medicines.
Farming households, of which 345,000 are chicken-breeding households and 211,000 are pig-breeding households. Companies sell goods 381 million chickens, 897.12 million meat pigs and 5.78.7 million ducks, compared to 364 million meat chickens, 8048.9 million meat pigs and 11,5886 million ducks during the same period last year.
In January-June 2017, the company sold 381 million chickens, an increase of 4.65 per cent over the previous year's corresponding figure of 364 million;
During the first half of the year, the average price of pork dropped considerably, and the farm industry gradually expanded downstream. (1) In the first half of the year, the company pig-raising business continued to improve the regional development layout, adding a new pig-farming registered son-in-law.
8 divisions, with an additional capacity of 2.738,000, to ensure the sustainable development of the company ' s pig-breeding operations: (2) poultry farming upgrades, the establishment of a leadership group for the transformational upgrading of poultry farming and the Ministry of Food Development, the establishment of a number of end-oriented sales companies, the exploration of new marketing options for the company ' s poultry direct marketing terminals, and the development of chickens
Order-based production and customization services provide the basis for optimizing the marketing process: (3) new processing plants in the dairy industry are in operation.
During the reporting period, the company stepped up its efforts to develop chicken slaughter operations and to explore the development of cooked food processing and marketing.
During the first half of the year, the company began to improve its organizational and regional development structure by establishing the Qingdao South Livestock Company and the Avian Equipment Company.
1. The price of pigs continues to be low; 2, avian influenza outbreak; 3, animal disease, etc., in the field of agro-forestry and fisheries analysis at the Institute of Human Security, 2012 "Crystalball" Industry Group 5 team member, good at managing the industry cycle, field research on dozens of listed companies, good at digging investment values.
The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views and seeks to be independent, objective and impartial, with no third party's recommendations or conclusions, or any other party's recommendations.