The price of pigs and chickens is being held up, and the reported performance has been significantly reduced.
Winch shares (300498) issued performance forecasts, expected to achieve net profit profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies in the first half of 2017, 16-19, driven by pork prices and chicken prices, and a significant decline in company performance as at 30 June, at a national average of 13.78 yuan per kilogram of pork and 37.97 yuan per kilogram of piglets, the ring continues to fall back from last month.
The price of food is 7.57, and self-sufficiency is $181 per head. In May 2017, there were 36.04 million female pigs, down from 290,000 in April, 355.56 million live pigs, down from 5.41 million in April. The main reasons for this are still related to environmental protection, as well as the lack of supply due to increased farm productivity, Psy growth and weight growth.
In the first half of the year, the company’s pig-breeding business, while continuing to grow steadily, grew by 11.46 per cent over the same year, with sales weighing by 4.98 kg per head over the same year, was affected by changes in market supply and demand relations, sales prices falling by 19.90 per cent over the same year, and commodity meat and pig profit levels fell significantly over the same year.
As of 30 June, the main production area had a price of 6.8 yuan per kilogram of white chicken, 0.76 yuan per plume of chicken seed, which was affected by the H7n9 incident, accelerated phase-out of farms, continuous decline in parental stock, increasingly stringent government regulation of the live poultry market, closure of live poultry markets in some areas and increased periods of irregular rest periods, resulting in restricted circulation of live poultry, continued overall low market activity and falling sales prices for live poultry products.
The company's chicken-raising business has also suffered a severe shock, with prices falling by 30.19 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the same-year business is expected to grow by about 10 per cent on a year-on-year basis, reaching about 27.5 million by 2019. This year's construction is expected to be completed on a scale of 4.5 million. The company's five-year plan began in 2000 and 2019 is the year of completion of the fourth five-year plan.
In 2014, at the low end of the previous cycle, the company was still profitable and, at its peak in 2016, its performance had reached an all-time high; it had gone through it.
At the height of the year, the industry has gradually returned to normal, with market cycles, h7n9 events and so on having some impact on company performance. At the level of the flat cycle, the company tested water distribution and consumption ends, transforming the “farm-to-dinner” business, which is an important initiative for companies to promote the upgrading of their farming industry, is similar to the “corporate + farmer (or family farm)” model.
The company’s chicken, pork, milk, etc., is sold directly at the portals, and there are now about 100 open shops, mainly in Shenzhen and Pearl Triangle cities, where about 200 are planned to open during the year. Wen’s milk industry has over 20,000 cows, five large cow farms, and high-quality cows such as Hosten and Xianshan.
Four hundred and twenty-nine tons of original milk, 128,000 tons of dairy products, and 390 million yuan from the sale of original milk and dairy products. As the demand for finished milk grows with the opening of new businesses, such as fresh shops, the milk industry is accelerating its transformation and upgrading from selling original milk to selling finished milk, and the production of finished milk will increase with the production of a new factory that produced 80,000 tons of finished dairy products the previous year.
By the end of the summer sub-season, the industry will gradually enter the consummate season, and meat prices are expected to stop rebounding and to maintain a “carefully recommended” rating.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company's relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.