The price of animals is a drag on the performance, and the downside is a steady one.
In the reporting period, the company achieved business income of $25.12 billion, a decrease of 11.41 per cent, a decrease of $1.810 billion in net profit for mothers, a decrease of 74.95 per cent in net profit for mothers, a decrease of $1,658 million, a decrease of 76.95 per cent in net profit for non-profits, an expansion of current production capacity from business activities, and a steady gain from pig farming. During the reporting period, the company registered 8.9712 million pigs on the market, an increase of 11.46 per cent in pig production.
In the first half of the year, eight new pig-breeding subsidiaries were added, with an additional capacity of 2.73 million. At the same time, environmental preparedness has highlighted competitive advantages in the context of today’s tightening environmental regulations. We believe that pig prices will rise seasonally in three quarters, at an average annual cost of about $15.
In the first half of the year, there were 381 million chickens on the market, an increase of 4.65%.
The main distribution channel for yellow chickens has been shut down in the poultry market. The average price of yellow chicken sales in the first half of the year was 8.5 to 9 yuan per kilogram, the cost of farming was approximately 11 to 12 yuan per kilogram, based on an average weight of 1.5 kg of yellow chicken, and the feathers lost 4 to 5. We believe that the previous period ' s impact on h7n9 has been largely eliminated, that the price of chickens has now recovered, that the price of chickens is expected to continue to rise owing to the loss of production capacity and the high consumption season, and that the chicken price is expected to rise in the next half of the year.
The company increased its efforts during the reporting period to develop chicken slaughter operations and to explore the development of \triangleright processing and marketing of cooked foods, which grew by 32.12% as compared to the previous year.
With the new cities of Guangzhou, Dongjing and Zhaoqing growing their raw business, the company will continue to increase its efforts in the future to promote the rapid growth of the fresh business, which now stands at over 100 and is expected to reach 200 throughout the year. With the cattle-breeding business, the company conducts dairy processing and marketing operations, and the new dairy processing plant, which produces 80,000 tons a year, is now operational and efficient.
We believe that the expansion of the company’s industrial chain downstream can provide more room for regulation of the sale of company products, counter the risk of livestock price volatility, and further enhance plate synergy and corporate profitability. We look forward to the extension of the company’s industrial chain downstream and to the improved profitability of later-stage livestock prices.
Master of Accounting in Eastern Finance and Surgery, in 2008 in the capital of the country of accession for research in agriculture and food and beverages, in 2011 in the Anshin securities for food and beverages.
Research, East Hing Securities in the food and beverages industry in 2013 and nine years of experience in the food and beverages industry, Xianxi Month, University of Maryland, United States, Master of Finance, and East Hing Securities in 2017 in agro-forestry and fisheries.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.