The company's depth report  the computer industry's snake swallowing for three years.
One of the year's “snake-like” cross-border mergers and acquisitions of the United States Littoral Union has been a matter of great concern and admiration, and the huge goodwill and high debt ratios that the acquisition brought to Wu Xin Jing have been considered by the market as the sword of Damocles, which is hanging above its head.
Three years later, the integration effects of the acquisition of the Alliance are gradually becoming apparent, at a time when the financial indicators of the company are proximately close to the point of entry, and high goodwill and high debt ratios are safe in the medium term.
There's a lot of room for future domestic production for the classified machines. At the moment, the country's market for printers has a very small share of the country's product cards, with Hewlett-Packard accounting for 47.1% of the top ten domestic markets in 2017.
This is the first laser printer in China with an autonomous core technology. Bentley and the LCL's depth will lead to the expansion of the LCL in China's market. Bentou and the LCL's depth are reflected in the fact that, on the one hand, they resolved their relationship with the LC after they were hosted by Nastair.
On the other hand, the technical advantages of the League have greatly enhanced the overall technical level of the Mercedes printer, which will drive companies to raise both the income from printing operations and the Māori rate.
3. National product plates in the area of printers are number one, with a three-year fit-out advantage. The company’s map printer has become the main supplier of information security nationally produced printers. The map printer business has successfully imported multiple LCL products, completed the national product model and successfully entered the list.
Thousands of home-grown software and multiple home-grown servers are fine-tuned, and the fit-out process is cumbersome and lengthy. The company's map printer has had a pre-emptive advantage since 2017, after three years of basic fit-out.
The company’s generic mcu business can also be understood as “compatible replacements for the mcu industry”, with a core feature being compatible alternatives to standard products from large overseas plants, comparable to the company’s HP-Jan Jianli printer-compatible third-party alternative consumption, which can be applied in a wide range of fields.
The operational advantages of the film are: (1) technical advantages: the Hangzhou cosmopolitan chip technology is leading, has a profound understanding of cpu, mcu and soc, and has the same technology as Ali's predecessor, Brother Flathead, is a brother-in-law; (2) a relatively deep 300-percent image.
There is a strong understanding of compatible alternative products: the company has been farming for 15 years in the appliance-compatible industry, with a deep understanding of the characteristics of both patented and compatible alternatives; (3) the National Integrated Circuit Industry Fund (NIRF) is a major contributor: the industry fund supports the company's safety chip, which has been tested in the southern grid and can be foreseen in energy, communications, etc.
Printers are highly important in the area of information security. Especially in government agencies, when foreign products are used, they can easily leak information. Printers leak through storage, network leaks, and spent chip leaks.
Second, most of the printers used to support the network for printing, and some loopholes or pre-set “doors” could cause the network to leak. Third, either the ink cartridges of the inkjet printer or the drums of the laser printer have a little chip in it, and the spent chip itself.
The risk of leaking information, for example, by remote manipulation. So the safety of printing can only be fundamentally addressed if it is nationalized and self-controlled, from chips to consumables to printers themselves.
At present, we have a very small share of the national product plate in the printer market, with Hewlett-Packard accounting for 47.1% of the top 10 countries in 2017, and Ben-Turpe as the only country's product, only 0.9%, and the future uplifting space. Ben-Turning laser printer is China's first laser printer with its own core technology.
The depth of the synergy between Bentou and the Alliance is reflected in: on the one hand, when Bentou was held by Nastair, the resolution of the competition between him and the Alliance, and the performance of the Alliance through the production of a map printer on the Littre Oem production line; on the other hand, the technological advantage of the League has greatly enhanced the overall technical level of the Mercedes printer, which will drive the company to take the printing business away.
In the area of printers, the country's product plate is number one, with a three-year fit-out advantage. The company's Mercedes printer has become the main supplier of mail and interest safety nationally produced printers. The Mercedes printer operation has successfully imported multi-donor products, completed national production model matching and successfully placed on the list.
It takes a lot of time to adapt. The company's Mercedes printer, which began in 2017 and was largely finished in three years, has a pre-emptive advantage.
It's an absolute leader in the domestic generic consumption market, and it will benefit from this trend in depth. Chip technology leads, national large-scale funds contribute, general mccu applications are rich, beneficial chips are home-grown, and there is a tendency to replace them.
The advantages of the company's generic mcu chip business are: (1) technological advantage: the Hangzhou Schomchic technology leads, has a deep understanding of cpu, mcu and soc, and it's a brother-in-law company with Ali's "Blackhead" predecessor.
Technical homogeneity: (2) Compatibility alternatives are well understood: the company has been farming for 15 years in the appurtenance industry, both for patent treatment and for the characteristics of compatible alternative products: (3) National Integrated Circuit Industry Fund (NIRF) equity: Industrial funds Support, company safety chips have been tested in the Southern grid, and it can be expected that replacements in the energy and communications sectors will also be phased in.
We disagree with the market: the market is not aware of the importance of printers in the area of information security. Especially in government agencies, the use of foreign products is very easy to divulge.
The market is not sufficiently aware of the company’s chip technology and the potential for business development. The company’s generic mcu business can also be understood as “compatible alternative mcu business” with a core feature being compatible alternative products for standard products from large overseas plants, which can be applied in different areas.
The company has a unique advantage in the generic mcu chip business: (1) technological advantage: the Hangzhou Schosen chip technology is leading, has a profound understanding of cpu, mcu and soc, and is a technology-coupled company with Ali's "Black Head" predecessor, medium-sized microscopic technology; (2) a deep understanding of compatible alternatives: the company has been working for 15 years in the compatible consumption industry, whether it is patent processing or patenting.
There is a strong understanding of the characteristics of compatible alternative products: (3) national integrated circuit industry funds are invested; industrial funds support the company’s safety chip has been tested in the southern grid, and it is foreseen that substitution in the energy and communications sectors will be gradually rolled out. Market-based disease companies have high reputations and high indebtedness rates, and we believe that while the company has a high asset-liability rate, it has very low debt-servicing risk.
The period is negligible, and the risk of goodwill impairment is low. On the basis of the key parameters used in the company goodwill tests, we calculate the sum of the present value of the free cash flow of the Alliance over the next five years, sufficient to cover the current liabilities of the Alliance.
The main risk factors are: the risk of an escalation of trade friction in Central America, the risk of a patent dispute, and the ancient saying, "Photo ogres, three-year-olds, a man in a man's uniform, a heartless disease." The original text can be translated as follows: "There's a snake called a snake, you can eat elephants." It takes three years to spit out an elephant every time you finish an elephant.
In 2016, Nasda's cross-border merger of snake swallowing and buying of the United States Littoral Union was a matter of great concern, and it was disparaging that the huge goodwill and high debt ratios resulting from the acquisition were always considered by the market to be the sword of Damocles hanging over his head.
In the course of the year, the integration effect of the acquisition of the Alliance is gradually becoming apparent, at a time when the company’s financial indicators are proximately proximate, with high goodwill and high debt ratios at medium-term risk, and this report will provide a detailed analysis of the company’s business fundamentals and financial indicators. The share of material is 14.95 per cent, an increase of 30.74 per cent.
The company's average Māori rate has been about 35 per cent since it was listed. The difference between the revenue from chips under the company's accounting calibre in 2018, which was 738 million, and the recovery of 1,404 million, is due mainly to the fact that the company's revenue from the chips is stable.
The share of the chip in internal sales was offset by 1,404 million full-calibre (both internal and external) and 6.4 per cent of the income of the main battalion after recovery, mainly for printing common-use chips.
Nathda is a high-tech company with a global lead printer encrypt soc chip design based on the development, design, production and sale of integrated circuit chips, which are based on lasers and ink-printing consumables, based on the future of the printer industry.
Since its inception in 2000, the company has continued to expand its operations through borrowing and multiple acquisitions and mergers. Created in 2000.
Ligre brands in the area of military cartridges: In 2004, Epike Electronics was set up, and over 10 years of its development became the leading producer of print chip service, and in 2014 was successfully marketed in Shenzhen through Shell Sea. In June 2015, the company’s controlling chip design company, Hangzhou, acquired disk technology and gained a leading position in the printing of scrap chips in the country.
In 2016, the company acquired the United States medium- and high-end laser printer branding alliance through a combination of leverage, which expanded the scope of the company ' s operations to such areas as printer panzers, medium- and high-end raw materials, printing management services, and expanding its competitiveness in the printer market and original waste materials through complementarities with the high- and low-end printers; in March 2017, the company acquired improved technology, Shinwei technology,
In July 2017, China's three printing companies, China-Jingjie's three companies, further upgraded to a leading position in general domestic consumption, leading in both the ink cartridges and the drums, which are the two largest common consumption areas. The company's separation from sales of the Ligue Softwarees business led to a significant reduction in debt costs: the smooth production of pcram products in 2018 and the successful bid for a Southern grid distribution safety chip project.
After several M&As in the domestic and foreign industries, the company successfully completed the layout of the entire industry chain from chips, consumables to printers, becoming a leading company in the field of printers in the country.
(iii) Multiple acquisitions and mergers have been better coordinated. Companies have undertaken a series of mergers and acquisitions around their main industries, with better synergies.
Table 1: The company's history of acquisitions and mergers In 2017, the company acquired Toyotech, Xin Hsin successfully acquired 51% of the shares of the company Toyo Tsi, Xinwei Technology, and China Yun Jing Jie, trading gold, Hui Technology, and China Jin Jing Jing Jie, with a print value of $556 million. After the acquisition was completed, the company was able to print cartridges and drums in three consumer companies.
(iv) In terms of the national production printer and the production of raw material, there has been a slight global decline in demand, with a decline in the share of traditional ink-jet printers, and a sharp decline in the share of traditional ink-jet printers.
The number of inkjet printers was 13.7 million, a decrease of 2.1 percentage points. According to 2018 data, Hewlett-Packard, Jiaxuan, Eppseng, Bros and Kyeong-Cao accounted for 89 per cent of the world ' s market share, with the remaining 11 per cent from Sam-Sung, Xerox, and the League of Liam company ' s first laser printer with autonomous core technology.
The World Wide Web published the China Digital Industry Study 2017, and the domestic printer market is now dominated by foreign brands, of which Hewlett-Packard and Jae-Jeon together account for over 60% of the market share. Companies dominate in the area of domestically produced printers, and the Bantu laser printer has been able to compete with foreign brands with stringent quality standards and high value ratios since entering the market in 2011.
In the area of printing of raw materials, the global market is a mature industry, with production and demand generally stable, with the size of the industry exceeding $77 billion but an annual growth rate of less than 1%.
The item is produced by printer companies and is suitable for their own printers. This business is the main producer of printers, which is characterized by low price prices and high value for money. The global print product market in 2018 was 77.730 billion dollars, or about 0.2 per cent of the same increase; the Chinese market grew slightly faster, at about 2 per cent, and in 2018 it was $14.140 billion.
Figure 7: Global printwood market sales 2014-2018 Figure 8: China ' s print consumer market sales 2014-2018
Ink cartridges, ink, and color belts are the four types of products, mainly syrup drums and cartridges. Companies together account for about 76% of the market share of the country’s printed waste market, leading the country’s general ink market, and are the first in the generic drum market.
Figure 9: The pattern of competition in the country ' s print-out consumption market II. Core competitiveness of companies and barriers in the moat (i) printing industry are extremely high
The print image industry is a high-end precision manufacturing industry, laser imaging technology, microelectronics, precision engineering technology, precision auto-control technology and precision mechanical technology, and is characterized by technology-intensive, labour-intensive and high-value-added industries. By technology-intensive industries, there are only more than 10 manufacturers worldwide capable of designing and manufacturing printers, concentrated in the United States, Japan, Japan, and the United States.
The printing industry is a highly patented industry, involving more than 200,000 patents worldwide. The drums in the printer, the different heating methods involved in the projective components and the heaters contain a large amount of patent technology, which greatly discourages counterfeiting in the market.
The quantity and quality of patented technology owned by companies worldwide is the core foundation on which to grow. Companies have consistently focused on exclusive interests as the core competitiveness of their firms, have conducted patent cases with a number of industry giants, pk in the process of growing up, and have fought six of the most difficult intellectual property claims in the United States, with Hewlett-Packards, Jae-Jeon, etc.
The company, through years of research, now has the core of laser printers and key technologies. On 30 June of that year, the company had 4,330 patented patents, of which 3,031 were inventions.
With 989 new patents, 310 patents for skin designs, and 82 designs for software copyrights and integrated circuit plans. (ii) In the first three years of the printer field, the company's map printer has become the main supplier of information security domestically produced printers.
The printing machine business has successfully imported multiple LCL products, completing a national product model fit-out and successfully entering the list. The national product fit-out takes a long time, owing to the need to fine-tune thousands of national production software and multiple national production servers, which are cumbersome and lengthy.
The company’s main business prior to the acquisition of the Alliance included the development, production and sale of integrated circuit chips, common printing consumables and core and renewable printing materials, with product applications concentrated in low- and medium-end markets, where high-end products and originals were less competitive. The main products of the Alliance included laser printers, printing consumables and components, software and services, and high-end technology.
A mature product line and frontline service quality, and a good reputation worldwide. The synergies between the two have begun to emerge: on the one hand, combining the advantages of the company ' s printing market at the mid-to-low end of the globe with the advantages of the lexmark printing market at the middle-to-high end, maximizing synergies, increasing market share, and increasing the firm ' s core competitiveness: on the other hand, building on the LCs,
The output advantage of the printer's entire equipment is driven by the research and development, production and marketing of integrated circuit chips, generic printing of consumables and other core items; and, lastly, the optimization of the strategic layout of internationalization operations, which enables companies to compete globally with the global print giants in all areas.
(iii) Chip technology leads, state large fund equity company integrated circuit design and application technology is in the lead domestically, with cpu independent design capabilities and complex soc chip design capabilities. Multi-nuclear soc chip design technology with autonomous intellectual property rights is rated as industry leading international water
Ping. Hangzhou, a company-owned company-owned company-owned company-owned in 2015, was originally designed as a team for cpu and dsp, with a deep understanding of cpu, mcu and soc. Six of the designed socs were awarded the best market table in China, and a one-off project for the national production laser printer, soc, was successful.
On April 20, 2018, China was announced by the Alibaba Group and joined with the Dharma chip research and development team to create the "Black Head" chip. In 2015, the National Integrated Circuit Industry Fund entered Nathida, making the company the first to be invested in the fund since its inception.
The company’s integrated circuit operations are based first on applications in the printer industry (pension chip, printer master soc chip) and then gradually expand to applications outside the printer industry (e.g., generic mcu, etc.), and the company is interested in becoming a provider of a global universal mcu design solution.
The company’s chip operations include, inter alia, printer master soc chips, printer general consumption chips, and chip for the network. The central object network chips include generic mcu chips, power source chips, network security chips, etc. The company expects to provide its clients with a more complete and higher-end integrated circuit design service that maximizes the nationalization of integrated circuit chips.
1) Development of general consumption chips for printers: The main products of general consumption chips for printers include asic chips, soc chips, mainly for printing in cartridges, selenium drums, etc. The main features of the product are systems for identification and control of inkjet printers and laser consumption products, and systems for laser printers.
Functional control (soc). The company ' s asic chip product is an alternative to the industry ' s leading consumer; the soc chip is an industry-owned product with autonomous proprietary design techniques, using 32-bit embedded cpu, with the advantages of flexible integration of hardware encryption modules and software sequences, super-high computing speed, low power consumption, etc.
The company has been investing in the development and printing of consumer chips since 2001, the release of the first printer consumption chip asic chip in 2001, the production of the first printer consumption chip soc chip in 2012, and the certification of the 2016 consumer soc chip series by an electronic association, which concluded that it was “international lead.” The user printer chip covers 27 brands in 70 series, and as of 2017 it was sold more than it did.
Two billion and a total of 16 government awards for printer consumption chips. 2) Printer master soc chip development: Printer master soc chip is the core part of printer and the main source of leaks. Printers are currently controlled
Soc chip key technology is available in foreign manufacturers like Japan, and in order to break through technical barriers and improve information security, the company has developed the national cpu printer master soc chip. The chip has high performance, a prominent safety strategy, and supports national secrets, commercial algorithms, and security protection mechanisms.
The company's printer master soc chips are multifunctional and single-function, based on a national production embedded 32-bit cpu, and have a fully autonomous chip security structure that will provide strong support for national printer information security. Single-function chips support monochrome printing, multifunctional chips support monochrome printing, photocopying, colour scanning, fax, etc.
The printer's soc chip has been produced in volume. The national cpu-based single function printer soc has entered the mpw validation phase. 3) The development of the network chip: The company's network chip includes generic mcu chip, power source chip, network security chip, etc.
The generic mcu chip, also known as the single chip, is the “brain” of electronics and is responsible for processing and computing data on electronics, and the company has now increased its research and development input into the generic mcu, which can be used for instrumentation, smart household power, games, data exchange and communications equipment, health-care equipment, security surveillance, consumer electronics, drones, industrial autocontrol, electric power drive,
Smart robots. Thirty-two of the company’s generic mcu are based on intellectual property rights (IPRs) of anrmcpu, national c-skycpu and eight cpu. The first generic mcu chip has been officially sold in bulk, three mcu chips have been dropped on fullmask, and the mcu chip based on the 55nm process is in the mpw validation phase.
The primary source chip has already started to produce in quantities, based on current market demand, and its product performance supports the power supply of large currents, coupled with a safety certification function. Safety chip companies have successfully participated in the national southern grid bidding process and have successfully entered the southern grid to test operation and are currently operating well.
All right. Cybersecurity chips use multiple nuclear safety techniques, safety certification and customer applications to physically separate through multinucleics to ensure customer information and system security. Table 4: Corporate safety chip layout
(iv) Printers ' industry-wide chain layout upgrades for profitability and risk resistance. Currently, the company ' s operations cover the entire industry chain of printers, including laser printer wholes, laser printer originals, printing machine chips, printer general consumption materials, printing management services. Given that the printing industry is a high barrier to intellectual property rights
Industry, the company ' s whole-industry chain layout of printers allows for the mutual protection of chips, consumables, printer operations, and the formation of a chain of industries, a complex protection barrier that protects each other up and down, thereby enhancing profitability and resilience to risk.
(v) Printers business model: waste materials lead to a continuous cash flow The usual business model for printer manufacturers has been to continue the long-term consumption of printer consumables for commercial gain by continuously increasing market holdings of printer equipment.
General-purpose consumables: The original waste materials are those produced by printer enterprises and are suitable for specific printers in this company. This business is those produced by printer manufacturers and the product is suitable for various models of printers, usually at a price of only 20 per cent of the price of printers, which is more acceptable to consumers at higher prices than to ordinary consumers.
Printers rely on the use chip to identify their consumption, so the use chip technology is the key to common consumption. The company's hard chip technology gives the company an absolute head position for common consumption, the company's printer business has consumer properties, relies on the increase in printing volume and the increase in retention, and the raw spent material will lead to a sustained cash flow that will increase the overall Maori ratio of the company's printing business.
(vi) The advantage of building up the economies of scale over a long period of time: the Bentleys invested in 13 years and only reached the profit/loss balance in 2018, because the printer's business model is based on material consumption, which requires that the printer's sales be kept on a certain scale, and that the subsequent consumption of material be made on a profitable scale.
(i) Printers are highly important in the area of information security, especially in government agencies, where the use of foreign products makes information very easy.
The printer leaks through three main routes: storage, network leaks, and consumption chip leaks. First, most printing machines will contain temporary data storage of the memory chip, and cartridge recovery will allow easy access to the information contained in the stored chip. Second, most of the printers currently support network printing, and some loopholes or preset “doors” may cause network leaks.
Third, the ink cartridges for inkjet printers and the drums for laser printers contain a "small chip" that also has a risk of leaking information, for example, by remote manipulation. So only nationalization and self-control, from chips to the printer itself, can solve the root problem of printing safety.
(ii) There is a huge amount of room for raising the share of the country’s printer market, which is in synergy with the depth of the Alliance, and the printer, which is an important and important tool for the future of the country’s domestic production. Currently, the country’s market for printers has a very small share of the national product, with Hewlett-Packard accounting for 47.1% of the top ten domestic markets in 2017, and the map being the only country.
In 2011, the first laser printer in China with its own core technology entered the market, bringing the volume of shipments to 483,000 in the first half of 2019, a 57% increase compared to the previous year. The deep synergy between the map and the Alliance will lead to the expansion of the Alliance’s market in China.
On the other hand, Bentou, who was hosted by Nastair, resolved the issue of competition with the LCL. On the LCL production line, he was able to produce LCL performance for a three-year period, and the major shareholder, SeineTech, promised to inject the map into the public company (from company announcements) in due course. On the other hand, the LCL ' s technological advantage greatly enhanced the overall technology of the Mercedes printer.
In the first half of 2019, the company made a fresh breakthrough in the Indian market, accounting for more than 30% of the same product. The company’s main business before the acquisition included integrated circuit chips, common print consumption and core parts and re-printing.
Research and development, production and marketing of materials, and product applications are concentrated in low- and medium-end markets, where high-end products and originals are less competitive. The main products of the League include laser printers, print consumables and components, software and services, and high-end technology, mature product lines, and front-line service quality, with a good reputation worldwide.
Gradually: on the one hand, combine the advantages of a company in the global mid- and low-end printing market with the advantages of Lexmark in the medium- and high-end printing market, maximizing synergies, increasing market share and increasing the firm ' s core competitiveness; on the other hand, build on the LAF ' s strength in terms of output in printer whole-time equipment, driving companies, including integrated circuit chips, common print consumables and other core parts
R & D, production and marketing; and, finally, a strategic map to optimize internationalization of operations, enabling companies to compete globally with the global print giants in all areas. (iii) The future market share of generic consumables will increase.
We have a larger share of generic consumption than we can raise, and companies are the absolute leader of the domestic universal consumption market, and will benefit from this trend in depth. Currently, we have a more mature print consumer market, which has grown at about 2% annually in recent years, at about $140-1500 billion, while the generic consumption market is only about 20% larger.
The choice of environmentally friendly, cheap renewables, which account for 70 per cent of total sales in the consumer market. (iv) The general mcu chip application on the Internet is rich and the beneficial chip is a national alternative, and the company's generic mcu business can also be understood as a “compatible substitute mcu business”, the core feature of which is a large foreign factory.
Compatible alternatives to standard products, as in the case of companies that make HP compatible with third parties of good-energy printers. Currently, the company focuses on generic mcu chips and iot chips, and has increased its research and development investment in generic mcu products that can be applied to instrumentation, smart household power, games, data exchange and communications equipment, health-care equipment, security surveillance, consumer electronics, no one.
The company’s 32-digit generic mcu is based on armcpu, national product c-skycpu, and 8-bit cpu. The company’s first generic mccu chip has been officially sold in bulk, and next year it will complete the layout of the mainstream product line and continue to go up to the top.
The company’s strengths in the generic mcu industry are: (i) technological advantages: the Hangzhou Schochip technology is leading, and it makes sense to cpu, mcu, and soc.
(b) The company's 15 years of deep cultivation in the consumer-compatible industry, both in patent processing and in the characteristics of the alternative products: (c) the National Integrated Circuit Industry Fund's equity: the industry fund supports the company's safety chip, which has been tested in the southern grid.
Substitution in the energy and communications sectors is also expected to develop gradually. (i) Growth: multiple financial indicators fortify or will come where the long run and every free cash flow improves year after year.
In terms of operational capacity, the overall asset turnover, inventory turnover, and accounts receivable turnover rates are increasing year by year, and the company ' s Māori ratio is expected to continue to rise in the future. On the one hand, the technical advantages of the LAF have significantly increased the overall technical level of the map printer, and the Māori ratio of the map to the original printer has increased significantly.
The company’s integration of the Alliance in 2017 and 2018 was absorbed at the end of its performance by:
The LI software asset package increased net profits by $994 million, resulting in a net cash flow reflected in the net cash flow generated by investment activities; (2) the LIC recognized income tax gains of $3.33 billion from the United States tax reform in 2017, increasing the company ' s net profits in 2017; and the income tax was recognized only in 2018, adjusted accordingly in accordance with the implementing rules introduced.
Revenue of $501 million. (3) The value added of inventory assessment confirmed by the Alliance ' s international M & As in 2016 was fully current operating costs in 2017, amounting to $1,180 million.The net cash flow generated by corporate operations in 2018 increased by 4.4794 per cent from 2017, mainly due to: (1)
In 2010-2017, the main operations of the Alliance were ass (printing) and ass (software business). Although the business has grown year by year, the profits from business have declined significantly, dragging the overall net profits of the Alliance, and the net profits from the period 2010-2015 have declined much more than the net profits from the Alliance. After the company acquired the Association in 2016, the sale of the software was separated in 2017.
As you can see, the operating profit rate of the Ligue's operations is in 2010-2015. Figure 15: LCL revenue and ebitda (billions) target. Figure 18: LCL Liss business revenue and operating profits indicator 2009-2015.
(ii) Security: although asset-liability ratios are high, the risk of debt service is extremely low in the short term, based on analysis of the currency fund balance for 2018, and the company does not currently have a default on loan repayments and other payables
As of 31 December 2018, the balance of the company's carrying currency funds was $3.404 billion, to be replenished on the basis of a letter or extension from the bank for the use of the funds. This shortfall was mainly due to short-term borrowing balances, of which $3.2 billion was received from the company's share.
The company’s current liabilities can be divided into two major tranches: one, the LIC’s liability of approximately $1.7 billion (an arrangement whereby the LA would return the loan with its own cash flow and profit, to be completed within the next five years, and refinancing arrangements could be considered to optimize interest when future profitability is good).
Cost: 2. Nasda’s debt is about RMB 3 billion. Based on key parameters used in corporate goodwill tests, we have calculated that the League’s approximate free cash flow for the next five years, which is close to free cash flows, is equivalent to 2019/12/31, with a present value of RMB 147.8 billion, or more than $1.7 billion.
The company prepares a forecast of pre-tax cash flows over the next nine years based on historical actual operating data, industry trends, expected revenue growth rates, Māori rates, etc.
The annual discount of the net cash flows of the goodwill-related asset group as recoverable amounts is consistent with the established basis of its book value, based on a comparison of the book value of the asset group containing goodwill with the recoverable amounts of the asset group to confirm whether there is a impairment of the goodwill of the asset group. The key parameters used by the assets group at the League’s international level in projecting the present value of future cash flows are as follows:
After discounting, the current value of future cash flows (recoverable amount) is expected to be $24,590 million, well above its book value of $12,327 million, thus putting the company at a lower risk of impairment of its goodwill. Assuming that the number of printers in the League’s Oem is growing each year, prices are raised, and the revenues from the original Litegational Consumables are raised over time.
As a result, we predict that companies will receive 16.0 and 11.4 per cent of their printing operations, including raw consumables. Comparable companies in the printing and consumption of raw materials have a stake in the company, and chip operations have a better choice than those in the company. Printers are highly important in the area of information security, and there is much room for raising the share of the national production printer market, and companies are using as printers.
At the same time, corporate chip technology leads, extending to generic mccu chips on the basis of printing universal consumption chips, and has much to offer in the context of the replacement of chip national production. We predict a net return profit for the company in 2019-2022 of 10.50.
The risk of an escalation of trade friction between China and the United States: because the LCL is a United States company, there is a risk of a non-proprietary dispute arising from an escalation of trade friction between China and the United States: the printing industry is a patent-intensive industry, patented technology is an important means for intra-industry producers to compete and gain a competitive advantage, and raw printer manufacturers constantly build technical barriers through patents to protect their market and commercial interests.
For printing spent chips, patent disputes and risks with the original equipment manufacturer will persist.