The workers' leader has returned, and the report says he's overrated.
The increase in the power of the industry’s products + the optimisation of the output of the industry has led to a high demand for advanced manufacturing in the industry, a recovery in the traditional sector, and a continued strong business in the SWI. The industrial sector has recovered from the epidemic, with accelerated import substitution.
During the first half of the year, orders were set at +50 to 60%, income is projected at +50%, with servers, plc doubling, high frequency growth, high downstream demand for improved lithium, photovoltaic, 3c, etc., and rapid growth in the traditional sector of textiles, fluids, lifts, etc., adding up the economic contribution of the epidemic.
With the recovery of the gas, traditional industries, industrial controls are expected to grow by 40%. At the same time, the Māori rate of industrial control operations is significant, with the power and voltage of the power plants, the cars entering the harvest period, and the commercial margins improving.
Pelican, Wilma, Mitsubishi, etc., have continued to open up domestic front-line companies a point and foreign clients; mobile cars have increased and passenger cars have fallen temporarily. The industry has recovered in the second half of the year, with a year-round harvest of more than 50%, with a significant loss of profits of 100 million.
The first six months of the elevator are robust, the elevator department is growing by a number of places, and the first half of the year is expected to be a year of growth, while the first half of the year is expected to be a year of growth in the number of places in the elevators.
Super-expected, power-driven, power-driven, capable, power-controlled, power-controlled, second-dumping, 2020-04-07.
Assuming that h1Bestte contributes 1.2 billion dollars and a profit of 110 million (1.14 billion in 19h1, 125 million in 125 million, 24 per cent in + 57 per cent, profit in +47 per cent ~ 91 per cent. 20h1 in median, $4.62 billion, + 70 per cent, net profit 740 million, +85 per cent, minus 2.275 billion, +25 per cent, profit in +455 million, +56 per cent,
The industrial-controlled sector in the country is back on track after the epidemic, with better than expected downstream demand for photovoltaics, lithium power, electronics, and faster import substitution at the same time; the swaths product mixes management and marketing power, with more than 50 per cent growth in orders in the first half of the year, with servers, over-double growth in plc, rapid growth in frequency, significant income growth in the first half of the year, and higher Māori rates.
After the outbreak, the industrial control sector returned to the recovery path, with electronics, photovoltaics, lithium power, etc., representing a strong demand for advanced manufacturing industries. After 18 years of trade warfare, the industrial control sector began to recover weakly, with 20o1 being affected by the epidemic averaging 12.4%, but last year o4 started to take the lead in recovery of electronic semiconductors (+17.9%), lithium (+14.9%), lithium (+14.9%),
The demand for sectors such as 3c (+12.8%) is strong, the demand for economic maskers, smelts, etc., is hot. o2 manufacturing industries quickly returned to the recovery path. By macro-indicators, manufacturing pmi50.9 in June, four months in a row, industry added up to +3.9%/+4.4% in April/May, ending the fall of o1, and manufacturing solidified cumulative drops.
It is also a month-by-month narrow harvest: there has also been a marked improvement in middle- and middle-market sales, and in industrial and industrial orders. Looking ahead, in the second half of the year, the advanced manufacturing sector, on the one hand, will continue to be well demand driven by the product cycles of emerging industries, and, on the other hand, with the recovery of traditional industries, such as manufacturing, plasticization, textiles, and lifts, on the other, the industrial and regulatory sectors are back on track.
The increase in import substitution and industrial concentration has accelerated as a result of the overseas epidemic. Since March, the epidemic has continued to ferment, the supply of foreign-owned industrial suppliers in some parts of the domestic market has been strained, the process of domestic capital-led import substitution has accelerated, and tensions have slowed in June, but some downstream producers have accelerated the national conversion process; and domestic industrial controls have stepped up.
The supply of industrial components (igbt, chips, etc.) is tight, affecting the product processes of small and medium-sized domestic producers, while the strategic inventory of Sinkkawa is relatively abundant, while also actively promoting “supply and delivery” and the industry's share is slashed towards capital elites such as Sinkkawa.
The swaths continue to grow at a high rate, with industrial controls expected to grow by about 40% throughout the year. q1 q1 stagnate with advanced opportunities to create a high growth rate, an epidemic economy and an accelerated import substitution, while based on the 19-year regional sales sbu, which adheres to the “top-down” business strategy, the “industry-plus” marketing model, and the “sunk” market.
Toku is starting to reap results in q2. We expect high growth of 50-60% in the first half of the 20th century, with sub-products, servers, plcs expected to exceed double growth, and rapid growth in frequency; downward viewing of advanced industries such as lithium, electricity, photovoltaic, 3c, etc., has been a good demand and is expected to grow significantly.
There has also been an acceleration of import substitution in traditional sectors, with better growth in decorating machines, textiles, weight liftings, and new industries such as wind and electricity, where import replacements have outpaced growth, although orders for the q1 mask industry have also been hot in the month of March; increases in q1 orders on rhythms, but delays in the recognition of revenues affected by the epidemic; and higher q2 orders, expected revenues.
2-4 points higher and the ring ratio continues to improve, from: 1) 19 years of new platform products (sv660, plc, etc.) with higher sales prices and Māori ratio; 2) initial effectiveness of efficiency mitigation measures, with emphasis on in-house diving and process optimization since the end of last year with similar Māori rates for products such as servers, control systems, etc.
Throughout the year, the recovery in the industrial sector, particularly in advanced manufacturing demand, accelerated import substitution, and the consolidation of the Hong Kong self-reliance base, the ability of new products to upgrade + “up top-down” marketing strategies + organizational change, are expected to achieve a high growth rate of more than 40 per cent throughout the year, with a marked increase in the Māori rate.
Since the beginning of the harvest, the power and control vehicles have made a complete breakthrough, both inside and outside the country, with commercial vehicles losing about 350 million in the past year, and more than 50% of the revenue is expected to grow this year, and profits are expected to fall significantly by more than 100 million. The epidemic has affected domestic electric vehicle sales, but the new forces, Tesla, have grown structurally, and will recover in the second half of the year.
A faster growth track. The first half of the year saw 355,000 certified vehicles, corresponding to 42 per cent of the year, and 235,000 (-47 per cent) in January-May, but Tesla and the new forces were prominent, with 39,000 Tesla and 10,000 passenger vehicles (-57 per cent) in January-May, of which Yutong produced 2071 vehicles, compared to 71 per cent in the second half of the year.
In the case of cars, the company's first-placed Internet car company started to do it this year, the only Wilmer last year continued to do it, the ideal one at the beginning of the year began to do it, the small pap 7 started to do it mid-year, and Sinkuan used 26,000 vehicles for the months of January-May, the same year.
Yearly success point b, expected to be significant next year, and first-line cars like Chirre in the first half of the year, will continue to develop a point for domestic cars, two in 19 and one in 20, with two to three and a full-scale break-up for the client; in the case of commercial vehicles, the first half of the year was relatively stressful and the bus was the only one.
The decline in the number of large customers is evident, but the number of major customers, such as the specialized car Mitsubishi, Jiang bell, and Chang River, is expected to be close to 5,000 in the first half of the year, compared to only 1,000 in the previous year’s period, a marked increase. The elevator is robust in the first half of the year, and the accelerated integration and synergy between the two is expected to be further demonstrated.
Elevator products in 2001 were slowed down by the epidemic, and when they resumed work, they gradually returned to normal, and in the first half of the year, the Ministry of Enterprise + Bestte's revenue is expected to grow steadily in one-digit terms. The accelerated integration after the Sinkuan takeover of Bestte has now been integrated into the Department of Elevators, and the synergies are expected to be further demonstrated to accelerate the expansion of multinational customers.
At the same time, it has enriched the capacity for large-scale solutions for the HSBE elevators: 19H1 Bethett collects $1.14 billion and returns 125 million; annual revenues 2.5 billion + and profits 260 million, with a schedule of about 100 million (affected by the value added assessed and the mid-year balance sheet); and was well run during the first half of this year, projected and projected.
The organizational changes were further advanced, and the first three nuclear projects, corporate governance (cg), strategy (sm), marketing (ltc/mcr), were launched in October 19 and are expected to yield results over a period of one to three years, in which itc has become a framework in which it continues to be refined for 20 years, while driving it to the ground.
Three transformation projects, ihr, build agile process-based organization and industry-led management systems, while continuing to push forward change projects like ipd, ltc, etc. The change dividend is expected to begin in 20 years, with the hope that the company’s competitiveness, organizational efficiency, cost-control capacity, per capita output, etc. will continue to be optimized.
Thanks to improved product structure and increased Māori rates, organizational changes have been effective and the net profit rate is beginning to recover significantly. 20q2 changes, efficiency reduction measures are beginning to show positive results, with a similar increase in the Māori rate for servers, control systems and elevator integrated products; 2) cost control, sales costs, R&D costs are increasing at a slower rate than income; 3) VAT refunds, government grants received
Figure 9: Revenue projections and investment proposals for the removal of the bst net home country interest rate by the SSB: due to the over-expected nature of generic product orders, taking into account the growth of the company in general automation space, industry status, the new energy vehicle into the harvest phase, the upper company ' s net return profit for the period 2020-22, respectively
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board