The King of Engineering has returned, and the power-controlled highs are on their way, and on the 18th of August, 2020, Tsang Do Hong
Research assistant Chai Ka Fai, who has overestimated the growth of the industrial control business and significantly increased the Māori rate of the product. The industrial control industry has returned to the recovery track after the outbreak in the country, with high downstream demand for photovoltaics, lithium power, electronics, 3c, etc., q2 liftings, printing kits, etc.
Recovery of demand in the textile, plastics, etc., accompanied by acceleration of import substitution; Reciprocal automation operations (including electrolytic sbu) in the first six months of the Sinkgawa generated 2,118 million, i.e. 56%, of which 100 million (+145%) and electric fluids served 149 million (excluding Istun, including the overall increase in Istun fluids).
+30%) In the first half of the year, there was an increase of nearly 60% over the same period, advanced manufacturing with the advantage of the river, high growth, a build-up of the traditional q2 industry, masking, etc., and higher growth in the industrial-controlled sector in the first half of the year. At the same time, there was a significant improvement in the Māori rate of industrial-controlled products, with 20H1 variants, sports control, etc.
(server, etc.), Māori rates for control technologies (plc, hmi, visual) products are 47.4%, and new energy is in the harvest period, which is expected to result in a significant increase in the end of the income and a loss of profits.
In the case of passenger cars, the first six months of the new power in the Hong Kong River, the number of customers such as Wilma, Ideas, Peng, etc., was 48,000 and +298 per cent installed in January-July, and the client completed a first-line top, with a continuous product rotation; in the case of commercial vehicles, the new customers in the logistics car were on a six-month basis.
The first six months of the elevator were robust, and the accelerated integration and synergy of the bridge + Bestte was expected to be further demonstrated. The King of the Dragons returned, and the announcement of a huge advance was announced.
In the first half of the year, the sum of $1.857 billion was generated by the first six months, of which $550 million was earned by the elevator as a single machine, compared to 11 per cent, and 1.31 billion by 2020-07-08 bst, compared to 15 per cent.
2- "Seconian technology (300124): q1 is fully connected, forming a cross-border branded elevator market, overseas elevator market, domestic brand elevator market, single over-expected, industrial, power-driven upswing " .
Three entity organizations, using management tools such as the unified kpi, have launched the Gretchen Manufacturing Base, transferring operations such as large ancillary product lines, doorway lines, etc., to the new base. At the same time, the integration of the two units has accelerated the pace of 3, Hitchon Technology (300124): Performance
Over-exploitation, with a high increase in industrial, electrical and power drivers, measured at about 100 million, netting off the bst and the impact of the first half of the year, $3.477 billion, or +27.9 per cent of the year, net profit from the mother billion, +44 per cent of the year ' s profit, $420 million for new energy vehicles, or +11 per cent of the year, was less affected by the epidemic in the last half of the year.
On the whole, the higher-than-expected performance of the SWI is derived from the high growth in general automation and the higher-than-expected Māori rate, and the current order for July-August is still strong, with high income growth expected to continue, with a compounding of profit margin increases, and expected to continue to exceed expectations in the second half of the year.
Thanks to improved product structure and increased Māori rates, organizational changes have been effective and profit rates are starting to recover significantly. 20h1 year-on-year +3.9pct. From 1) product structure changes, high Māori service, plc, etc. sales have increased significantly, and the Māori rate for the product itself has improved in the context of new product overlaps and high demand; 2) management change,
Cost control, sales costs, R & D costs are rising less rapidly than income; 4) VAT refunds are collected, government grants are increased, etc.
The industrial and regulatory sectors have recovered from the domestic epidemic, with high downstream demand for photovoltaics, lithium power, electronics, 3c and so on, o2 demand for lifts, printing bags, textiles, etc., and accelerated import substitution; and synchronous production, management and marketing power, with high growth of over 50 per cent of all orders and revenues in the first half of the year, with over-serving and over-plc
After the epidemic, the industrial sector recovered, advanced manufacturing led, and demand increased in the dominant sector of Hong Kong. In 18 years, the industrial sector was affected by the trade war, 19q4 recovered weakly, and 20q1 was affected by the epidemic.
Recovering, economic maskers, molten cloths, etc., demand is hot. From macro pmi, solid injections in manufacturing, the industry has improved from month to month, with a strong growth in data on industrial robots, machine-bed sales, micro-regulations, vs. +13.8%, project-based markets, ratio - 2.6%, servers, small nuclei, etc., closely linked to oem markets.
The increase in import substitution and industrial concentration has accelerated as a result of the overseas epidemic. Since March, the epidemic has continued, with tight supply of foreign capital-controlled suppliers in some domestic markets, accelerating the process of domestic capital-led import substitution. Tensions have slowed in June, but some downstream producers have accelerated the national conversion process;
On the other hand, the tight supply of industrial and regulatory components (igbt, chips, etc.) affects the product processes of small and medium-sized domestic producers, while the strategic inventory of these units is relatively abundant and actively promotes “supply, delivery” and the industry's share is slashed towards capital elites such as the SWI.
Rapid response, aggressive attack opportunities, high industrial orders in the first half of the year and expected to continue to rise in the second half of the year. In the first half of the year, 2.18 billion dollars were earned from general automation operations (sbu containing electric fluids) + 56 per cent, with 920 million (+29 per cent), 817 million (+101 per cent) and plc&hmi 230 million.
High demand for electronics, 3c, lithium, photovoltaic, etc. in manufacturing industries, where Hitchuan has now established a strong position, and where orders from advanced manufacturing industries are expected to increase almost doubled; the recovery of 2 q2 domestic needs, the recovery of growth in the weight, textile, printing, electrical fluid, etc., and the surge in demand for the March-April masked machine solution.
Q1 orders were increased at rhythm, but confirmed delays, resulting in high growth of q2 orders, revenue, equipment, sports control (server, etc.), Māori for control technology (plc, hmi, visual) products, sales prices, Māori rates, etc., for new platform products (sv660, plc) launched in 19
(b) Efficiency reduction measures are beginning to show results, with emphasis on in-house diving and technological excellence since the organizational changes at the end of last year, with a marked increase in the same ratio of Māori for products such as servers, control systems, etc.;
Quick, on the other hand, Sinkkawa's own foundation, new product uplifting capacity + “up top down” marketing strategy + organizational change enabler, with a high growth rate of around 50 per cent throughout the year in industrial and regulatory operations, and Māori ratio, same as Birming, figure 5: manufacturing pmi51.1, July 5 months in a row
Figure 7: Manufacturing industry value added in July (the same month) increased by +6.0 per cent. Electric power and electrical controls have entered the harvest period from this year onward, with customers making full breakthroughs, both domestic and foreign, with commercial vehicles at the bottom of the scale, with losses of about 350 million last year, with a projected increase of more than 50 per cent in revenue and a significant loss of more than 100 million profit margins this year.
The epidemic has affected the domestic sale of electric vehicles, but there has been a significant increase in new power, with the industry expected to recover faster and longer in the second half of the year. In January-July, the Sino-Associative Association showed that 446,000 vehicles, or 32.4 per cent, were sold in domestic use, but structurally, the new forces performed well, selling 17.7 million vehicles (+86 per cent), idealized, using the Federation's data for January-July.
More than 1.05 million vehicles (starting at the end of last year), 0.63 million vehicles for porium (-43 per cent, of which p7 sells 0.33 million), and a gradual recovery, with a projected recovery of over 40 per cent in the second half of the year, are expected in the production of new energy vehicles.
In the case of cars, the company’s first-placed Internet car companies began to do so this year, the only Wilmas last year continued to do so, and the ideal one began to do so at the beginning of the year, starting with Pap7 in mid-year.
In January and July, 48,000 vehicles were installed in Hong Kong, compared to +298 per cent, and the city ' s share rose from 3.3 per cent of 19H2 to 11.5 per cent. This year, customers completed tots in Chiré and a line company abroad, and it is expected that they will continue to break through the country ' s a point and overseas vehicle points; 11kw are more in the same production area.
Goods into sample b, 6.6 kw multi-product into sample c, expected to start batch next year; mix power and power and power control, high-speed flashcard generators into sample b; third generation total tri-product development completed b, expected bulk delivery at the end of the year; fourth generation total product completes conceptual design and enters detailed design sequences
With regard to commercial vehicles, major customers such as Mitsubishi, Jiang bell and Chang Ha are using 5409 in the first half of the year, with only 1,032 in the same period the previous year, a marked increase compared to the previous year. This year, they have continued to break through a number of top clients, achieve target points, target products at emerging markets such as heavy cards and sanitation, and build on the third generation of multi-platform products.
Custom development, product is already in the b-samples phase and is expected to be delivered in bulk early next year; a new generation of microchip products is actively laid out, and the product is expected to go to the market in bulk next year; the passenger vehicle is under relative pressure for six months, and the car's only major customer, Woo-tung, is expected to produce more than 66.5 per cent, but the income is expected to decline significantly in the upper half of the river.
In the first half of the year, the elevator was robust, and the synergized integration and synergies between the two are expected to be further demonstrated. 20q1 elevator output slowed down due to the effects of the epidemic, gradually returning to normal after resumption of work, with the first half of the year, when the Sinkkawa +bst earned 1,857 million dollars, of which 1,857 million.
Elevator One, with $550 million, compared to 11 per cent, bst, with $1.31 billion, plus 15 per cent. The Bst was acquired by the Sink and quickly integrated, and the market is now fully closed, forming three entity organizations in the transnational brand elevator market, the overseas elevator market, the domestic brand electric ladder market, using management tools such as the unified kpi, the launch of a fine manufacturing base, and a large package of product lines,
In addition, Bst and Table 110 million are projected for the first half of the year. It is expected to maintain a steady growth rate of 5-10% in the year, with Bestte contributing more than 130 million.
The organizational changes were further advanced, with the first three nuclear projects, corporate governance (cg), strategy (sm), marketing (ltc/mcr), launched in October 1919, now achieving milestones and actively transforming the landscape into a new corporate culture, business guidelines, human resources management frameworks, etc.
Kawakami has unified the company’s business concept and governance, clarified its approach and strategy, and enhanced its internal efficiency. Three change projects, ihr, ipd, isc, continued for 20 years, building agile process-type organizations and industry-led management systems, while continuing to push forward the int systems of the ipd, ltc, etc. change projects to land and consolidate the change dividend.
It is expected to be highlighted in the 20th century, and it is expected that the company will continue to optimize its competitiveness, organizational efficiency, cost-control and cost-control capabilities. The cost side will be affected by the bst scale. Overall, the cost increase will be lower than the income increase, the cost rate will fall, the net interest rate will rise, and the VAT refund will be higher.
Cash flows are bright, and the increase in pre-collected accounts augurs well. Net cash flows from operating activity 2020h1 went into $488 million, an increase of 145.33 per cent over the same period; cash from sales of commodities was $3.874 billion, an increase of 57.53 per cent over the same period.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board