China's China Central Free (60188.sh) buy-in offers a deep-seated assessment: to rob the city's tax-free layout, to further consolidate its leadership position, and China's China China Central Free from Disclosure Board resolution, to agree to the company's contribution of 1,228 million yuan by means of a private agreement.
In terms of the price of the transaction, the value of the transaction is estimated to be approximately 2,506 million yuan, based on the value of the purchases made by the tax-free companies in recent years, which we believe are relatively reasonable, in line with the Hong Kong stock listing scheme and are expected to be in progress.
2) In terms of equity ratio, although the acquisition involved only 49% equity and was not covered by the company ' s consolidated statements, we anticipate that it will, or will, enhance the profitability of the company by enabling it to serve the procurement end and to participate deeply in the operation of the tax-exempt stores under the Chinese flag, with its strong supply chain and transport capabilities
China was founded in 1983 as China’s first national tax-free business with the approval of the State Council, with tax-free licence plates, and under the flag.
As the only national foreign exchange exemption operator in the city, China has a relatively strong pre-emptive advantage in the area of intra-city tax exemption.
The only enterprise in the country that can provide duty-free shopping services in the city of the nation is China, which, thanks to its license plate advantages, has nine intra-city duty-free shops in the main cities of Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing, Hangzhou and Chongqing, as well as three unopened ones, namely Fatty, Nanchang and Kunming, which have built up significant pre-existing advantages.
The market size: as the flow of incoming and outgoing visitors warms up, the city’s tax-exempt policy is liberalized or is expected to be on the agenda, we expect to expand in terms of the purchase of people or the duration of the purchase.
The market for duty-free shops in our city may be 26.9 billion, 2023-2026cagr about 110 per cent, leading the entire Chinese tax-free market. (2) The city is expected to be free of tax-exempt operations in the city, and the trading is expected to be sustainable.
In view of the fact that there are currently six municipal stores in the country, that Chinese uniforms have opened nine municipal duty-free shops in the major cities, and that there are about three stores under way, considering that these are currently being exempted from duty-free shops in most of the country's first and second-tier cities, we believe that it is reasonable to maintain a dominant position in the municipal duty-free market.
The market share (sum of Chinese and Chinese clothing) may be as high as 70-80 per cent and it is expected that it will benefit significantly from the intra-city tax exemption policy.3 The profit margin is as follows: for example, the intra-city store is exempt from the intra-city market, and we expect the intra-city shop net interest rate under the no-supply system to be equal to 15-20 per cent.
4) Performance contribution measurement: by reference to the uphill rhythm of Sanya stores in different policy scenarios, and the single-store model of the Central Sanya stores, which are free of competition in the south of the sea, it is estimated that tax-exempt operations in the city for 24-26 years (assuming a 51% shareholding) will be worth $97,190,25.7 billion, respectively.
The market has recently been more concerned about the impact of import/exit liberalization on the Hainan free market, with a higher return on free shares, but the company, as a white horse unit with excellent operational capacity, resource endowment, and supply chain capacity, is expected to be adequate.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
I. 49% of the shares to be acquired and the purchase price to be reasonable Incident: China was exempted from disclosure of board decisions on the night of 14 days and agreed to the company to contribute 1,228 million yuan by private agreement to the replenishment of China Expatriate Personnel Services Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Chinese apparel”), with 49% of the Chinese uniforms to be held upon completion of the transaction
In terms of transaction prices, the total value of this transaction price corresponds to approximately 2,506 million yuan, referring to the value of the purchase price of the tax-free company in recent years, which we consider to be a relatively reasonable level, consistent with the Hong Kong stock listing scheme, and which we expect to account for in terms of the share ratio of this acquisition, although it only involves 49 per cent equity and is not included in the company ' s consolidated statements.
Free or will, by virtue of their strong supply chain and operational capacity, enable them to serve the procurement end and to participate deeply in the operation of tax-free shops under the Chinese flag, and enhance their profitability, taking into account that both sides are co-owned, without excluding further acquisitions of additional shares in the follow-up period: 40 years of full-licensed duty-free operators in the deep-farming industry
The Chinese Farming Tax Free Industry was established in 1983 as China’s first national tax-free business, approved by the State Council in 1980, and initially supplied tax-free foreign exchange goods and living goods to expatriates; in 2010, the Chinese uniform was integrated into the pharmaceutical group, became a fully-owned business and was no longer owned by the country.
As the country’s oldest and most business-like national tax-free enterprise, China has tax-free licences and some 29 tax-free projects, including tax-exempts from the island, intra-municipal tax, border duty-free, and offshore tax-exempt.
Intra-city tax exemption: As the only national foreign exchange exemption operator in the city, Chinese uniforms have a stronger \triangleright advantage in the area of intra-city tax exemption.
China’s only provider of duty-free shopping services in China’s cities. By virtue of its license plate, China’s chief cities of Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing, Hangzhou, Chongqing and other countries already have nine duty-free shops in China’s two main cities, and three are open: China’s Beijing-based stores, which began in 1980, and China’s first duty-free stores in China in 2020.
The number of skus has doubled and new brands have been introduced, such as perfumes, cosmetics, etc., from the Yang district to the front business district near Tiananmen Gate in December of that year; the Chinese store in Shanghai reopened in 2016 and is located in Yoonda Square, Shanghai Peace Zone, with an area of approximately 3,300 square metres.
There are about 10 duty-free shops in China, including Liaoning Camp, Jingxeng Airport, and there are about 14 duty-free shops under the current flag.
With the gradual expansion of the Chinese-collar and intra-city shop projects, interregional and intra-city + shop linkages are expected to emerge, and the scale effects are expected to emerge. Tax exemption from the island: the project is geographically superior, and there is still much room for improvement.
On 30 December 2020, after a period of only three months, the first phase was officially opened; the second was opened on 1 October 2021, in Dio, Helena, Amani, Tom Ford,
More than 400 international brands, such as St. Roland, Dyson, Marlboro, Jack, Universality, and Chopin, have been brought together to upgrade their product structure and brand quality. Looking ahead, we believe that they will be empowered, or projects will have greater potential, in terms of supply chains and operations.
After the acquisition, the city was exempted from taxation, and the vanguard position was further consolidated. With the liberalization of the entry and exit of the country and the expected gradual increase in the liberalization of the city's tax-exempt policies, we believe that the tax-exemptity within the city will be an important addition to the future Chinese tax-exempt market.
As the flow of incoming and outgoing visitors warms up, the liberalization of the city’s tax-exempt policy may be expected to be on the agenda, and we expect to expand the purchase of people or the duration of their purchases. According to Sullivan, the size of the market for duty-free shops in the city may be reached in 2026.
Gradually, tax-free channels in the city are expected to become an important source of growth for China’s tax-free market and to attract foreign consumption back into the market. 2----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
In cities like Siam, Tianjin, Fuzhou, Guangzhou, and others, duty-free shops are in preparation, with high-quality traffic entry points in several priority areas; Chinese uniforms have opened nine municipal duty-free shops in major cities, and there are about three stores that are moving ahead, with some advantages.
In order to maintain a dominant position in the duty-free market within the city, a reasonable market share of 70-80 per cent (middle and + Chinese uniforms combined) is expected to benefit significantly from the expansion of the tax-exempt policy within the city.
20%. For example, from 2017 to 2020, the net rate of interest of the stock market is relatively stable. If the profit of the supply is not taken into account, the net interest rate is about 15%; if the profit of the supply is considered, the net interest rate can be about 25-30%. Taking into account factors such as the size of the stock store in the city or the size of the stock store, the rent in the second line of the city, or the fact that it is high, or there may be a point of delivery.
Net interest rates are expected to be 15 to 20 per cent below the market level. Annual net interest rates are calculated without income tax deductions, and figures 7 to 8 are 25 per cent income tax.4 Performance contribution measures: we take into account the uphill pace of stores in Sanya, in different policy scenarios, for the next few years
The size of the exemption has been measured, taking into account the single-store model of a market free from intense competition in Hainan, and a single shop free of Tria, which gives an estimate of the performance space for future duty-free operations in China and South Asia, which is expected to be 24-26 years (assuming and configuring, 51% of the centre ' s general manager). In 2022, I joined the Sinda securities as deputy general manager of the research and development centre.
In November 2022, they joined the Sinda new consumer group. They covered cosmetics, medical beauty, social clothing, Li Bong Jing, Master of Science at the Champagne branch of the University of Illinois, Bachelor of Science in Economics at the South-West University of Finance and Economics, and the Sinda new consumer group in November 2022.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.