Shanghai Airport Stock Exchange Day helped us win, looking forward to a new tax-free opportunity in the city.
The Shanghai airport announcement of the acquisition of shares in the upper part and the upper part of the upper part of the upper part of the upper part of the upper part of the upper and upper part of the upper part of the upper part of the upper part of the upper part of the upper part of the upper and upper part of the upper part of the upper part of the upper part of the upper part of the upper part.
1. Shanghai Airport share-stock day, which allows it to be better tied to Shanghai Airport and reduce uncertainty about tax-free cooperation at Shanghai Airport after 2025, with the prospect of long-term co-benefits.2 Hainan duty-free recovery began with the release of the season, and 80 billion sizes of the 2023 exemption target for China and China, with excellent future policies.
3. The company Hainan tax-free layout has continued to deepen: the brand of the new seaport International Free City has continued to grow and the two-storey shop in the middle of Ysl will open in the near future. Gucci, Parada, etc., is expected to open later; the San Phoenix Airport tax-free shop is expected to open in the first half of the year after its expansion in December 2022 (approximately 1,000 m2) and is expected to open in the first half of the year (approximately 5,000 m2); and the Bay of Sea Bay region, phase 2, is expected to open in 2023, with the Central Line working with Taguri to build three.
With the combination of North-South layout and air portal cards, the firm’s absolute advantage in South China’s retail tourism is expected to be strengthened overall.4 With the recovery of entry and exit, the tax-exempt policy within the country’s border-departure city is moving closer. If the policy meets the single tax-exempt level (2-30 million or the median line is gradually moving up to that level), the class of goods (including the main categories of goods for which duty-free entry and exit is currently available), and the city’s door-to-door assumption (three shops are expected in the first line of cities, such as Kyoto).
Assuming the company’s multi-city layout (including, but not limited to, the existing six-gates and three strategically intended cities), the country’s share is expected to be optimistic, and the expected impact of an out-migration recovery on the south-west diversion is still more manageable (from 7 to 8% of the pre-epidation period 2020-2022, the future is expected to recover, and the combined competitiveness of the south-west supply side has changed over the last three years, from being the first global duty-free supply chain to being under pressure overseas).
6. While the net interest rate for duty-free operations in and out of the country is not as much as the tax-free rate under the Hainan Line, considering the firm’s optimal rent agreement for the last three years and the pressure on net interest rates for the company’s operations on the line for the last two years, we expect the company’s combined profitability to be sustainable after the return of the outbound tour. With a sustained recovery, the new project is expected to open up a medium-line growth space, and the city-wide tax-exempt policy is expected to bring new opportunities for the company to “airport + city + city” in the future.
On the Hainan+ Line, which has grown completely tax-free, it is hoped that China’s consumer fleet will be converted from the tens of millions of people in recent years to the hundreds of millions of class passenger flows in Hainan+Inbound and outbound, firmly maintaining its “buy-in” rating. The Shanghai Airport’s proposed acquisition of shares is part of the day’s equity, and it is hoped that it will help to keep the long-term benefits of the aircraft from being tied to the long-term benefits and cooperate in winning growth.
On 13 January 2023, Shanghai Airport issued an announcement that the company intends to set up a joint venture to save 12.48% of the shares and 15.68% of the shares of Japan (“Shanghai, Shanghai, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, China, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, China, Japan, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
In our view, the nature of this acquisition lies in the solar superiority of the free-in-control acquisition of the Shanghai airport shares, which in essence helps to bind the long-term interests of both, and thus to cooperate in a better way to win-in growth. In particular, the bid for this acquisition relates mainly to the operation of duty-free operations under the Central Kyoto hub airport, the operation of bonded imports on the line, and the operation of the current duty-free market in Kyoto City (for departing foreigners). In other words, the Shanghai airport passes through the relevant business.
This acquisition of shares is expected to accelerate further integration of its “airport + duty-free” and co-ordinate development. And, if the tax-free policies of the future people in the city of departure are in place, and assuming that the “Middle and Free Capital” company, one of the above-mentioned shares, continues to dominate tax-free operations in the city of departure, Shanghai airport can also engage in tax-free operations within the city, thereby opening the “airport + duty-free + market-free” consumption traps to reduce the potential of the policy.
The focus on China is on China’s long-term interest in Shanghai airport, where the transactions are linked to sustained cooperation and win-win. While the trade is not straight, it is also of strategic importance to its development.
New Airport has further developed a comprehensive interest bundle, thus contributing to long-term co-benefits. On the one hand, in the Shanghai Airport tax-free bidding process after 2025, it is expected that it will take more initiative, reduce the associated uncertainties, such as rents, and further consolidate its flow base; on the other hand, exemption from duty-free operations on the future online with the city would allow for a better balance between tax-free approach and the airport’s effective consolidation of long-term definitive leadership status.
In the near future, despite the remarkable pressure on the island’s passenger flow in 2022, and the 48.71 billion yuan of duty-free sales across the province in 2022, which has been relatively stable, the liberalization of the island and the gradual arrival of the south-east season have been accompanied by a recent trend towards a return to the south.
The flow began to improve gradually, and Hainan’s tax-free return began to recover. On New Year’s Eve in 2023, the flow of passengers at Hainan airport was equal to that of New Year’s Day in 2022.
Seagate customs data, on 13 and 19 December, the amount of free sales from Hainan Island was more than $100 million for seven days, before it was estimated to be only tens of millions. During the New Year’s Day, Customs from Hainan monitored duty-free purchases off the island for a total of 422 million yuan and 43,000 tons, selling $140 million per day and $9816 per person per day, although the overall daily price was still different from the same period of $190 million (epidemiological, etc.) last year, the price of the guest unit was gradually approaching the same period last year.
In comparison to the ring, duty-free sales from Hainan Island have also increased, and sales statistics still need to be more clearly defined.) Hainan Province has clearly set a duty-free sales quota of $80 billion in 2023, with expectations for future policy excellence.
On January 13, 2023, the Governor of Hainan Province, Feng Fei, said that in 2023 Heinan would focus on boosting consumer demand, seeking 20% and 25% increases in tourist numbers, tourism revenues, respectively, and duty-free shopping sales over 80 billion yuan from the island. We believe that: (1) the future recovery of the Hainan tourist flow is expected to be accompanied by a gradual recovery in tax-free sales per se; and, in view of the importance of tourism in the economy of Hainan Province, we expect that the successor government will increase its support.
In addition to the promotion efforts, which do not preclude even further breakthroughs in the material and material limits, further contribute to the tax-free development of Hainan Island; and, in the past, it is clear that if the passenger flow is gradually restored, tax-free sales begin to normalize, and promotion discounts are expected to be more rational. On balance, we also look forward to the sustained recovery and growth of the company’s tax-exempt operations in Hainan in 2023.
Since December, the company's tax-free layout has expanded, the new seaport has continued to expand, the new port has continued to expand, the new airport has expanded, the new airport has expanded, and the new seaport has been expanded, and the new seaport, Seagate Bay, phase 2, has been upgraded.1 The new seaport project is well branded and is expected to contribute 10 billion + in 2023, and the median line is expected to re-create the Bay.
At the start of the company’s new seaport project on October 28, 2022, the brand brand had reached 800+, and the opening of the new seaport in mid-January had a total of more than 60 million yuan on the day it opened, while the overall daily performance was estimated to be around 3-4% in the Bay of Sea. Looking ahead, in 2023, the brand of the new seaport project is expected to be further enriched.
The core brands of gucci and Parada are expected to open, and we expect to generate $10 billion in revenues from the new seaport project if the flow of passengers returns gradually, and a new Sea Bay project is expected to be built over the next three to five years.2 Tax-exempt stores at San Phoenix Airport continue to grow. On December 25, 2022, tax-exempt projects at San Phoenix International Airport (approximately 1000) were launched.
(b) In the first half of 2023, the Sanya airport is expected to open with a two-phase tax exemption of 5000m2 and the Sanya airport is expected to operate in an area of approximately 7,000 square metres, further contributing to the development of the Sanya airport's core traffic card.
Figure 5: Seagate International Free City Bitmap Figure 6: Introduction of the New Sea by the Three Phases of the Free Shop at Phoenix Airport
Prior to the Henan International Convention Centre, the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application of the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application for the application of the application of the application for the application for the application to the application of the application of the application to the application of the application of the application to the application of the application of the application of the application of the application to the application to the application to the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application to the application to the application to the application of the application of the application of the application to the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application to the application to the application to the application to the application to the application to the application of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of
It's the Grand Goto Five, the Oda Kwangxi Coast, and the airport is driving around 1h.
In 2023, the Tria Bay Phase 2 project is expected to open.
The free trade + high-end hotel complex is expected to have synergies with the industry of Tria International Free City and Tria Sea Bay Riverheart and to increase its shopping experience through branding enrichment, with the tax-free component expected to open in 2023, with the prospect of building a new perfumed experience centre that would expand the space available for tax-free projects in Sea Bay and contribute to the growth of its tax-free sales.
On the median line, the company worked with Taguri to build the Bay of Seagull for three phases, and fully strengthened the firm's absolute advantage in tourism retailing in Hainan! In conjunction with the announcement that the company had a joint venture with Tegucigalpa property to build the Bay of Seagu for three phases (50% of each shareholding). The project occupies approximately 210,000 m2, and is expected to be phased out in 2024.
The second phase, fully defending the central position in Hainan, is expected to reach 700,000 m2 after the successful completion of the second and third editions of the Bay, and is expected to form a one-stop block through pedestrian walkways with the first and the second phase. Free of association with Taghuri Jianjin can effectively strengthen the high-end position of the Bay as a whole and the absolute advantage of tourism retailing.
In summary, China is strengthening its own channel by strengthening its position of absolute tax-exempt dominance to address future uncertainties. First, the country is responding to the North-South demand through the first two cities across the globe, the opening of a new seaport, the full-blown deepening of the Bay, and the creation of a three-phase high-end niche that combines the ancient past to continuously deepen the layout of the supply chain and the integrated experience service to effectively attract and integrate the benefits.
It is expected that Henan’s core traffic entrance will be fully configured, along with an optimal size and mobility, and that brand and product abundance will increase. The combination will avoid pre-issued cards and size advantages, as well as the enormous potential of offshore passenger traffic along the South China line, which is expected to be in Hainan for a certain period of time.
The market share is still expected to remain at 80% +, leading to continued south-bound tourism retailing in the territorial sea, and raising global competitiveness. The New Deal period for tax-free exits and exits is now nearing the end of the country’s economy, with the company’s mid-point of tax-free earnings in the third year expected to be 25 billion + re-entering the country, and the tax-free shop policy in the country’s exit city is expected to be gradual and expected in 2023.
With the gradual liberalization of domestic entry and exit restrictions, we expect that the duty-free market policy will be gradually phased out in 2023. Assuming that the duty-free duty-free policy within the city is in place in 2023, and that the related single exemption level will be met (2-30,000 or the median line moving up to that level),
In the case of the category of goods (including the main categories of existing duty-free imports and departures), the urban door-to-door scenario (the first-line cities such as Kyouta are expected to have three stores plus other main points, and the coastal cities are expected to have one or two), and in the context of analysis such as our in-depth report on the " Royal Policy Wind, Year of the New Deal " , reference is made to the Sea-to-Sea, the Sanya data and tax-free data from the Kyonghong airport, estimating the size of the duty-free shop in Kyung City from the perspective of penetration and unit price creeping, and assuming that
From the 70 to 80 per cent of duty-free shops in the city of Kyoto, it is estimated that the policy will be fully operational for the third year of the country’s departure, and that the total volume of tax-free sales in the city will be expected to reach $31,496 billion, or $36,43.2 billion in the median area.
Exemptions: Depending on their domestic tax-exempt status and municipal tax-free placement, it is expected to be the central beneficiary of the tax-exempt policy in the Central Line, or at the national level.
2) In recent years, companies have been working actively to establish strategic partnerships with priority cities to prepare for future intra-city shop layouts. In conjunction with the company’s annual newspaper and media reports, companies have been actively preparing for the development of tax-free retail tourism complex projects in priority cities in the country, such as Guangzhou, Chengdu, Wuhan, etc., which will not exclude more central ports in the country in the future.
In the future, if the tax-exempt policy in the city of departure does not exclude tax-exempt projects in the city of the country's main port of entry and exit, the company will be able to develop a “airport + on the city's internal + line” free-of-charge operation, with a view to contributing to the return of consumption to the country's main destination.
Intra-City Business Space Outlook: The full-scale income of the third year of operation is expected to reach $252-34.6 billion. Assuming that the company's citizens leave the city with several tax-free urban layouts (both in the location of the shops and in the cities of strategic intent), the country's share is expected to reach 7-8%, combining the tax-free general space of the former city, and we expect that if the policy is in place, the amount, etc., and the company's duty-free stores in the country can be located relatively smoothly, then the company's first.
It should be noted that if there is a difference in players’ competition, the estimates are likely to be higher in the initial period if the exemption is limited to lower categories of goods. At the same time, the scale of these sales is expected over a longer period of time as long as there is support for a gradual liberalization of future policy levels and further expansion of the goods class and the door.
In view of the fact that the company already has its own property, the net rate of interest at the Bay Bay store is generally 13-15% during the period when the epidemic is relatively stable, and the ratio of the wholesale price can be considered. Given this, we assume that the net interest rate of the company’s tax-exempt business is expected to be 11-13%, and that the third year of the company’s tax-exempt business is expected to be $2.8-46 billion, which is a significant contribution to the mother’s performance.
With the liberalization of domestic entry and exit restrictions on 8 January, and with the prospect of a gradual recovery of international flights in the future, residents’ exits are expected to begin to recover, and markets are concerned about the mid-line impact of the resumption of exit trips on the middle-line. First, we are concerned about the combined effect of the gradual recovery of exit trips on the south-east and the border crossings in the future.
1. The expected diversion effects of Hainan can be controlled, and it is expected to continue to be significant. Reference is made to our mid-July 2022 report on the opening of the New Flagship project, which is about to begin with a long-term investment value, and to the analysis in renegotiation: 1) The rise in China ' s free sales from duty-free policies in 2020-2022 is more likely to result from the liberalization of passenger prices and shopping rates, both of which are expected to continue with Hainan ' s exemption.
The qualitative changes in the supply of taxes over the last three years and the competitiveness of the domestic and foreign tax-free supply have been enhanced and optimized (domestic tax-exempt increases, South Korea partly). (3) The overlap between the Hainan and the incoming and outgoing flows itself is still expected to remain relatively manageable, and there is still a process for the full resumption of the outbound travel; and 3) the latest 2023 target for Hainan Province can also be seen in the Government’s confidence in the continuation of the South China tax-free market (which will not preclude further optimization of the policy in the future).
In 2019, the number of duty-free airports nationwide amounted to $34.2 billion, of which $31.8 billion, representing over 60 per cent of the company ' s total revenue, came from Shanghai and North.
In the future, the company’s exit/exit revenues are expected to recover gradually, and the company’s new entry/exit points have increased in recent years, which is expected to contribute further to the recovery. 2) During the period of immunization, the company actively negotiated with the airport to adjust the floor rent and to add to the company’s capacity to purchase the supply chain for the last three years, as a follow-up recovery.
Some market investors are worried about the difference in profitability between Hainan and the exit and exit points. But taking into account the 2021-2022 regime, the larger share of corporate sales is achieved through taxes on the line.
In the context of our earlier in-depth report on the opening of the new flagship project, the value of investment in the long term, etc., there are three essential capabilities: supply chains, channels and flow conversions, and efficiency gains. Sustained deepening of the supply chain requires reshaping Asia-Pacific tax-free in the post-epidemiology era.
The transfer of channels and flows is the way to avoid active efforts, whether the north and south of Hainan can be strengthened, or the potential opportunities for future stores in the city, as well as on-line traffic layouts, access to the membership system, etc. And, with the resumption of the outbound tour, the company’s future consumer base will be in the south of the sea in recent years.
Third, efficiency is the focus of the company’s 2022 effort, and the foundation of its future response to the various types of competition, but it needs to be tested through a normal operating cycle. Taken together, whether to open up international competition in the outbound or in the future, it will only be in the south of the sea.
With these three axes in full depth, with sufficient weapons to deal with competition, the long- and long-term horizons can continue to grow well in the future. Huan, which is now well-connected, and I will further expand the layout of overseas airports or other duty-free operations in the future.
China, as well as the global market, and thus the global market, have consolidated and consolidated its global tax-exempt first position. Figure 16: China’s thinking on the future.
In the future, exemption: Deep-farming domestic tourists, builder-country retailer full-flow service providers, best price, product best, experience best investment proposal: China is expected to deepen the win-win with Shanghai Airport benefits, looking forward to new opportunities for intra-city tax-exempt policies, maintaining the “buy-in” rating, Shanghai Airport's acquisition of shares on a part-time basis, with the hope that it will help free itself from long-term benefits and cooperate in winning growth.
As the season draws near, Hainan will gradually recover tax-free and the company will continue to optimize tax-free supply, which is expected to contribute further to the growth of the middle-line economy. Expatriate travel is expected to take place, opening up a tax-free policy within the city of the country’s departure, and it is expected that tax-free shops in the company’s third year of full operation will reach $252-34.6 billion in revenue, and that the middle-line space will be available.
In the meantime, there are prospects for a new opportunity for tax-exempt policies within the city, where the company will grow completely tax-free on the “airport + on the Hainan +” line, with the China-South group of consumers expected to be dominated in recent years (in tens of millions of grades) by the full-scale realization of the billion-grade passenger flow on the “Hanan + Outbound and Outbound Passenger Flows” and firmly maintained the “buy-in” rating.
Policy risks: exemption policies from Hainan Island and within-country departures may fall short of expectations; systemic risks such as macro-epidemiology; business risks: the impact of malign price wars at the stage; new projects such as the new seaport, Seamount Bay Phase 2 are running below expectations. The future expansion of the company abroad may be lower than expected; companies may face international competition for tax exemptions after the return of the excursions and may face sales and Maori rates if not properly addressed.
China Free China (60188.sh) – The third quarter of the Hainan epidemic is under pressure, and the new flagship project has set in motion a new pattern for the future – 2022-10-29, the authors have assured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, with reasonable judgment and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author