\triangleright October 25th, 2024 \triangleright
\triangleright yuan/tonne, same ratio + 0.9%, ring ratio + 0.5%. q3 coil price ratio has remained stable, mainly due to head (2) sales, with an industry inventory of 756,000 tons at the end of 24q3 according to Treasure Information data.
In April/May, the company’s downstream customers are in the replenishment phase, and q3 needs to go to the vault. On the profit side, considering the 24q3 company’s single-quarter overall Māori ratio ratio +5.61 pct, we expect the company’s coarse profitability ring to rise or continue to rise.
Electronic fabric: The pattern of supply and demand is good and the price is stronger \triangleright price ring is more pronounced than the recovery, mainly because the pattern of supply and demand is better and the price is stronger.
q3 Electronic sheet prices did not return, follow-up attention: 1 downstream demand (e.g. consumer electronics, home appliances, etc.) readying raw materials to drive the electronic fabric replenishment cycle.
Trends in the bratish industry: high price resilience, export + wind veil to structural bright spots \triangleright re-2024/04/26
The covet sector has high macroeconomic relevance, while the supply end was under greater pressure in 2024, and the price of corts was stable in 2025, expecting e-paper price elasticity - 2024/03/20.
The demand ring ratio is expected to be up (q4 is wind season), with 24q4 is expected to be price-resilient, high-end output 4. China Stone (600176.sh) is expected to have a certain price increase by the end of the year 2023, such as the wind veil (annual bargaining).
Review: Fibre price continues to be explored, product structure advantage segments are hedged by 2024/01/28 million tons, same ratio + 11.5 per cent, product structure angle 2 with a slight increase in the volume of wind and wind orders from the main plant in September, forecast
The ceremonial veil was affected by the industry’s suit grabs, and production and sales rates increased.
Investment proposals: continue to recommend changes in the competitive strategy of China’s Stone 1 pole price, stronger price resilience after a brazen reprice, better patterns of supply and demand for electronic fabrics, stronger prices, and reduced supply of scarce supplies in the middle- and middle-stream manufacturing sectors.
3 Industry demand-side focus on exports + wind and 4 construction of the world's first zero-carbon base, which is expected to form the core of a new round \triangleright research methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects researchers' research.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.