China Stone (600176.sh): Protein Dragon Head, October 29, 2024.
Three-quarterly report by the China Stone Corporation in 2024: the first three quarters realized operating income of 11,632 million yuan, which is a year-on-year increase.
It is remarkable, high-end, optimized product structure, production capacity, overseas layout, and further improved competitiveness in international markets. “Regression” and sales are booming, with three quarters of business income improving by the same year-on-year and single-season Mäori rates.
Since the second quarter of 2024, the Division has begun to “regulate”. After a long and continuous fall in prices, the prices for the sale of products have increased in the second quarter over the first quarter. In terms of sales, wind and thermal short cut products have remained relatively high.
This increase, which is related to the domestic wind and wind “scratch” of 39.12 million kW in January-September 2024, and 33.8% in January-September, is the better direction for domestic demand growth. At the same time, with better export demand driven by better demand, the company’s overseas demand has grown better, and external sales have remained high.
Growth in emerging markets, such as South-East Asia, has also been more rapid than in the past, at a rate of 8.27 per cent per quarter, or 3.50 percentage points higher than in the second quarter.
The company’s ability to operate has improved significantly, and prices remain low, leading to higher levels of profitability. The company’s continued decline in the first three quarters of 2024, albeit after a “reply price”, is still at a lower price level, and the level of profitability is still at a higher level of risk resistance, with low demand helping to optimize the company’s products and increase its market share.
For the global backbone, scale-scale cost advantages increase their resilience to risk in a context of low demand. At the same time, they accelerate the shift of the corporate product structure towards stable demand and better demand, favour the corporate product structure, optimize, such as the upgrading of corporate wind and wind products and the increase in the share of overseas products, making companies more productive.
S14801207003 matches the demand direction of the market. A low industry environment also helps companies gain a larger share of the market when other high-cost firms withdraw from the market.
Continuous upgrading further enhances the certainty of corporate growth. Once the pattern of supply and demand in the industry changes, leading and risk-resilient environments allow companies to build up a solid base of development and maintain a firm’s “strongly recommended” rating.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
China's Great Stone (600176.sh): The Protein Dragon's Presumptuous Lead, The New Development Foundation, The Source of the East's Financial and Sense, Zhao's military victory.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
China ' s Great Stone (600176.sh): The Protein Dragon ' s Presumptium leads the way, the low-prevalence foundation for new development does not guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for reference only. The information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.