The recovery of prices led to the restoration of performance and the re-expansion of the company’s capacity: China’s Great Stone published a three-monthly report in 2024. The company achieved operating income in the first three quarters of 2024.
The demand is warming and the price of the fabric is falling, and business performance is gradually being restored. Three quarters of market demand is coming back.
In 2024, according to the data from Cheol-in-Kook, the export volume of fibreglass and its products was 52.21 million tons, an increase of 11.50 per cent. The company’s sales of fibre-optic products increased, the price of the compounded fibre-optics fell gradually, the public sector’s performance improved further, with the company’s operating income growing by 1.81 per cent in the first three quarters of 2024, compared to the first half of the year.
At the end of March this year, the company took the lead in reinstating the prices of industrial fibres, which, according to data from Cheuk's Inventive Information, by the end of the third quarter, were entangled in direct veils of 2400 Tex and electronic veils, respectively, for 3,800 ton, 9250 ton, an increase of 9.35 per cent and 10.78 per cent, respectively.
The implementation of new purchase orders after product reprices and further strengthening of corporate cost controls, the gradual restoration of corporate profitability, with companies achieving a Māori sales rate of 23.74 per cent in the first three quarters of 2024, an improvement in cost-control capacity in comparison to -o3 and a significant improvement in operating cash flows.
In addition, the net cash flow generated by corporate operations in the first three quarters of 2024 amounted to $1,072 million, corresponding to an increase of 0.67 percentage points over the same period;
This represents a significant improvement over the 121.00 per cent increase in corporate operating cash flows, of which q3 was $845 million, representing an increase of 609.25 per cent and 101.86 per cent in the same/ring ratio. The improvement in cash flows was mainly due to the growth in corporate sales revenue and a decrease in the payment due to bank exchange bills.
In terms of capacity, as of the third quarter, the company had zero carbon at a relative depth of 300 tons.
China’s Stone Line is expected to release production capacity gradually, depending on the subsequent market situation. In terms of product structure, companies have not adjusted in recent years to optimize product structure, and the share of medium- and high-end products has gradually increased, in addition, with subsequent fibreglass on the optical edge.
The rising market penetration of the new scenario is expected to lead to more new growth in the company’s performance. Investment proposals: As the company’s product structure continues to optimize and its capacity is released, the firm’s position as a locomotive will be further consolidated, looking forward to its medium- and long-term development prospects.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.