• Events: company release of "Golden Xiao'an Ltd. produces 100,000 tons of electronic fibreglass per year
Notices of zero carbon smart production lines and accompanying 500mw wind power construction project, announcement of the company ' s limited annual production of 200,000 tons of fibre-glass-crystal line extension project, tons of electronic fibre line production, including g75/e225/d450 yals (for production purposes)
7628/2116/108 series of electronics, corresponding to an annual production of 392.5 million metres of electronics, coupled with 500mw wind power project, with 1.350 billion kwh per year of electricity on the Internet. The company’s cost advantage on g75 yarn/7628 fabrics is highlighted, and continued expansion is expected to further increase the city’s share. We believe that the electronic veils will increase further.
e.g., a more compact electronic veil product, which will facilitate further deployment of medium- and high-end markets, such as 3c. (2) The project is planned for a one-year build-up period, with 50/75% of capacity in the second/third year after completion, 100% at the end of the third year, and an orderly release of capacity is expected to match the growth of market demand
We're going to be able to improve our stock and reduce our efficiency. We're going to be able to produce 120,000 tons of fibreglass every year, and we're going to implement cold-repair modifications that will raise our annual capacity to 200,000 tons, and we're going to be able to reduce it further as we apply the technology of kiln technology and intelligent manufacturing, and we think that we're going to follow it.
In addition, the start-up of the Xijiang base, coupled with the implementation of the 120,000-ton production line, is expected to smooth down the pace of the company’s crude production, reflecting the industry’s leadership’s proactive control of the new supply.
They believe that the balance of supply and demand is expected to continue the recovery in 2025. The assessment is that the performance of o3 continues to improve, with the leading differences between 35%, 40%, and 45% of the net profit of the mother.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Industry profits are still in the bottom zone, and second- and third-line businesses generally lose, and will continue to limit production capacity in such areas as rhythmization, wind power below the veil, thermal plastics, penetration of China Stone (600176): mid-2024
Q: q2 performance ring repair, where new production can be found, further strengthens product differentiation, high end layouts based on production cost advantages and capacity internationalization advantages, with the hope of consolidating competitive advantages and increasing medium- and long-term profitability stability.
Looking forward to the strengthening of corporate leadership, which remains historically low, and the growing confidence of major shareholders in development, the positive increase in dividends and profitability, improved expectations are expected to contribute to valuation restoration, and price increases based on corporate wind power, thermal plastic short cut products, are expected to increase.
The three major financial forecasting tables for China's Great Stones have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.