China shares zhejiangdahuatechnology (00223ch) to initiate the preparatory process for the de-marketing of China's Creative VideoScreen, and to continue to strengthen digital enabling ecology construction.
The company announced that it would start the market-based preparations for the split-up of the holding company, China.
On 22 December, an indicative public announcement was issued on planning the listing of holding companies, according to which the company held the sixth meeting of its seventh board of directors on 21 December to consider and adopt the Bill on planning the listing of controlling companies.
The company’s board of directors has given the company the power to start pre-positioning to split up SWIFT to be listed on the domestic stock exchange. It has 51% shareholding and Ningbohua investment management partnership.
The company (limited partnership) holds 49% of the shares, and Ningbohua has created a stake for the company’s core workforce.
Formerly the Zhejiang Dahua Technology Co. Ltd., the Video and Video Industry Department, the company focused on the design, development, production, marketing and technical services of audio and videoconferencing systems, and autonomous research and development included conference hardware terminals, software terminals, conference video
A full set of conference products, including microphones, smart tablets, paperless meeting systems, multi-point control units, conference management systems, cloud viewing platforms, etc., and provision of videoconferencing, smart party construction, emergency command, snowlight engineering, smart justice, intelligent teaching.
Videoconferences are used in various industries, such as reproductive and intelligent medicine. According to Dahua Shares 2019, the National Commission for Health and Health (CNWV) and the World Health Organization (WHO) have played an important role in the global epidemic prevention and control system through video-link meetings.
It is argued that market segmentation will help promote joint corporate and Chinese televised ventures, as well as enhance China’s profitability and integrated competitiveness. In collaboration with the Group, a strategy will be developed to continue to strengthen digital enabling ecology.
On the basis of this strategic partnership, the two sides will further intensify their efforts in smart cities, rail traffic, business parks, smart sites, and wisdom.
Synergy in integrated applications such as manufacturing, smart fluorescent, and smart street lights, together, drives the digital transformation of industries. In our view, companies have been active in recent years in expanding the digital transformation of industries, helping to strengthen the corresponding technologies through strategic cooperation.
Technology, markets, platforms, and industrial integration advantages, while taking full advantage of the entire industry chain of capital, can build new patterns of digital technology and industrial integration development. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: We believe that companies benefit significantly from the industry’s demand climate.
The overall operating income is expected to increase steadily and significantly, with upward and intelligent trends, driven by diversity; the company continued to optimize its income structure in 2020 and to strengthen its fine management, operating quality
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.