Tsang Hong, research assistant, Chai Ka Fai, continued to be in high demand, while import substitution accelerated further; 20 years of Sinkuan Industrial Control
Industry demand surged with marketing strategies such as “ups and downs”, “industry + regional synergies”, Hong Kong, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Asia, South Asia, South Africa, South Asia, South Asia, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South, South, South, South, South, South, South, South, South, South-
After a fast and sustained growth after the “opportunity, attack, space expansion, and operation” strategy, we expect that the pace of engineering growth will remain at over 60%. The field is expected to continue to double, with significant profit losses and 22 years of profit.
20 years of breakthrough in the use of vehicles, continued to be used by mainstream customers in the country, 21 years of upscaling, with new clients contributing more; in commercial vehicles, logistics cars are growing and client structures are further optimized. Overall, the revenue from new energy automobile operations in Sinkuan grew rapidly in 20 years, with large q1 orders in 21 years.
Over-expected, income is expected to double and profits are substantially reduced throughout the year. In 20 years, the new energy motors industry generated $1,102 million, compared to +69 per cent, while the Māori rate has improved significantly; in 21 years, the existing client ideals, pelicans, etc. are expected to increase more than doubled, while the new customers are increasing their contribution.
Report: Fast report meets expectations, o1 increase, expected revenue to double to more than 2 billion, loss is expected to decrease significantly, close to loss, elevator operations are being slowed by the impact of the epidemic, but q2-q4 has gradually recovered.
Review: Annual report ' s performance is in line with expectations, with $4,344 million in revenue (one machine +bst product), +54 per cent year-on-year, about 4.5 per cent calibre increase, q1 light seasons, faster growth)
The Ministry of Elevators will continue to raise the share of multinational enterprises, small and medium-sized enterprises, overseas enterprises, Europe, 3 and the third edition of Hitchon Technologies (300124), Russian market input, etc., and will further increase the market share. We expect elevator operations to continue in 21 years.
The Department's strong handling of alpha in the industrial-controlled sector and its leading position in electrical and electrical power control have been established and targeted.
This compares with 120.62 per cent and meets market expectations (performance report). Of this figure, 2020q4, $3.413 billion was collected, and a three-year successive incentive plan was launched year after year, with a net profit target of $2.8 billion for 2021, a 30 per cent incentive fund for the excess net profit, and a higher growth target for 21 years than had previously been expected, exceeding market expectations.
q1 +121%, profit +275%, q1 +1 149%, supermarket +274.6%, ring +7.38%. In addition, company o1 orders amounted to $5.39 billion, compared to +149%, with medium control & elevator & robot order of $3.7 billion, compared to 87%, new energy vehicle order of 1.47 billion, compared to +719%,
This is more than what was expected from last year’s full year’s revenues and large supermarkets. Given the high demand for swath orders, the high q2 temperature, the tight supply of upstream components, the better price of swath products and the high strategic inventory of components, industry demand continues to be strong, and capital spending on advanced manufacturing industries such as electronics, lithium power, photovoltaics, logistics, etc.
Recovering the traditional advantage of downstream textile, plasticization, eu, etc., with a low season of 21q1 and a further increase in demand, as well as a further acceleration in import substitution; the 20-year swath industry has increased by +63%, 21q1 + 146% and the industry has increased by more than 40%. After 20 years of epidemic, the industrial control sector has returned to recovery, with 20q1 ~q4 increasing at a similar rate.
The oem-type market grew by 53.4 per cent, the project-based market grew by +34.0 per cent; by industry, the advanced manufacturing of 21q1 remained the main driving force of high growth, with electronic semiconductors (+62 per cent), lithium (+83 per cent), industrial robots, and some advanced manufacturing capital expenditures remaining high; by product, 21q1 and advanced systems.
The demand for related servers, low-pressure transformer frequencies, small-scale plc increases by 58.3 per cent, 42.9 per cent, 45.4 per cent, the demand of the industry increases by a combination of marketing strategies such as “ups and downs”, “industry + regional synergies”, and opportunities for synergizing the escalator over 20 years, with more than 63 per cent of the industry's control operations, with a doubling of the number of serviles and plcs.
On the one hand, the Department of General Services, using the “spring delivery advantage” and the “summer offensive”, has been active in marketing, import substitution and bastion clients, raising the number of large customers with sales of more than 5 million annually to over 60 per cent, the top 20 customer threshold from 18 million to 33 million, and the company's 3c, lithium, etc.
(b) At the same time, new products, such as cnc controllers, wind-to-storm oars, have been introduced and the development of a new generation of transformer md800, server sv680, engineering transmissions and fa platforms, drive power platforms, etc. have been promoted;
Corporate management changes, collating internal processes, improving the efficiency of decision-making, etc. 20 years. General Automated Industries of the Corporation earned $5.32 billion, i.e. +63 per cent of the year, with 2.12 billion (+37 per cent) in frequency, 1.84 billion (+112 per cent) in service, accelerated company import substitution in 2020, rapidly increasing the share of industrially controlled products, low-pressure transformer frequencies, servers, etc.
China's first three, first four. According to mir, the size of the low-pressure transformer market in China in 20 years was 25.5 billion (+7.8%), with a share of 12.1% (excluding elevators), after abb, 14.3%, Siemens, 13.0%, including elevator transformers, which are now the country's number one; the universal server market space was 19.9 billion (+17.2%), of which 19.9 billion (+17.2%)
10 per cent in the city, after 11 per cent in Ancheon, 11 per cent in Mitsubishi, 10 per cent in Matsuwa, frequency change, servile market access, through capture of opportunities (energy change, import substitution, restructuring of the industrial chain), strong attacks (project-type markets, regional markets, fort customers, large terminal customers and cnc, visual, ddl power generators, etc.)
Large inputs, spatial expansion (market space management, overseas priority industries, industry blind customers, and operational excellence, among others) are four strategies to achieve rapid growth. We expect a growth rate of about 50% in the work-management business of the Hong Kong River over the 21st year, in which servers, plcs and other new products such as cnc controllers continue to grow. We expect a rise in remittances.
The 21-year growth in industrial and regulatory operations in Kawakami is expected to be more than 60 per cent, with servers continuing to double almost, with 20 years of car breakthroughs, market penetration in the domestic Top2, 21q1 purchase orders of $1.470 billion, and large supermarket expectations, with prospects for more than a doubling of growth, a substantial reduction in profit and a 22-year profit.
In 20 years, the country's top2 major customers have continued to do so, and the new customers have increased their contribution.
Top client orders, such as Swe, a cable company overseas, are expected to continue to break through a point in the country and an offshore car company; product-side products such as a new generation of triad products, obc, electric machines, etc., with a total power-driven power-driven system product capacity of 240kw in 21 years at the Shanghai Car Fair, and will continue to develop a fourth generation of power-driven complexes for 21 years.
The new forces have continued to spread over the past 21 years, with pap7 and idealone q1 selling 0.8 million and 12,600 vehicles each this year, while the company will continue to invest its resources this year in the pursuit of international top-notch customer project orders and in the pursuit of domestic market-mixed top client opportunities.
With respect to commercial cars, logistics cars are growing, passenger cars are currently under some pressure, and major customers such as the specialized cars Mitsubishi, Jiang bell, Chang River continue to move past toe-points for 20 years, targeting new products such as heavy cards and sanitation.
The annual pressure is relatively high, with large clients selling 14.6 million vehicles over 20 years, or -29.5% of the year, but in 20 years the cost of existing platform products has been optimized and the Māori rate has increased. The new energy automobile business has facilitated internal restructuring, integrated into independent subsidiaries, expanding production speeds.
In addition, the joint power program competes for about 100 acres of land in the Wujin district of Changzhou for the construction of new plants and ancillary facilities. The project is currently estimated at 1 billion US dollars.
Construction costs of $145 million and equipment investment of $584 million; new energy automobile products of companies after construction of new plants; 20 years of rapid growth in revenue from new energy automobile operations in Hong Kong, 21 years of q1 orders, billions, compared to 69 per cent, with a marked improvement in the Māori ratio; 21 years of ideal, small peng, etc.
Figure 13: Monthly installation of SWIFT technology by vehicle, 20 years of steady annual increase in elevators and accelerated integration of SWIFT+bst, with a 21-year increase in share. 20q1 elevator operations slowed down due to the epidemic, but q2-q4 gradually resumed. 20 years of revenue from SWIEL operations (one machine+bst products)
434 million, +54 per cent, about 4.5 per cent of the same calibre; 21q1 business has resumed its rapid growth, selling 921 million, +53 per cent of the year. At the same time, the integration of the Hong Kong River+bst has accelerated and, in the case of multinational enterprises, the sales of elevator interfaces, integrated controllers and transformers, cable cables and door engines have increased over 20 years.
Increased shares of multinational enterprises, small and medium-sized enterprises, overseas enterprises, increased European and Russian market inputs, and further promotion of the city's disclosure of long-acting incentive schemes and activation of the core team. Companies disclosed the Long-End Incentive Holdings Scheme, which was launched in three consecutive periods in 2021-23, with a 21-year performance target of $2.8 billion net profit return.
30% of the excess realized net profit component will be used as an incentive for the core workforce. This long-term incentive is intended to enable corporate management and owners to share their interests, to activate managerial motivation, and is expected to further enhance management change in depth, and to achieve Quick-win in a phased manner.
Change projects such as governance, strategic management, ltc, ird, ihr, isc, have resulted in full cognitive change and harmonization, and have also been effective in re-engineering process systems, rules and baselines. Some sub-flows, rules, baselines have been put on the ground and “quick-win” has been achieved. Twenty-one years have been a year of change, and companies will continue to drive the ltc, ipd, ihr,isc processes.
Changes, while exporting phased results, continue to achieve “quick-win”; and start new transformations like the Financial System, Quality System, and Mtl (Market to Thread). With the gradual implementation of the changes, the competitiveness and organization of the company is expected to increase further, raising its per capita output to about 890,000 yuan over 20 years, and the target will rise to about 890,000 yuan in the future.
The cost rate has declined significantly, and the profitability of the company has increased rapidly over the past 20 years. The company’s cost in 2020 increased by $21.02 to $2.42 billion on a year-on-year basis, with a reduction in the cost rate of 5.5 pct to 21.0% over the period. Of this, sales, management (including R & D), R & D costs are robust in cash flow, advance receipts + contractual liabilities, inventory, receivables. Cash flows from operating activities increased significantly in 2020.
Net cash flows from operating activities of 1,467 million yuan net and 21q1 million yuan net remained largely sound. At the end of 21q1, the amount received in advance was $373 million, an increase of 8.43 per cent compared to the beginning of the year. At the end of the period, receivables amounted to $3241 million, representing an increase of $241 million over the beginning of the period, reflecting an overall conservative recognition of q1 income; and at the end of the 20th year, the balance of raw materials on the books was $970 million, which was larger than at the beginning of the period.
A 59 per cent increase reflects the company’s current abundance of strategic stocks.