The prices of products from satellite chemistry increased their performance significantly, and the prices of products increased their performance substantially. In the first three quarters of 2021, companies achieved operating income.
The increase in corporate performance in the third quarter is due mainly to a significant increase in product prices, which, based on the best available data, has increased by more than 60% over the last three quarters, and also to a similar increase in the price of acrylic esters over the last three quarters.
The production capacity of c2 c3 products continues to increase, and the layout of new materials is accelerating. Project c2 phase II is expected to be completed by mid-2022. The company ' s c3 industrial chain also continues to build capacity, with 350,000 tons of polypropene and 250,000 tons of hydrooxygen (electronic grade) per year.
The project is expected to start in November 2021. The company is accelerating the production of new materials and is moving forward with projects such as ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylamine and eaa new material in 2022.
Devices such as dimethyl (dmc), diethyl carbonate (dec), methylacet carbonate (emc), including product planning for vc, fec, etc. The company's market share in the photovoltage industry in the river area using dioxy water exceeds 50% and will further expand the effects of dioxyhydrazine in the semiconductor, photovoltaic, etc.
Lei. Worked with production research platforms such as Zhejiang University and Huadong Polytechnic University to speed up the ethylene ethylene polymeric convergence (Ethylene) development of the growth chain α-vinyl hydrocarbons and poe technology development projects. The company has been able to combine the c2 and c3 industrial chains, with a rich stock of future new production and new material production.
Satellite petrochemicals: two seasons of record-high, difficult seasons.
Large fluctuations in exchange rates affect corporate exchange gains and losses; abnormal fluctuations in oil prices and raw materials prices affect companies ' performance of quality bottom colour 20200730 Prices of products and Māori; project construction progress is lower than expected; and safety and environmental risks.
"Satellite petrochemicals: volume, efficiency increases, c3 industry leaders continue to stomp, Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
CHEMICALS: CHEMICAL MATERIALS Figure 1. Prices and differentials of apropylene Figure 2. Prices and differentials of polypropylene
Figure 3. Prices and differentials of acrylic acid 4. Prices of acrylic acids and esters