q3 High performance, multi-project construction to ensure future growth Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) • Increase in the volume of major products and significant increase in corporate performance
Interest rate is 33%, an increase of 5 percentage points in the same year. The main reasons are: the supply and demand side of the company’s main product continues to improve, and the company’s c2 project went into production on May 20. Cost is the largest increase in the company’s R & D costs, with a cumulative investment of 774 million by the end of q3.
The 400 million yuan invested in the third quarter of the bill, an increase of 288.35 per cent over the previous year, indicates that companies are actively preparing for downstream changes in a clear-name development strategy, that employee holdings are motivated, that high-cost buybacks highlight confidence, and that the future growth is still within reach.
On 29 September 2021, the company announced that the name of the company had been changed from “Zejiang satellite petrochemicals,” to “Satellite chemistry,” and that the short title of the securities had been changed from “Satellite petrochemicals” to “Satellite, 2. Performance forecast, carbon neutralization and downward route advantage
Chemical.” The company has been developing the integrated c2 and c3 light hydrocarbons industry chain for ethane and propane, and is accelerating the deployment of new downstream chemical materials such as polyether monomer, ethanolamine, ethyleneamine, 3.q1 with expected performance, with project c2 in progress.
eaa, battery-grade ethylene carbonate (ec), carbonate dimethylate (dmc), carbonate diethylene (dec), carbonate methylacetate (emc), vc, fec, etc. We believe that in carbon neutrals and times the chemical industry has set a trend towards downstream high-value-added products, and this time the name has been changed to identify new low-carbon chemical materials for companies.
On the same day, the company launched the Shareholding Scheme of the Zhejiang Satellite Pulsification Co. Ltd. and the Circular on the Company’s Repurchase of Parts of its Equity Programme.
Shares are awarded, for example, to dry employees. The company will apply the performance appraisal system and performance during the holder's belonger's period. The result of the appraisal is that the stock is assigned to the holder in three attribution periods, with a corresponding equity interest ratio of 40/30/30 per cent for each belonger.
Millions of dollars, not more than 200 million dollars. The implementation of the Stakeholder Scheme and the Repurchase Scheme will, on the one hand, fully motivate the company's core, cadres and promote a sense of “ownership”, and, on the other hand, the Repurchase Program, which is higher than the current stock price, will demonstrate the firm's goal of rapid growth, highlighting the company's leadership.
• The ongoing construction project, which continues to guarantee the future growth of the company.
At the same time, in order to take full advantage of the large quantities of high-purity hydrogen produced by propane dehydration and ethane fission, the company actively collaborates in the development and deployment of hydrogen energy. The department currently produces 142,000 tons of hydrogen annually, which is expected to increase to 300,000 tons by 2023.
In a two-carbon context, the company’s low carbon emissions along light hydrocarbon routes and the production of low-cost hydrogen are clear advantages; it actively promotes the construction of new chemical materials to sustain future growth.
Risks of falling product prices: risk of raw materials supply: less than anticipated risk of construction projects; international paper, more than 600 citations and applications for five national inventions; B.A. Chemicals, University of Tianjin; 2 years of strategic planning experience, 5 years of chemical sellers Contact: Wang Peng, M.A., University of Tianjin, 4 years of work with Energy Chemical Industries, many times as project investment evaluation and market research
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.