Satellite petrochemicals (002648), tri-quarterly review in 2021 q3 net return q3 net return nearly fourfold higher than the year, and project c2 further contribution performance by 165.09 per cent compared to the year; net return by $4.256 billion, or 371.78 per cent compared to the year;
q3 performance continued to increase and profitability increased significantly. 2021q3 companies achieved a revenue of $9,249 million, an increase of 232.76 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother of $2,130 million, an increase of 398.05 per cent in the same year; and, in real terms, the profit end of the year increased at a significantly faster rate of q2, mainly as a result of a further reduction in the output of project c2
On the other hand, at present, the company has built up two projects, c2 tons of polypropene and 250,000 tons of aerobic water (in electronic grade); and new materials.
The energy integration project is being actively implemented and construction is scheduled to begin in November this year. At the same time, the company will accelerate the roll-out of roe (ttm) ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene
Construction of December maximum price ($) eaa new materials, etc.; company collating of new chemical materials around new energy requirements Dec lowest price ($)
Products, with installations such as ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene carbonate (ec), dimethyl ester carbonate (dmc), diethyl ester carbonate (dec) and methyl ethyl ester carbonate (emc) planned for 2022, including product planning for vc, fec, etc.
On September 30, 2021, the company announced that all the shares to be purchased would be used for the implementation of the business partnership holding scheme or other company equity incentives.
By 2029, during the year in which the board draws the original fund from the special fund, the special fund will be charged to the management costs of the year. The company intends to buy back its shares, which demonstrates the firm’s confidence in future development, the introduction of a business partnership system in the interest of the public.
Investment proposals: The company has developed an industrial chain advantage and size advantage in c3 operations, c2 operations with a depth of 300 indexes for the “market index” of this rating system. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been able to do so independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.