Investment and agency operations, big job offers - in-depth report on offer securities (600999.sh) Investments and corporate business, big job offers.
Since the introduction of the two-hundredth initiative in 2018, companies have been actively engaged in further implementation.
In 2018, the company released a new five-year strategy with the strategic objective of “achieving integrated competitiveness into the top five of the industry,” which will continue to build competitive advantages in integrated services and niches. In line with industry trends, combined strength will be one of the primary beneficiaries of the policy dividend.
Cost-enhancing leverage, high-capital competitiveness, and corporate profitability are much higher than that of their counterparts. As a large-scale, comprehensive bond-marketer, the offer of securities is relatively deep at 300, and the offer of securities has clear advantages in terms of capital strength, wind control, business strength, and innovation.
In recent years, there has been a significant increase in the strength of equity underwriting, wealth management and institutional operations, and self-investment operations, consistent with industry trends, which will be one of the primary beneficiaries of the policy dividend. The advantages of investing in investment + equity under investment have been evident, with the bond underwriting industry leading.
The company seizes the opportunity to reform the registration system, offers insurance premiums on the board and co-opts them, has a strong operational advantage, and has a high project reserve. As far as bond underwriting is concerned, the company has a strong capacity to create solid products, abs is a leader in the industry and has maintained a market share of 10% since 2015 in order to maintain the strength of traditional bond underwriting.
In the case of wealth management, the company optimizes the efficiency of the introduction and customization of its products and improves its product system: it constantly upgrades the company.
Quantity and quality of clients; adoption of a combination of marketing models that focus on the application of financial science and technology in business, continuous optimization of platforms for wealth management services, and differentiated models for wealth management. Corporate service capabilities are prominent, as one of the first proponents of the pb business concept, with the advantage of pre-emptively building one-stop financial services for private fund-raising, pb trading system
The infrastructure is in the vanguard of the industry, and it is hoped that the advantages of business development will be further strengthened. The pb business development promotes the same kind of institutionalized transformation as the two-fold business gains significant income.
Taking into account the strong advantages of the company ' s investment, we gave the company 2.0xp/b in 2020, and based on the assumptions in this paper, we expect the Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. cindaseturitiesco.ltd
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of Crest Street in Beijing, Beijing: Increased volatility of the securities market, higher direct financing and steady progress in the reform of the entrepreneurship register. Risk factors: significant volatility in capital markets, resulting in disruptions and shocks to corporate brokerage, self-investment, etc.; Science and Technology
Domestic and international integrated securities service platforms. Founded in 1991 and headquartered in Shenzhen, the largest securities firm in the State Council's State Treasury System,
There are 12 branches, 258 branches and subsidiaries in Hong Kong, Singapore, the United Kingdom, and the Republic of Korea.
The company is part of a group of bureaux of firms that hold 43.07% of the company’s shareholdings. The group of bureaux of firms is a large, integrated company with a rich industry, with three core industries: business, financial services, investment, and capital, with more than 30 owned and listed subsidiaries within and outside the country. The group’s financial operations are based on banks, securities, funds, insurance, and include multiple financial licences such as asset management, financial leasing, and bad asset management.
Since the company was incorporated by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council into the list of companies for the reform of state enterprises, the company has actively pursued market-based reforms. With regard to human resources institutional development, it has implemented reforms to market-based talent mechanisms for the global open recruitment of company executives and the competitive entry of senior executives to deputy positions;
The new strategy sets out the strategic objective of “achieving integrated competitiveness into the top five of the industry” and makes it clear that “the value of investing in business, the creation of institutional operations and wealth”
Five core strategies, such as management of business niches, expansion of multi-channel multi-product integrated business models, and enhanced integration of cross-border services, have led to the establishment of an Investment Banking Commission to promote the flow of investment capital to the investment panel and start building a “investment-plus” linkage model. The new strategy places greater emphasis on building the capacity of firms to deliver integrated services, making it clear that firms need to pool resources to create differentiated competitive advantages.
2.2019 Marketable securities completed the establishment of 20 financial science, technology and innovation projects and launched an investment trading platform, geeteek, to apply science and technology tools to wealth management, business management, investment transactions, risk management, etc.; and the same year, it facilitated the introduction of the first retail category of green abs in the country, the first single credit card full account asset abs and the first in the country.
1. In March 2019, the Board of Directors considered the adoption of a+h stock allocation programme, which was approved in May by the State Council ' s State Finance Committee and shareholders.
Approval by the General Assembly: h Unit was approved by the International Department of the CMS in October; pilot reforms focused on the reform of the mixed system, implementation of refinancing and recruitment securities, repurchase of a unit 40,020,780 shares from 8 November to 19 December 2019, share of total equity holdings, etc.
3. The Staff Holding Plan was adopted by a vote of the Board of Directors, Staff Councils in 2019, and the approval process for the completion of the Shareholder Conference was completed in the first quarter of 2020. On 3 March of this year, the stock transfer process for the Staff Holding Scheme was completed and the Company ' s Staff Holding Scheme was held
Capital strength + high leverage + low financing costs, profitability better than co-operator net assets of $85.1 billion, with industry ranking sixth. Firms have maintained a sound business philosophy with the highest rating “aa” rating of the CSRC classification for 12 years in a row.
In March 2020, companies were included in the first regulatory pilot and the risk-capital readiness factor was reduced from 0.7 to 0.5, further increasing the efficiency of their capital use.
At the same time, the size of equity-type securities and derivatives, the size of non-equity-based securities and derivatives, and the size of financing-type operations have increased significantly. At the same time, the cost of corporate capital is low, and among large bond dealers, interest-earning expenditure on interest-bearing liabilities is second only to the interest-bearing liability, with a third rating of 3.39%. In addition, in 2019, companies participated for the first time in an international credit rating, receiving a Mudibaa1 rating, which is expected to be stable, contributing to further savings in offshore financing costs for companies.
The company ' s net profit rate was 9.5% higher than the industry ' s compound profit rate of 5.27%. At the same time, the company ' s profits have been higher than the industry ' s average since 2010, and the company ' s profitability has been significantly better than that of the industry.
Capital-market reform system dividends, traditional business & new business space, capital-market reforms have intensified into the era of direct financing. As our economy moves from high-speed to high-quality development, economic growth is driven from traditional manufacturing,
In order to support the country’s structural transformation, capital market reform policies have intensified since 2019, the CSRC has proposed “12 comprehensive deepening of capital market reforms”, amendments to the New Securities Act, promotion of registration, promotion of medium- and long-term capital entry, construction of high-quality investments, and enhancement of investor protection, among other policies that are rapidly emerging in the country.
As capital market reforms advanced, the trend towards head-to-head concentration became more apparent, rising from 57 per cent of the competition year in recent years to 75 per cent in 2019 and bond cover concentration from 49 per cent in 2016 to 62 per cent in 2019.
For a long time, in the context of an indirect financing-based financing system, our residents’ assets have been dominated by bank savings and real estate, with equity-related assets accounting for about 10% of total assets, about 20% of financial assets, and well below the United States-based equity-based assets accounting for 30% of total assets and 45% of financial assets. As the demographic dividend has peaked, housing has fallen, the economy is no longer overly dependent on real estate stimulus, and rising housing prices have returned to reasonable areas, and the population’s allocation of financial assets deserves improvement.
In the broader context of the restructuring of the asset allocation of the population, wealth management and institutionalization are promising. Merchant securities, by virtue of their combined strength, will be one of the primary beneficiaries of the system’s dividends.
There are clear advantages in wind control, business strength and innovation. Capital is strong, with a net assets size of 85.1 billion yuan in 2019, and industry ranks sixth; public control is well developed, with CVM aa rating for 12 years in a row; the ability to innovate is prominent, the company is an innovative pilot in classification regulation, and in recent years has acquired a number of pilot qualifications for innovative business, and has achieved outstanding results. In 2019, in the Fund ' s comprehensive market examination, securities were awarded the highest rating of aaa, leading.
The company’s business structure was balanced, with a ratio of revenues of 41 per cent for wealth management and institutions in 2019, 10 per cent for investment, 69 per cent for vehicles, 41 per cent for investment and financial management in 2019, a steady increase in investment and trade ratios, and a shift from brokering to diversification of business structures, which has played a positive role in enhancing corporate performance stability and reducing the impact of market volatility.
A significant increase in the strength of self-investment operations, consistent with industry trends, will be one of the top beneficiaries of the policy dividend.
Since 2015, companies have multiplied their capacity to invest. Corporate equity underwriters have been growing rapidly, and since 2015, they have made a major effort to develop equity under the umbrella of ipo operations, mainly in small and medium-sized projects, with premium rates higher than industry averages. On average, the average stock underwriters since 2015 has been lower than the top10, indicating that corporate equity underwriters are dominated by small and medium-sized projects.
We find that the larger the project, the lower the premium rate, the higher it is, the higher it is issued at an average rate of about 4.5% for ipo projects of more than $1 billion, and the smaller it is raised at a rate of more than 8%. Given the small size of the company’s average premium, there has been a downward trend in the industry’s premium rate in recent years, but the company’s premium rate has always been higher than the top10 average.
In accordance with the guidelines issued by the Board for the issuance of stock offers, the Corporation should sign a distribution agreement with the issuer, committing itself to the first public offer of 2 to 5 per cent of the issuer ' s stock, and to a 24-month period. As of 3 August 2020, 17 companies, including 6 of them, had raised $7,181 million in funds, contributed $493 million in insurance proceeds for the project.
Taking advantage of the opportunities for reform of the registration system, building on the advantages of the ipo business, and having adequate project reserves. Taking advantage of the opportunities of the science and innovation boards, companies are positioning themselves around the science and innovation boards, focusing on start-ups in high-end industries such as equipment, new materials, innovative businesses, precision marketing, accelerating the progress of the innovation boards and the declaration of the start-up panels, and actively storing the ipo projects.
On 4 August of that year, the company was ranked fourth in 163 projects, including 35 start-up boards, 18 start-up boards, 10 master boards, 26 middle- and middle-sized boards, and companies were competitive in their shareholdings, and the company was expected to benefit from the full roll-out of the registration system. Promotion of the antelope scheme, the Illa+investment service to small and medium-sized enterprises. In the second half of 2019, the company set up the Investment Bank's Inclusive Finance Department, and implemented the promotion of the antelope programme.
Investment + investment + investment , which helps small and medium-sized micro-enterprises to make a critical leap like antelopes. Early years, small and medium-sized enterprises grew steadily through equity investment, mentoring and services, follow-up services, customizing individualized capital operations programmes for SMEs, enabling firms to build up with multi-level capital markets, such as venture boards, start-up panels, new three panels, and master boards, to tap into high-quality customers for companies' “investment + investment” operations.
Other types of investment and private equity companies are mature and exit channels open up development space. Extremist capital is a corporate private equity fund management business platform, with revenue of billions, 23 funds, the highest in the industry. The fund covers pre-ipo, industrial mergers, start-up funds, incubator parent funds, and so on, and is complete. The size of the project was $2 billion in 2019, with some projects yielding higher returns on investment.
Bond underwriting is growing rapidly, with the abs business leading by 32% of the year’s compound growth. Building on the advantages of traditional bond underwriting, companies have been able to create strong products, leading the abs industry, which has maintained a market share of more than 10% since 2015, maintaining the top two in the industry. In addition, companies have responded positively to the country’s “one-way” initiative to strengthen business innovation.
The bond market was open, and 2018-2019 was successful in issuing a number of innovative and solid products, including the first Panda debt, the first single-rent mortgage capital, securitized products, and the introduction of home mortgage assets to foreign investors to support securities. The wealth management transition has progressed steadily.
In recent years, as a result of the decline in market factors and overall commission rates in the industry, companies have been actively promoting the transformation of wealth management. To benefit from the higher share of individual clients in the brokering business, the company’s transformational wealth management is based on a customer base.
The Division is one of the early carriers of cross-border financial services, which has accumulated a certain amount of high-net clients. The transformation of wealth management has progressed steadily. (1) The product system is improving, with high-quality and risk-matching financial products for customers being key to wealth management. On the product side, companies optimize the efficiency of product introduction and customization, improve the product system, and the revenue from the sales of financial products has increased from less than 0.5 per cent to 1.76 per cent of brokerage income in 2014.
In view of the steady growth in quality and quality, the number of corporate wealth advisers has grown steadily, with 859 company wealth advisers as of 2019, while the professional competence of the firms is an important consideration for the company’s wealth management team. (3) Science and technology platforms continue to be optimized, with companies adopting a combination of online marketing models, focusing on the application of financial science and technology in their operations, and continuously optimizing the wealth management services platform.
Precision marketing model and fund evaluation system, online transaction pc version 2018, introduction of a range of smart tools, such as smart stock selection, smart stares, one step forward in 2019, enriched a number of app core service scenes and generated a monthly increase of 3,021,000 users, 27.8 per cent compared to the 27.8 per cent increase in the number of active users throughout the year.
The lead broker has a pre-emptive advantage, and institutional services are highlighted by the pb (primebrokerage) principal broker business, which is the trading, liquidation, hosting, leveraging, United States-based pb operations by securities companies for professional institutional investors and high-net individuals, which began in the 1970s, with the investment fund manager providing mid-stage services such as trading, liquidation, hosting, valuation accounting, etc.
Private fund development inspired pb operations. The country’s securities dealer pb, which started late, is now mainly a hosting clearing, intuitive, leveraged fund for private equity investment funds.
As of June 2020, 46 institutions, including 28 banks, 17 securities dealers, China clearing and Chinese finance, have been eligible as trustees of the Fund. Procurers have a clear advantage in research services, trade strategies, product innovation support, and speed of business transaction response.
Merchant securities are one of the first proponents of the pb business concept, with a pre-emptive advantage, starting with a combination of services such as the provision of bond dealers, fund hosting and outsourcing, finance coupons, fund sales and marketing, investment research services, seed funds, and the creation of one-stop financial services for private fund-raising, with the pb trading system based in a leading position in the industry, which is expected to further strengthen business development by the end of 2019.
It is particularly important to support service capabilities for the service quality of voucher vendor pb operations, including familiarity with details such as transactions, transactions, offers, etc., and pb operations have a high response rate and response time to the voucher system. Companies are introducing the three main capital pb investment transactions in the country.
In addition to the system (Golden Evidence, Helium, Rapid Investment), it has developed a platform for fast-track professional investment transactions and introduced a personalized investment trading system for service core households represented by the Connected Data Investment Trading System, completing the development of the pb Investment Transactionit system ecosphere. Pb Business Development promotes institutional transformation, with significant income from two-fold operations. Based on overseas experience, the main clients of the pb operation are institutional investors and high-net individuals, developing the pb
From an income point of view, while separate liquidation operations contribute little to the income of the voucherer, they generate, on the basis of liquidation operations, intermediaries such as corporate finance coupons that generate significant revenue for the main broker. The Fund leads the market business sector.
Capital market reforms have contributed to the improvement of market effectiveness and high growth rates. As our registration reforms move forward, new stock issuances have become more regular, foreign investors have become more efficient, a share has become more effective and stock selection has become more difficult. The advantages of better risk fragmentation, low rates, style determination, etc., have made it increasingly institutional investors, with a combined growth rate of 13.32% over five years. In the long run, banking, insurance, foreign investment, etc., will be increasingly well-positioned, and the Fund will also be invested in the etc market.
Corporate funds are leading the market, and there is a strong competitive advantage. With the significant expansion of the market, the market’s liquidity needs to be enhanced, introduced as a marketer and further developed.
In November and December 2018, the firm issued instructions on the system of liquidity services for listed funds, under which securities companies can apply for market qualifications. To date, 12 securities have been marketed.
As a result, the offer of securities is the only one receiving aa rating, and the level of trading in the Fund’s market sector is in the vanguard of the industry. By virtue of this remarkable advantage, the offer of securities has been granted the liquidity service qualification for high-profile products, such as the Bogemian structural adjustment (ESA) etf, the Silver China Sino-China structural adjustment (SAC) and 300 etf. In 2019, the sum of the transaction amounts to approximately 71.2 billion yuan, all of which amounts to 300 million yuan.
According to the monthly reports published on the securities of vendors, the company achieved operating income of $8,741 million in the first half of 2020, or +23 per cent, and net profits of $4,019 million, or +34 per cent.According to the income structure of the securities of the firms, we forecast the income and profits of the securities of the firms according to the revenue structure of the brokers, investment and investment fees, interest earnings, and the five operating blocks of investment returns.
The sum of $758.2 million per day for each of the two cities has been paid since July, and the sum of 100 billion per day for 22 transactions since July. Looking forward to 2020, with sufficient liquidity, it is expected that the sum of $850 billion per day will be paid for the whole of the year.
The firm is expected to maintain its equity undersurrender advantage, with a strong interest rate and a strong margin for corporate bond under which the bond is expected to increase steadily, and an expected investment income: under the new regulations, the size of the industry ' s management structure continues to adjust. As the pooled fund-raising moves forward, it is expected that the size of the fiduciary assets of the hiring manager will pick up slightly.
4. Capital intermediation: to benefit from increased market turnover, which has remained at more than 100 million dollars since December 2019, and self-investment operations as of July 2020: to benefit from active transfer and ease of liquidity, companies will maintain a risk-controllable equity exposure, while companies have a better capacity to sequester their investments, and large fluctuations in corporate capital markets are expected to result in disruptions and shocks to corporate brokerage, self-investment, etc.;
(c) The low-level intervention period for the company ' s market-based reforms: Wang Qing Dynasty, a master ' s degree graduated from the international finance profession at the University of Duren, United Kingdom. He has served as Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Department and General Manager of the Hong Kong Leasing Business Department, and was employed in China-Kinjia Portfolio, China-Change Securities.
Judining, a master’s degree in finance at the University of Glasgow in England, worked in Taiwan’s rich state securities and silver securities, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Wang Jing, a master’s degree in finance at Boston University in the United States, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019 for research in the non-banking financial sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.