Gore shares (002241) 2023: performance against expectations, integrated competitiveness laying the foundation for future growth
Keywords: #Performance meets #Current Reverse Event: The company released its mid-2023 report                                                                                               #  #       # #  #  #              # # #  #  #  #
The net profit to return to the mother is $320 million, with an increase of 188% in the ring. The main reason for the first half of the year’s performance period was the short-term performance of earnings and profits, influenced by macroeconomic and industrial factors, insufficient end-market demand, corporate intelligence and the sale of sound-cleaning and part of smart hardware.
The negative effects (of which the smart sound system collected 9.3 billion yuan, a 25 per cent drop in the same year, and the smart hardware business generated 29.3 billion yuan, an 18 per cent increase in the same year); while the 23q2 season has seen a significant improvement in profit ring ratios, while companies improve the quality of profitability through effective cost-control capabilities, safeguarding it.
The stability of operating the base plate and the competitiveness of the new products ' rapid climb (23q2 Mäori and net interest rates respectively tws headphones, wearables, games machines, etc., are all types of new smart hardware operations that are expected to re-emerge in the future industry. In addition, the company introduced Home in mid-year.
The campus 7 employee holding program and the 2023 stock options scheme highlight the confidence and motivation for long-term stability and healthy development. vr/ar business is still expected to return to high growth: the company leads deep layout vr/ar industry, which is already in place.
In the short and medium term, mainstream national and international brands continue to be heavily configured, with an absolute competitive advantage for global integrated programme leaders, whether optical components (vr), optical systems (ar), core algorithms or smart whole-body design manufacturing capabilities, working with global technology firms for long-term depths.
The Gore shares (002241: 2023 reported an iterative upgrade of new products, the establishment of core technology routes, the improvement of hardware and software ecology, among other things, hope to restore growth in output; 2) long-term dimensions, based on application landscape expansion and more
Performance forecast: A single-season change in profitability, multi-tech giants, and vr/ar hardware sales are expected to hit in the coming years, growing ceilings, and Gore is expected to continue to lead the industry by virtue of his position as a global core supplier.
"George Shares (002241); 2022
Building an industrial biosphere around a zero-sum strategy of "4+4+n" combined with a strong core competition is expected to move out of the valley, and the future will be ready. 1) tws headphone design and nuclear acoustic components are in the lead in the market, and orders and shares of major domestic and foreign customers are still expected to be stable.
Step up, followed by a steady rise in the succession of products; 2) significant domestic and international clients, such as gamers and wearables, maintain a leading share and are expected to move into more mainstream client replacement systems; 3) companies continue to enhance their layouts in microelectronics, with mems microphones leading globally and in mems
Increased investment in smart sensors, advanced sip wrapping processes, etc., is expected to bring new industry elasticity in the future, and to further increase the profitability of the whole business.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we adjust the surplus based on the company’s reported and current industry fundamentals
And based on the combination of the long-term trends we see in the vr/ar industry, the short-term decline in performance resulting from the phased effects of the external environment and the continued growth of the firm's core competitiveness, we continue to look at the future growth trends of the company and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Gore shares are based on three major financial forecasts. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is eligible for portfolio investment advisory services.