Queen, 3x1 Worker (600031), depth report 3x1 Worker: The weight of the nation, a new starting point along the way.
The performance of Trio workers in 2016 began to rebound as a result of the revival of the real estate sector and the acceleration of capital investment, and the domestic engineering and machinery industry has been operating since 2016q3
In 2016, the company realized a net profit of $203 million for shareholders belonging to its parent company, an increase of 46%. In addition, the company’s roe, roa, profit margins, receivables turnover, operating cash flows.
There are improvements in indicators such as Zhou's net. (1) Digger business becomes a new profit center. Triple jobs are not enough to be the largest in the world.
The manufacturer of concrete machinery, which has increased its investment in excavators since 2010, now accounts for 32% of the total revenue. When the traditional master concrete machinery rate fell from 42% to 21%, the excavator rate fell from 42% to 21%.
The rate has been around 30%, becoming a new profit centre for the company. The boom in the dredging wheel is expected to be sustained mainly by renewed demand, capital investment, and three co-contributions of overseas exports.
The annual overseas market accounts for $9.3 billion, 40 per cent of total income, well above performance, and the rate of volatility in the rate of revenue growth suggests that Trinity is more resilient than competitors.
The One Way strategy brings a new starting point for Three Ones: (1) 65 countries along the way have a large population base, low capital levels, high-speed, long-term and high development potential.
Three hundred and seventy-one new contracts were signed, representing 46% of the total number of overseas contracts, and (2) Trinity was arranged along the "one-way" and "one-way" lines, with 80% overlap between overseas operations and one-way, fully benefiting from one-way travel.
Roads contributed about $7 billion to the 31st century, with Russia, Central Asia, and India, along the way, showing growth of 115%, 50%, and 42%, respectively. With the convening of the “One Way” summit on international cooperation, Trinity will have greater development opportunities.
The Marshall Plan helped Carter-Pyller move to the world and eventually to become the world's leading industry.
Corporate review: The annual report meets expectations, the quarterly performance, and the internationalization of the three tracks with similar features has brought internationalization opportunities. Caterpillar's first loss in 2016, but stock prices are high; the triple job is a national leader, too.
Companies comment: The accelerated disposal of assets should enjoy a similar valuation premium. In Japan, Matsumoto followed the course of history, attacked overseas markets, and became the leader of another world, with only 19.4 per cent of local revenues in 2016.
Industry point assessment: The excavator continues to grow at a high rate and continues to look good, and based on the company’s future growth and flagship effects, there is still much room for a rise in the company’s valuation.
Industry Review: Detailed data on the growth of the excavator sales in February, especially the benefits of a one-way strategy, which will be growing faster in overseas markets, and which, as industry leader, will have a valuation premium, thus maintaining an “uptake”
Industry depth: how “a part-by-part” benefits China 1, key assumptions, drivers and major projections 1) characteristics of the engineering machinery industry development cycle: pro-economy cycle; 2) upgrading of engineering machinery, infrastructure and export demand
The average demand for engineering machinery is likely to reach more than 150 billion, accounting for about 15 per cent of the country's total sales of engineering machinery. (5) The country's economic growth along the “one-way” route is high, and a “one-way” policy is in place; 1) real estate, infrastructure recovery, investment and consumption drive, and structural reforms on the supply side are advanced.
This is higher than the contribution of the infrastructure under the Four Billion Stimulus Initiative in 2008 (40 per cent). 3) The excavator became a new profit centre for three or more workers. (4) The strategic drive has stimulated demand for overseas exports of engineering machinery.
2. The average annual demand for engineering and machinery abroad over the next three to five years is likely to be more than 150 billion, the ratio of overseas operations of three heavy workers is similar to the development path of Matsu and Caterpillar, and the export ratio is rising steadily and is expected to reach more than 50 per cent.) We expect three heavy workers to earn an operating income of 44.2 billion yuan, 51.3 billion yuan and 56.4 billion yuan in 2017-2019, respectively.
Markets tend to focus only on the latter and ignore the former. For engineering and machinery, which are clearly pro-cyclical, the resilience to the industry’s depression is very strong.
It's important. By opening up new businesses, such as excavators, and expanding overseas markets, the three-carrying industry has become more volatile and the company's performance has been more stable. 2) The value of the three-carrying workers still has considerable scope for upswing.
Together, in 2016, around $7 billion was collected by countries along the way, so the company’s share price was highly correlated with the one-way index. Yet the market overestimated the three-way ratio due to the depression in the engineering and machinery industry in previous years, and the one-way index has increased cumulatively by 73.18 per cent since its conception, while the three-way share price fell by 7.12 per cent over the same period.
Since the second half of 2016, having benefited from the warming of the engineering and machinery industry, the stock price of Trinity has increased by 18 percentage points relative to the one-way index. We believe that there is still much room for a rise in corporate valuation based on the company’s future growth. 3) The recovery of engineering machinery in this round is determined by the need for renewal, the co-pulsion of capital and exports.
This round of recovery in the engineering and machinery industry is driven by renewed demand, with relatively short continuity after stock upgrading. We believe that this round of excavator sales is driven mainly by a combination of renewed demand, capital investment and overseas exports, and that sales data will continue to grow at a high rate and will lead to more and more long-term profits for listed companies.
4. The role of the “one-way” strategy will go beyond market expectations, driving demand for engineering and machinery. The one-way approach will help China consume excess capacity, transform its economy, and even have a profound impact on the global landscape.
Catalysts for share prices: a “one-way” international cooperation peak forum; one-way orders landed; monthly sales of the main types of aircraft (diggers, cranes, bulldozers, rollers, etc.) were good; key risk factors: new military-industrial operations developed less than expected: one-way development was less than expected; capital investments slowed down
After a complete cycle of engineering and machinery, the year 2016 was not the best year for recovery from the peaks to the valleys. Three heavy jobs (600031.sh), hereinafter referred to as “the Trinity I”) were the largest in China and the first in the world.
Five manufacturers of engineering machinery. As the engineering and machinery industry services dry real estate and infrastructure construction, both upstream and downstream industries are highly correlated with the macroeconomic situation, they are clearly characterized by a “seasonal period.” Over the past decade, the performance of the triple workforce has also been accompanied by the macroeconomic environment.
At the peak of $50.776 billion a year. However, after 2011, the “4 trillion” was phased out, investment in premises contracted, and a new round of macro-policies tightened. In addition, the Wenzhou high iron accident led to a massive halt in capital construction, and, as a result of these events, the engineering and machinery industry quickly moved from boom to recession.
The same-year rise in corporate revenue also dropped sharply from a high of 106% in 2010 to -20% in 2013. This is a right-wing bottom shock. Since 2016, the industry has returned to recovery, benefiting from renewed demand and capital warming. In 2016, the company achieved $203 million in net profits on shareholders belonging to its parent company, growing from the previous year.
For the first time since 2012, it has been positive, reaching 46 per cent. This suggests that downstream investment demand is recovering, and that indirect benefits from supply-side reforms and the rest of the way are also driving the engineering and machinery industry out of the downturn, with Trinity as the industry’s leader, growing faster than the industry as a whole.
Profitability analysis: During the post-2011 recession in the industry, profitability declined rapidly, but good indications are that during the recession-depressive period 2012-2015, the Māori ratio of triple-time workers also fell from 37 per cent to 25 per cent in 2015 during the boom period, while net interest rates fell from 18 per cent to zero.
Right, see how powerful this recession is. In 2016, the company ' s Māori and net profit curves finally rose, and there was a dawn of industry improvement. But compared to another industry company, the ability of the trio to cope with the risks of the economic cycle was satisfactory, because the mountain was moving.
There was even a significant loss in the industry when net interest rates fell to liquidity in 2015, with the Trinity Receivable liquidity rate declining from 7.1 in 2010 to 1.1 in 2015, and the corresponding increase in the number of accounts receivable swing days from 50.8 to 314.4 in 2015.
Fortunately, in 2016, due to warmer conditions, the above indicators improved, with receivables falling to $18.1 billion, or 77.7 per cent of total receipts, equivalent to the end of 2016. In 2017, there was a steady improvement, with receivables increasing by only $300 million in the first quarter of the year, indicating good control over sales returns.
Net operating cash flows improved significantly in 2016. ... a positive 3.25 billion yuan.... The increase in the same percentage of growth is also an acceleration of the liquidation of bad assets so that they can be loaded to the enterprise at 2017, where the cost of sales has remained flat over the course of this round of the economy.
Steady, maintained at around 9% during the recession. In 2016, sales wages and benefits increased more and sales costs rose to 10.36% due to the warmth of the market, but were still lower than the base used for calculating this figure, owing to the decline in demand in the industry during the recession.
– Main business income has been declining since the boom, leading to a decrease in the overall volume of management costs, but the ratio is rising. On the other hand, the breakdown of management costs shows that the depreciation and amortization expenses of Trinity have been rising, from $228 million in 2011 to year.
613 million yuan in 2016, with an annual compound growth rate of 21.9 per cent, was due mainly to the substantial investment of fixed assets by Trinity in the boom period, which was subsequently affected by the recession in the industry, causing the company to sink, the exchange rate fluctuations of the renminbi since 2014 and the Trinity War in response to the 2013 initiative.
In 2016, exchange gains and losses were controlled at -87 million yuan, reducing the financial cost rate from 5.83% in 2015 to 3.84%. This was due to last year’s low value of the renminbi to export-oriented enterprises, and also to increased foreign-exchange risk management.
After a sudden fall, by 2016 the number of people had fallen to 13,760, which is equivalent only to the peak level of statistical information, with 45.77% of university degrees and above. If there is no change in the composition of the new employees recruited by the company, the number of employees who are expected to be employed is 21,85, which is not yet the case.
Considering the number of people recruited by society. So the total number of employees in the company is expected to grow in 2017, with 1.2. Excavators becoming the company ' s new profit centre. 1.2.1. Renovation, infrastructure, export demand to support the sale of excavators rebounding.
Excavators are one of the most representative types of machines in engineering machinery and are widely used in real estate construction and in infrastructure construction such as railways, roads, mining, etc. In August-December 2016, excavators were found to be the main sources of demand and capital investment in the sale of this round of excavators.
And there's a combination of three factors that contribute to overseas exports. We're going to focus on the factor that drives engineering and machinery exports all the way back to this in-depth report, and we're going to give a brief description of the first two factors here.
According to the statistics of the Excavator Section of the Association of Engineering and Machinery Industries, the average length of operation of excavators produced prior to 2008 was around 10,000 hours, at 8 hours a day.
20 days a month, 11 months a year, about six years a year, and then another 15,000 hours a day, the average length of use of the excavators that were put into the market around 1997 is right, based on 8 hours a day, 20 days a month, 11 months a year.
On the basis of data on the sales of excavators, we can see that the total number of excavators placed on the market between 1997 and 2008 facing renewed demand was 300,000. Since the price of excavators is directly related to tonnage, the price of a large excavator could be a small one.
The latest sales structure of the Engineering and Machinery Industry Association in January of that year, 55 per cent of small digs, 30 per cent of small digs, 15 per cent of tonnage analysis of large digs, a wave of renewed demand for 2016-2022 should be 165,000 small digs, 90,000 medium digs and 45,000 large digs.
The size of the entire new market is estimated at $80 billion, based on the price of 800,000 dollars for a large dig, 300,000 dollars for a medium dig, and an estimated 100,000 dollars for a small dig. According to the principle of equitable distribution, it is expected that the sales of Willows' excavators will be $6.1 billion, 2.2 billion, or 22 per cent and 7 per cent, respectively.
Assuming that the city will remain the same and the excavator industry will grow by about 20 per cent per year over the next five years, we judge that the capital investment boom real estate has become a catalyst for the development of engineering machinery, and it can be deduced from the results of our grass-roots research and engineering mechanics that the diggers are downstream.
About 40 to 50 per cent of market demand comes from real estate investments and 20 to 30 per cent from infrastructure, but starting in 2016, the increase in excavator sales was no longer highly correlated with the increase in the area under construction, and the slope of the upward trend in excavator sales was much higher than the upward trend in the area under construction.
In particular, starting in the second half of 2016, there was a near-no growth in the size of the new real estate industry compared to the fall, but the excavator continued to grow at a high rate, even after four consecutive months, with a 70 per cent increase in one-month-on-one, with a tendency to deviate from one another.
In 2016, the increase of 8.0 per cent in the size of the country ' s new construction began, with a slight recovery, was one of the reasons for the return of the engineering and machinery industry, but it was not enough to sustain the big rebound.
Since 2009, the contribution of capital investment has been declining relative to that of real estate investment until 2013, with a certain structural shift between capital investment and real estate investment, with declining demand for real estate investment and rising demand for capital investment.
The engineering and machinery industry will benefit directly from the capital project as the backbone for the construction of the engineering project. Our East Wu Group of Machinery projects that real estate investment will decline to between 3 and 4 per cent in 2017, if the gdp and fixed asset investments are to remain at the bottom line.
According to our projections, the share of future capital needs in total sales remains at around 60 per cent, and 1.2.2. Excavator operations have become a new profit centre for tri-carryers.
The importance of sales in the company’s operating income rises from year to year. Concrete machinery still accounts for the largest share of the company’s revenue, and trio is the largest manufacturer of concrete machinery in the world.
40.82 per cent, while the ratio of excavators rose from 18.36 per cent in 2010 to 2016, while the profitability of the excavator business was also very high. Although the company's overall Māori ratio fell from 41.83 per cent to 21.46 per cent of the high point, it fell from 41.83 per cent to 21.46 per cent.
The Māori rate for the excavator business has not been affected and has been maintained at around 30%. This suggests that the excavator business is becoming a new profit centre for triads, and it will also be a trinity future.
The mechanical cycle industry is critical to the resilience of cyclical risks. A more stable harvest will help companies to survive a recession, avoid high profit and cost rates, and reduce the number of layoffs as much as possible.
The willows ' share of the excavator business remained at a low level of around 18 per cent between 2010 and 2016, which is one of the reasons why, while Willow ' s share of overseas income is equally high, the income growth rate is less stable than that of the triplets.
Foreign revenues have become a sharp instrument for stabilizing the performance of the triads. Japan's engineering and machinery industry, represented by excavators, has undergone four stages of “internal demand pull” - “internal demand saturation” - “export-led” - “export pressure.” Similarly, China's engineering and machinery industry
The transition from “saturation of domestic needs” to “export” is under way. The timely introduction of the strategy has stimulated demand for overseas exports of engineering machinery, while also helping to sustain the healthy growth of domestic engineering firms.
In 2011, the share of overseas earnings was only 6.75%, falling far behind the average of 13.34% of other engineering and mechanical companies in the country, such as Willows, Hillston, Hangfork Group, Xu Engineering Machinery, Angkor, etc.
The average share of his company is shaded. By 2015, although the other seven companies also climbed to 20 per cent, they had been left far behind by three or more workers, as their share of overseas income jumped by 36 percentage points in four years, to 43 per cent.
The rapid progress is based on a three-system, forward-looking global layout. Although it was not until 2012 that the ratio of overseas income to overseas income began to show up, the company fell first in 2006, spending $60 million on the first offshore R & D centre in India, a large country, and
In 2009, a triple industrial Indian industrial park was built and put into operation. At present, the company has over 4,000 overseas workers, four overseas R & D manufacturing bases in India, the United States, Germany, Brazil, and seven overseas sales in Asia and the Pacific, Latin America, South Africa, North Africa, Central Asia, the Middle East and Russia.
Regions and member companies have established product distribution networks in more than 70 countries and regions around the world, comprising more than 1,700 services, for export to more than 130 countries and territories.
Russia Americana america russia
Germany German • Central Asia
Centralasia Middleast India
Noorthafrica Brazil
• Asia-Pacific
Southamerica has a global deployment of hardware, but does not lose sight of the precision of software, and internationalization also emphasizes localization. Trinity has a 70% localization rate, compared to three.
The ratio is 80% in Germany and India. The company has not forgotten to be an enterprise.