The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (SWISRDC) recorded a combined business income of $3.69 billion in October 2019, an increase of 11 per cent over the same period and a 15.4 per cent increase over the same period.
The company collected $21.02 billion in January-October, an increase of 2.1 per cent compared to the previous year. • The October harvest increased by 11 per cent, and the iPhone exceeded expectations.
The adjustment is that the share of company numbers has risen significantly in the last four quarters, owing to the low expectations of competitive progress, and is now expected to outperform the same period last year when hand orders are full, taking into account the beginning of the fall in revenue last November, and the return to growth of profits in the last four quarters of this year.
• Improved product structure and consumer electron growth. Apple-led consumer electronic innovation, strong growth of airpods as tws headphones (three-quarters of airpods are close to doubling their output estimates), more recent noise-reduction versions of the airpodspro market react well, and tws headphones are expected to grow faster.
The watch growth has been positive, with a steady increase in the number of headphone watches in the company’s soft-board and main-board supply, and a marked improvement in the Mäori structure. Since the Msap factory in Qin became operational in the third quarter of the year, it has been able to climb the productivity slope well, with the level of automation and the rate of excellence at the industry’s top, and the slp’s income ratio has been rising steadily.
The company is expected to make a smooth transition with the release of Q.se2. Apple is expected to launch the S2 model in the first half of next year, and based on time projections, the company is now in the process of sampling and is expected to start preparing for new products in the first quarter of the year, which is expected to improve the situation during the rest of the past 12 months. We expect the sale of S2 as a result of changes in pricing strategies.
Supermarket pessimism predicts that the iphone conglomerate is perfect, that innovation is still in place, and that the combined delivery is expected to pick up again in 2020, with 5g mobile phones being pushed out. The 5g terminal cycle is about to open, and companies are about to increase their prices. Apple will officially launch its 5g mobile phone next year.
The innovation cycle has started, with single-timers stepping up, including more fpc and slp applications, and companies are expected to start a new growth cycle from 2020. The 5g-era wearable equipment is expected to accelerate growth, driving the demand for soft panels and slp. As the solar industry withdraws in softboards, the company’s share of soft boards is expected to grow.
Profit predictions and investment proposals. 5g mobile phones and consumer electronics resonance in 2020, with company products at full prices.
Quarterly growth period (2019-10-31).
(fpc) has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.