Curities Centre for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
· Three-quarterly performance of the company: $7,998 million in a single quarter of the third quarter, an increase of 2.71 per cent in the same year, $1,092 million in net profits attributable to the company ' s shareholders, a decrease of 3.43 per cent in the same year, 0.4 per cent in net profits net off non-recurring gains and losses, $1,702 million in net profits attributable to the company ' s shareholders, an increase of 8.97 per cent in the same year, a deduction of non-recurring profits
The three-quarter Māori ratio has declined slightly, with fixed asset conversion and product structure as influencing factors. The company ' s three-quarters card, 1. " Māori q2 " , has increased significantly, and is expected to stabilize for the second half of the year.
Although the new machine was sold well this year, it was mainly on the low-priced iphone 11, the high-priced iphone 11pro and max, and the iphone 11 on the fpc and slp a unit value.
The Māori rate is affected by low-end, less profitable products. In the context of the overall downward trend in Apple mobile sales, corporate product structures are being optimized, consumer electronics and computer panels are growing at the same time, benefiting mainly from increased sales of airpods, applewatch, ipad, and strong growth in airpods.
Apple's new machine sales are higher than expected, profits are back on track in four quarters, and next year's Apple's 5-g mobile phone will be folded and the company will benefit positively. Apple's sales this year are higher than expected, and there are more orders in the industry chain.
In 10% of cases, the outlook is four quarters positive, promising to return to growth, and apples will push out the iphonese2 in the first half of next year, and the company is looking forward to a milder season. Next year, Apple 5g mobile phones will add up to the year of innovation, and the value of the slp, fpc, mpi and lcp single machines is expected to increase significantly, and the company is expected to reach depth.
Apple Japan’s fpc supplier has reduced its consumer electronics business, and the company is expected to add an old + new #. Apple Japan’s three main fpc suppliers (families, Fujikura, friends) now account for 50% of the total supply in apples.
By and large, Japan's fpc producers are less active in consumer electronics and are deliberately downsized, and next year, Luanyang Apple phone sales are down, and industry chain prices are down.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment