The October harvest was highly innovative, with robust growth expected throughout the year. The company issued a collection brief for October 2019, which generated $3.68 billion, an increase of 10.96 per cent.
In October, the company announced an increase of RMB 3,685 million, or 10.96 per cent, and a higher increase in innovation. In January-October, the public department achieved a total of RMB 21,022 million, or 2.1 per cent, compared with the increase in corporate orders.
Full and new output. Four quarters of performance is expected to continue well, thanks to lower entry prices for iPhone 11 and an impending switch of traffic, based on information from institutions such as counterpoint.
The Unit’s comparison with the depth of 300 shows that this year’s overall stock is better with the new aircraft, while we expect the actual volume to increase by the same amount. Nearly 70% of the company’s revenue comes from apples, and we believe that the four quarters continue to perform well. In addition, the first three quarters of the year.
During the 5g Development 5g, which benefited from the depth of the company, smartphones continued to evolve towards fine, thinning, superimposed 5g antenna technology, fpc and
The size of the slp market is expected to grow further. The company is the largest supplier of fpc apples and the main supplier of slp, with the advantage of leading technology + low-cost + large-scale supply capacity + depth tied to large customers, and its performance continues to increase the share of benefits and the size of the industry market.
Deep South Circuit, East Mount Precision, Top Skill Technology, Apple Supply Chain, and Gore's shares as comparable companies, 41 times the average of p/e in 2019 and 37 times the average of companies, with “recommend” the effect of China-United States trade friction and tariffs, iPhone shipments that may not be as high as expected, terminal-loading
The company’s financial statements are projected to be aggregated by Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity and Investment Ltd., and awarded the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.