q3 short-term performance pressure, looking forward to fast corporate growth in 2020 — the three-quarterly Ping Ping stock rating q3 performed slightly below expectations, looking ahead to corporate development next year and maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
The company publishes three quarterly reports: 17,337 million yuan (+0.40%) in operating income in the first three quarters of 2019, and 1.702 billion yuan (+8.97%) in net profit, of which $7,999 million (+2.71%) in the first quarter of q3, leading producers, and we see long-term sustainability in the company.
With China’s major shift, the company, with its excellent managerial capacity and technological strength, is expected to grow beyond the industry as a whole and become the biggest beneficiary of the industry’s development. We cut down on the company’s profit forecast, resulting in a fall in the company’s Māori rate in the first quarter of the month, and a reduction in the cost of significantly improving the financial costs.
In the first three quarters of 2019, the company combined Māori ratio reached 22.00 per cent (+0.48 pct), with an increase of q3 in the first quarter and a higher increase of q3 in the second quarter (an increase of about 1 billion over q2 fixed assets); and a higher than expected sales of low-end aircraft by major customers, resulting in pressure on asp. On the cost side, due to the amortization of land
The increase resulted in a small increase in the q3 administrative cost rate to 4.5 per cent (+0.72 pct) and a marked improvement in the financial costs this year (compared with $90 million in the same period last year and $162 million in q3 this year). Thus, the company ' s first three quarters, under the twin roles of an increase in the Maori rate and an improvement in the financial cost rate
The net interest rate is 9.82% (+0.77pct). • Watch the 5g era pcb upgrades, binds large clients, shares the technology upgrade dividend. Next year is the first year of the 5g mobile phone, and 5g has higher requirements for accuracy, density and reliability of the pcb.
Reducing volume and improving performance are the necessary directions for industry development. Companies work with customers and suppliers. Global pcb taps, tied-up large customers, technology upgrade dividends 2019-08-15.
Research and development (R & D), direct participation in the next generation and in the next generation of products, enables the future of products and technologies to be accurately oriented and market trends and development are advanced. Corporate technology R & D is very powerful and is a few of the world’s manufacturers that can produce fpc, hdi, and slp at the same time; in terms of products, companies are doing lcp, mpi.
Antenna supply and master slp have a clear technical advantage, and there is much room for long-term market development as the development of 5g and the continued upgrading of mobile products, adding to the larger trend of car intelligence, continues to take place in the future.