Performance met expectations, four-quarter growth period, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre event: corporate operating income of $17.34 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 0.4 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother.
1.7 billion, an increase of 9 per cent in the same year, including 1.6 billion net profit from non-return to the mother, an increase of 10.88 per cent in the same year. The stocking of high-season orders, and depreciation of the new production line, affect short-term Māori rates.q3 billion in the quarter, an increase of 2.7 per cent over last year's high base of 2.7 per cent, excluding non-return to the mother, a decrease of 0.8 per cent compared with the previous year.
Performance was released with an increase in depreciation in three quarters, a 1.8 per cent decrease in the same rate, a 1.8 per cent decrease in the same rate for the same period, a higher than expected market sales since the issuance of iphone 11, apples were added to the supply chain, taking into account the decline in harvests in the last four quarters of the year, and a higher capacity utilization rate is expected to be maintained in the last four quarters of the year, with a similar increase in the same rate.
• Improved product structure and consumer electron growth. Apple-led consumer electronic innovation, strong growth of airpods as tws headphones (three-quarters of airpods are close to doubling their output estimates), more recent noise-reduction versions of the airpodspro market react well, and tws headphones are expected to grow faster.
The watch growth has been positive, with a steady increase in the number of headphone watches in the company’s soft-board and main-board supply, and a marked improvement in the Mäori structure. Since the Msap factory in Qin became operational in the third quarter of the year, it has been able to climb the productivity slope well, with the level of automation and the rate of excellence at the industry’s top, and the slp’s income ratio has been rising steadily.
Smart phones are getting warmer. Andre's clients are growing faster. Three quarters of China's smartphones have picked up, and China's share has surged, and Apple's new machine needs are overestimated. The company has been working with China to locate high-end series in Andre, supplying softboards and parts of the main plate, and mobile phones and slp penetration in the 5g era.
Apples will launch low-cost mobile phones next year, and a new growth cycle will begin in 5g years. The 5g era of ready-to-use equipment is expected to accelerate growth, driving soft boards and slips.
With the gradual withdrawal of solar producers in the softboard sector, the company’s share of soft boards is expected to increase further, and its profitability is expected to increase on a quarterly basis, along with the restructuring of its automated production lines. Profit forecasting and investment proposals.
1. Penang Holdings (002938); Apple Supplemental Order, 4th Quarterly Fear of Discharge (2019-10-08) 3. Pentium Holdings (002938); Overperformance, Management
Risks: new technologies are not as advanced as expected and exchange rate fluctuations are as high as possible. 5. Stock holding (002938): fpc top global (2019-07-24)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.