The company's research, the company's quick evaluation, the non-monetary finance and securitiesii development, the maintenance of the "buy-in" rating of the company.
The suspension of the Zhejiang state ipo incident does not affect the normal operation of the company. Billion dollars in insurance coverage and co-financing of the Huailong company; $5.93 billion in initial fund-raising for five companies, market share, and we conclude that the Zhejiang state event does not affect the overall functioning of the company’s investment operations.
Marketing costs do not have a substantial impact on the company’s investment income and revenue. At the same time, there are sufficient reserves for the company’s investment projects.
The company has a strong accumulation of wealth management and has extensive operational experience, and continues to build a brand of “One East” wealth management that integrates sales, products, and assets. When core management is in place, corporate wealth management will take full advantage of its strengths and accumulates through the construction of business models and business scenes that are consistent with the interests of the investors, resulting in “public product marketing, fund-raising, individual pensions, institutional finance, private sector”
The current valuation reflects only balance sheet valuations, and light asset plates, such as management, provide opportunities for revaluation. Corporate asset quality is strong, operations are robust, and balance sheet revaluation as a whole does not have any impact on asset write-offs.
The value of the brand, the reputation market for the “Orient Red” brand, and the size of the active equity of the money-transfer fund are at the forefront of the industry. As of the first half of 2023, the industry ranks among the top. We judge that the current corporate valuation (about 1.1 times) reflects only the valuation of the balance sheet, while the valuation of light assets such as asset management, wealth management, etc. has not yet been reflected, and expect the performance elasticity of the reversal of corporate distress.
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and rate of increase in the same year, Figure 2: Corporate net profit return and rate of increase in the same year, Figure 3: Corporate operating income for the single season and rate of increase in the same year
Figure 4: Company single-season net profit return and year-on-year increase Figure 5: Structure of company-owned operations Based on the current macroeconomic environment and future trends in the securities market, we make the following projections of profits for Eastern securities for 2023-2025.
(1) Net revenue from brokerage fees: stock-based turnover, market occupancy and commission rates are key factors affecting corporate revenue from brokering. 1) Changes in stock market turnover, mainly influenced by the domestic economic market, are therefore expected to result in a share market fund transaction of $14,831.3 billion for 2023-2025a; 2) market occupancy rates will be maintained, taking into account the overall registration reform of Eastern securities, improved co-ordination and operational capacity
(3) Net income from operating charges: The size of asset management and the rate of management are key factors affecting asset management operations. We assume (4) net income from interest: market balance of securities, market share rate and interest rate of securities are the three key factors affecting net interest income. 1) Considering the larger scope for development of the finance voucher business, we assume that the balance of market securities will be $15,05.47 billion/168,294 million over the next three years, respectively.
(5) Investment returns: Self-employment and the rate of return on investment are two key factors affecting the return on investment. The company’s proactive management capacity continues to improve, the net revenue from brokering and the return on investment are important components of the company’s operating income, and we believe that changes in the rate of return on brokering and investment will provide a sensitive analysis of profit projections as a sensitive factor in the annual compound return on investment.
Risks of market volatility, risks of business innovation, and risks of increased market competition. Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; authors have not studied it in the past, now or in the future.