q3 One Season Camp Recovery, with cost-side net gain - UV shares (000938), report a billion yuan net profit from the mother, $1.240 billion net profit from the parent, $910 million net profit from the non-mother, with an increase of the same year.
In Tibet, purple communications investments in distribution, server operations drive heat recovery, but the Māori rate has fallen slightly. The company's first three quarters are expected to be linked to a robust growth in distribution and a breakthrough in its own brand servers, especially in the public sector.
The Department’s branded servers are growing rapidly, and revenue contributions are expected to exceed expectations in the third and fourth quarters.a The market value of the share of liquidity (billion dollars) is, at the same time, a low Māori rate of distribution and server operations is also contributing to overall Māori performance.
q3 Māori fell 2.8.6.2 percentage points in relation to the ring ratio. Exchange losses drag costs and profits fall short of expectations.
(b) On the other hand, the financial costs of the previous three quarters amounted to 350 million yuan, representing an increase of 110 million yuan, which is a major increase over the previous three quarters.
This is due to the loss of exchange and the increase in short-term borrowing. The first three quarters/q3 single-season net gain has led to the construction of a layout around 5g and the opening of the operator’s market. The current 5g is in a period of large-scale construction, and the company has been actively expanding the operator’s market in the previous three quarters by launching a series of 5g mobile feed-back web products.
On the whole, the company is continuing to improve the operator’s product lines, and is expected to benefit fully from building 5g in the future.
Review _aaa_violet shares (000938) _aaa_violet shares (000938) cover for the first time profit projections and investment proposals: since 2019, despite the collection of the core subsidiary Xinhua 3
The downside, but the company’s brand-owned digital infrastructure business is growing rapidly and is expected to open up to the long Song Gangpo risk factors: less than expected construction of 5g, increased trade friction between Central America and the United States, and the risk of loss of goodwill.
Kong Wenbin.