At low or past times, industrial chain expansion has escalated, the output has continued at a high rate, with high upstream costs under pressure to make a profit. Company q2 achieves its camp.
One hundred hundred hundred thousand dollars, ring + 0.67%. Of this amount, the company has reached $1,279 million in revenue from battery storage, corresponding to shipments of about 1.5-2gwh, while the battery income corresponds to about $6.609 billion, corresponding to shipments of about 8-9gwh, with a continued high output. The company q2 achieved a Māori ratio of 14.37%, and the ring ratio.
-0.12 pct, profit pressure is obvious. This should be mainly due to higher upstream costs, the relative price sensitivity of the company’s main client households, and the relatively longer price-contribution process. We believe that the company’s level of profitability should be at a low point, as the company’s subsequent price increases become more visible, and the ability of the upstream lithium salt production to be released.
The company’s profitability will be repaired considerably. Steady distribution is on both ends. Client outreach goes hand in hand with capacity expansion. The company is already using advanced total equity/flow (million shares).
The R & D manufacturing capacity and value-for-money product system continues to develop high-quality customers, followed by a high level of security of retention: (1) for domestic power customers, companies from the early years of Jianghuai, Kiki, 12 months of the highest/minimum level (in yuan)
Swe and others have moved further into more front-line manufacturers and have opened up steam (the company's main supplier for Mitsubishi Miniev), leading auto companies like Gilly, Chang-An and the Wall, as well as new power companies such as scoundrels, new energy sources, etc., to stabilize their customers and have high downstream demand; (2) overseas powerers.
On the household side, the company, in cooperation with the U.S. full-car market company (with a cumulative demand of around 200gwh) and the Indian tata, among others, further collaborates strategically with Viet Nam ' s largest car company, Vinfast, to promote international customer diversification, and access to popular fixes is expected to increase further.
In terms of storage capacity, the company further extended to projects such as grid storage, building on its deep-seated communications capacity with China, to secure further production of the Kyoto and IYC bases, which are expected to reach 100 gwh by the end of the year, double the ratio.
Research and development is sufficiently competitive, and the overall upstream layout is expected to lead to a significant increase in profitability. The company’s research and development efforts, along with the upgrading of the lithium system, are now in place.
A mass production capability of 210wh/kglfp core and 230wh/kglfp core configuration is completed; 360wh/kg high-energy semi-solid batteries are also expected to be loaded during the year, allowing 1,000 km to be re-shipped, and the product to be competitive.
Co-development through the provision of primary materials such as positive, negative, electrolytic fluids through the establishment of subsidiaries to produce their own supplies, with significant cost advantages at the high level of self-supply; supply chain security through such materials as phosphorus resources, diaphragms and bronze in the form of equity participation, establishment of joint ventures, etc.; high lithium prices
In the context of further deepening of the company ' s lithium resource configuration, the supply of lithium is ensured through the Association of Governors, strategic cooperation and investment in production, and IYi Chun plus Argentina ' s current combined planned production capacity of 13-18 million tons, with the YYi Spring project expected to deliver 0.8 million tons in 2022 and around 30,000 tons in 2023, respectively.
Battery output of around 14 and 50 gwh, supported in the long term by over 200 gwhh; company lithium self-supply ratio is expected to increase rapidly and significantly profit levels in conjunction with other upstream layouts.
In the middle of the valley or past, the industrial chain has been upgraded.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.