A high rate of growth in the country's high-growth economy, vertical layouts contributing to the reduction of efficiency gains, and industry-wide chain layouts are expected to reduce efficiency gains, either by profit points or gradually become apparent; and increased ratings are maintained.
Battery business is growing at a high rate, with growing capacity: first half of the year, the company powered the lithium battery industry, billions of dollars. We expect sales of battery business to be 10.5 gwh in the first half of the year, of which 2022 q2 sales are 5.3 gwh, with a small increase in the ring.
Over 200,000 tons of positive material projects have been put into production, and the accelerated release of capacity will strongly support the goal of 100 gwh production capacity by the end of the year. Short-term pressure on profitability and continued construction of whole-chain layout: corporate power cell Māori in the first half of the year
The company currently has vertical layouts ranging from mineral resources, material end to battery end, covering most of the lithium electricity production raw materials, and active battery recovery operations, which help to further reduce production costs while safeguarding the supply of raw materials.
The client structure has been optimized and the pace of internationalization has accelerated: the company’s clients have established deep partnerships with the tata, the public, the vinfast, and the storage companies invenergy, jinko.
The successful start-up of the plant and the steady advancement of overseas industrial base-building programmes in North America, South-East Asia, South Asia, etc., have helped companies to open up more offshore markets. Strategic collaboration between companies and popular groups has fallen short of expectations; large-scale corporate customers have not imported as much as expected;
Technological advances have fallen short of expectations; demand for new-energy automobile chains has fallen short of expectations; price volatility of raw materials risks; and the impact of the new crown epidemic has exceeded expectations.
Continuously perfected 20210831 S.C.I.S.I.S.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.