Shandong Gold (600547.sh) incident assessment report 2024 semi-annual reports: 45.773 billion yuan, +66.90 per cent in the first half of 2024; 1.383 billion yuan net profit for the parent, same as the other 65.7 billion yuan in the first half of 2024.
On a quarterly basis, the performance of q1 and q2 increased significantly on a year-on-year basis.
The continued upturn in prices and the merger and purchase of silver and Thai gold also contributed to higher corporate profits. In the first half of 2024, home-grown gold production increased significantly, with new projects 1, "Tandong Gold (600547), " Production returns " .
Decrease in the cost rate of the rise and significant improvement in performance (m3) 10,000 cubic metres, with the construction of the sub-well wells in the Trisan Island gold mine, which have broken down by 1590 metres, and the high mark, which refreshes Asia's deepest well records; and the construction of the main well in the South Jao gold mine.
At the end of the day, the main wells in the New Town gold mining area are operational at the planned nodes; the Akak Peak wood mine selects 2,000 tons per day for the sub-wellings of the expansion project to the end; and the construction of key works such as the Ghana Katino site and the tailings bank are all over schedule.
According to the feasibility study, the capacity to mine after childbirth can reach 6.6 million tonnes/year, the average annual yield of floating gold concentrates is 29.06 million tonnes (including 18854 kg/year). The value of the new city gold mines after childbirth is 2.64 million tonnes/year.
Each year, 1196 million tons (including 7771 kg/year) of floating gold concentrate are produced. The Kati Nol company, the Namutini gold mine, produces 9.5 million tons of ore per year, an average of 8.438 tons per year.
In the first half of the year, the company invested cumulatively $310 million in prospecting.
In the area of mergers and acquisitions and injections, 70 per cent of the shareholdings in the titanium mine were completed in the first half of the year, more than 16 tons of additional gold metal were acquired and an additional mature mine was added;
With regard to evidence-gathering regarding the successful infusion of the right to prospecting in the ridge gold mine and the realization of the right to mining in the trisan island gold mine, the integration of 15,000 tonnes/day mining permits in the trisan island gold mine and the acquisition of mining licences for the deep-seated expansion of the Xianan gold mine sub-mines.
As the core mining site of the gold production base in Kitakyushu, the mining rights have now been consolidated and 6.6 million tonnes/year of mining certificates have been successfully obtained.
The growth in the volume of home-grown minerals has maintained a “buy-in” investment rating. 1) The price of gold has fallen sharply; 2) the company's value of own-owned gold has fallen; 3) the construction of new projects has not progressed as expected; 4) the safety and environmental impact on gold mining, etc.
The new material group introduced the Master of Science, Chinese University of Hong Kong, in charge of colorful research.
I've been working in the Gang Copper Group for three years in non-ferrous metal futures studies, before: carbon neutral members, Master of Finance, Bachelor of Arts, University of Dalian Technology, 2024, and I joined the Chinese research team to reflect my research views. I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
The Hong Kong market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.