Mining gold has grown steadily, and resource reserves have continued to grow, and Shandong gold (600547.sh) has been reported for mid-2024.
Gold production in the mines has increased and the vanguard position has continued to strengthen. q2 has achieved business income of $26,816 million in a single quarter, i.e. +87.18 per cent, ring ratio + 41.46 per cent; net return profit of 684 million xuzhengkun@dgzq.com.cn
In six months, the company’s gold-based products rose in volume, contributing to continued high performance, consolidating the company’s leading position in the domestic gold industry. Gold costs were raised, and MFI’s performance was slightly lower than expected.
Operating costs are 39,292 million yuan, an increase of 66.57 per cent over the same period. The increase in operating costs is mainly due to the first half of the year.
Internationally: Management costs of $1,296 million, an increase of 22.74 per cent over the previous year, largely due to strong corporate growth due to the strong advantages of the acquisition of mountain gold international resources. Companies focused on the gold industry and expanded their resource reserves. In the first half of 2024, companies acquired 70 per cent of the ownership of the titanium mines and realized and acquired additional gold.
With more than 16 tons of metals, the acquisition of the right to prospecting in Western Ridge gold and the consolidation of the right to gold mining in San Francisco have significantly increased the company’s reserves of gold resources. During this period, the company produced 24.52 tons of gold from mines, equivalent to 17.33 per cent of mining gold production from mining companies in the country.
Investments suggest that gold prices, driven by the Fed’s expectations of interest reduction and risk avoidance, are expected to remain high, while companies, with their strong reserves of gold resources, lay the foundation for sustained performance growth.
Risks; industry competition risks; downstream demand risks less than expected; Federal Reserve over-expected maintenance of austerity Note: “market index” of this rating system,a shares refer to 300 indexes of depth; the new three-board reference point is three-fold.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.