The rise in gold prices drives growth, leaving behind a residual eruption.
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2024, where it achieved operating income of $45,773 million in the first half of 2024, 41.46 per cent; net profit of shareholders belonging to the parent company of $684 million, an increase of 55.02 per cent over the same period, and a decline in the ring. Over-program production was completed and gold prices increased the company's performance: in the first half of 2024, the company produced mineral gold.
In the first half of the year, the company sold its own money at a higher price than the average price on the Shanghai gold exchange for the same period. As a result, we measured that the Department sold its own money at a maximum of 21 tons in the first half of 2024, a difference of 3.52 tons from its production; by the end of June 2024, the company had its own stock or had reached almost 7 tons.
The rise in gold prices, however, led to a significant increase in performance in the first half of the year. In addition, net corporate investment gains of $190 million over the reporting period increased by $97 million over the same period, mainly from losses arising from the disposal of derivative financial instruments from tradable financial liabilities, limiting further releases from corporate performance.
In addition, during the reporting period, the company continued to increase the amount of its resources, with a cumulative investment of $310 million in prospecting, to achieve 21.9 tons of additional gold and metals from prospecting.
Mining stock acquisitions to achieve the acquisition of more than 16 tons of additional gold and metals, which will later be enhanced through production capacity, will result in an additional ton of gold ore to the company; the company has also completed the acquisition of prospecting rights for the Western Ridge gold ore, successfully injecting the right to prospecting for the Western Ridge gold ore into the company and integrating it with the original mine rights for the San Francisco gold ore, which are currently under way
Work is also proceeding in an orderly manner in connection with the construction of the project; the company ' s project for the integration of the Kao family ' s gold resources, the New Town gold mine integration project, the project for the expansion of the energy capacity of the Cheong Fung wood mine, and the construction of key projects such as the Ghana Katino project, the tailings deposit, etc. are all over schedule.
In the first half of the year, various titles were obtained, including an integrated mining licence for the trisan island gold mine and a mining licence for the deep-seated expansion project for the Kanan gold mine. Investment proposal: The company is expected to be owned by its shareholders in the parent company in 2024-2026.
The company, as the leader of the gold industry, has left much to be desired in the first half of the year, and its subsequent performance may be more favourable.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been forthcoming in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.