Precious petrochemicals (002493) Material material px, pta profit recovery, leading to growth in corporate performance
Events: Corporate performance reports issued in the third quarter of 2018, returns of operating income of 616.821, px, pta in January-September, leading to growth in corporate performance. Prices of px/pta rose sharply in the third quarter, leading to growth in corporate performance. Average price differentials of pta-px in the third quarter amounted to $1290 per ton.
The significant increase in costs delayed performance, mainly due to the expansion of financing as a result of the ZP project, higher interest expenditure and higher losses on exchange.
2-px profits have recently been high, returning to normal in the long run. As part of the pta installation was restored at the end of 2017, the total market value/flow (millions) and new capacity were released, the pta start-up rate gradually increased and the px demand increased.
It's a huge increase, and the px is now at a very high level of profitability. It produces 1.6 million tons of px capacity. The main raw material is currently fuel oil mixed with petrocephalus, which will be used to refuel in the future.
Oil additions are expected to increase and production costs are expected to decrease.
Precious petrochemicals (002493), Pacific Chemicals 3, pta climate is expected to continue.
High-price differentials are falling, near the profit/loss balance point. But upstream px prices, profits, are still at a high level of confidence, building world-class petrochemical bases, and the pta chain profits are expected to rise in the future as upstream px capacity is released.
Pta has an equity capacity of 6 million tons and is more resilient.
4. The ZP project is well under way to build a world-class petrochemical base. The project has been built with a major increase in net profit from the mother, focusing on major events.
The chemical component of our former refinery, which was the highest in the country, is a typical “chemical” refinery,5 with a profit projection and rating: we expect a return to the net return profits of the company from 2018 to 2020, px and pta, respectively, leading to growth in the company's performance.
Building a world-class refining base, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Profit forecasting and financial indicators: px, pta recovery, leading to growth in corporate performance
Px, pta's profit recovery, leading to performance growth.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.