Intra-provincial electricity demand fell, with less than expected performance in 2018: in 2018, the company achieved gross operating income of 56.634 billion yuan, an increase of about 10.63 per cent over the same period in the previous year; total profits of $5.012 billion, a decrease of about 9.38 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profits attributable to shareholders in parent companies of $4.036 billion, a decrease of about 6.89 per cent over the same period in the previous year; and earnings of 0.30 yuan per share, a decrease of 0.02 dollars over the same period in 2017.
The fall in power generation in the fourth quarter of the year was less than expected. In 2018, the cumulative total of 1,241.34 million kilowatt-hours generated by fully-owned and controlled companies fell significantly, resulting in an increase of 3.51 percentage points in electricity generation throughout the year compared to 11.14 per cent in 2017 and a decline of 12.5 per cent compared to the previous three quarters. The decline in electricity generation in the fourth quarter was due to a slowdown in demand for electricity in Zhejiang province on the one hand, and to a reduction in electricity demand in the province on the other.
Intra-energy “double control” requires that coal consumption be controlled, with a reduction in coal use in the provincial integrated coal power plants. With regard to electricity prices, the average company coal electricity access in 2018 was 0.307 kWh/kWh, a 1.2 per cent decline over the same period. In addition, the company's external donations, three remodellings and losses of non-current assets increased over the previous year, resulting in a significant increase in out-of-business expenditure and a loss of fixed assets due to the shutdown of two coal machines totalling 430,000 kW/kW/day, which together led to the company's loss of fixed assets.
Coal prices have risen and Māori sales have declined. In 2018, company fuel and materials costs increased by 17.43% over the previous year, partly because of the increase in electricity and coal prices in Zhejiang province, and the loss of research assistant Wangleright Wang Yu.
The company will continue to be the main source of electricity security in Zhejiang province for the longer term. In addition, the public sector will continue to provide electricity security in Zhejiang province.
The Division has also been proactive in setting up heating markets, actively developing nuclear power, vigorously developing new energy industries, such as integrated energy services, and accelerating the process of upgrading the transition towards multichannels of “Zero Power” (600023.sh): Increasing power generation in the third quarter, generating revenue. If the national coal supply and demand pattern evolves in 2019, central prices will fall, and corporate profits will improve further.
Profit projections and ratings: In the future, the company ' s steady increase in electricity generation and its increased capacity to generate revenue through multiple channels will continue to generate profit growth, and we expect that the company ' s 2019-2021 Zhejiang Power (600023.sh): The Zhejiang power gap will boost its performance and the operating income will reach 560.06, 579.53, 59,436 million yuan, the mother ' s net profit will be $50,02, 60.25, 7,579 million, etc., respectively.
Risk factors: downside pressures in the economy and the risk of falling demand for electricity, the risk of overcapacity, competition in electricity markets and price adjustments, and environmental policy risks. \triangleright
Cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Street of the City's West Side, Beijing. Charcoal, gas chain, special studies on fertilizer, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemical intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions.
Wang Xiao, Research Assistant, Beijing University undergraduate, Master of Science, North Grand National Development Institute, two degrees in economics, and six years of work experience with the National Electric Network Corporation. In June 2017, the Union’s Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre was joined.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.