This week's industry perspective: Double-Burb to promote a flat price of the photovoltaic industry on the Internet \triangleright
1. The two-faced two-envirals promote Internet access. In recent days, we have measured the PV access from the side of the power generation and from the side of the user, respectively. The results show that, for the user \triangleright side, a total investment of 3.8 yuan/watts, 80 per cent self-service, a 20 per cent discount on electricity, and a normal business price model of 0.075 yuan/watts per year.
With the introduction of two-sided components, there has been a significant increase in the range of distributed power stations that can access the Internet at a flat price, and there has been an increase in access to the Internet at a par price, with 297 and 386 districts having access to the Internet at a par, respectively, under both large industrial and commercial modes of electricity.
In the dollar/watt scenario, where two-sided binary components are installed, the rate of return on investment in the project will be 8 per cent or more, from 67 cities and areas where the normal components were installed to 132 areas, with an increase in average Internet access from 14.8 per cent to 29.1 per cent, or 65 areas more than the average. Overall, double-bond access to photovoltaic parity will be an incentive, but for areas where part of the electricity is too low or where hours are used, the increase in revenue from the generation of electricity will not offset the increase in the initial investment.
The cost of Wang Xiao’s research assistant makes the project irr less expensive, so these areas are not suitable for double-sided components. [Excellently] Industry weekly products, policy foresight, markets.
Hotspots, industry depths, one for absolute gain. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
An important reference value for investors. [Excellently] Industry covers the best of companies, with one to two shares per issue. Weekly updates, if the offer remains the same, follow.
For the next three months, we believe that these stock movements will significantly defeat the market.
"Cinda Securitiesco. ltd House No. 1 9 West Side Street, Beijing City."
Seventeen per cent went down to 16 per cent, without corresponding adjustments to the price of the fire-connected poles, where the value added tax (VAT) was reduced in space to benefit the company, so we believe that the current downward adjustment of the VAT would continue to allow the company to benefit, raising the price of non-taxed electricity and increasing the real profitability of the company.2 The amount of electricity generated by the company, the settlement price increased by the same time. In 2018, the company ' s cumulative annual electricity generation was 124.13 million kilowatt-hours, an increase of about 7.6 per cent compared to the previous year, and the electricity generated online was completed.
In 2018, the average cost of electricity on the Internet was 330.4 yuan/megawatt hours, an increase of 1.1 yuan/megawatt hours over 2017. The increase in electricity and electricity prices improved the company’s performance and hit the cost of coal.
As an eastern coastal province, Zhejiang also has a higher electricity load and a net annual import of electricity from the provinces, resulting in a relatively high degree of certainty in the company’s performance. Risk factors: coal market risk, electricity consumption risk, electricity price risk, environmental policy risk, and interest rate risk.
The natural gas industry chain, with special studies on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemicals intermediates, and new energy sources, automobile light-quantification, methanol economy, and carbon emissions. Wang Xiao, Research Assistant, Beijing University, M.A., North Grand National Development Institute, double degree in economics, and six years of experience at the National Electricity Network.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
The securities issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, and no special notice may be issued in respect of the credit securities.