Storage lead, flash price-driven high elasticity of performance
• Flash and mcu industries are scarce, product lines are abundant, customers are of high quality, market share will continue to rise 1. Companies are the leading global flash and microcontrolr design firms. The main products include the noorflash, Nand flash and 32-bit mcu series. Clients cover three-star electronics, exhibition communications, apocalypse technology, purple glimmers, etc.
According to Web-feetresearch, the company ' s share in the netflash market in 2015 was the third largest in the world and the largest in the world in the spinandflash market. According to cinno, the company ' s monthly production capacity in 2017 was the top five in the world, with a market share of more than 10 per cent.
2. We believe that, in the context of national strategies to support the storage of chips, the company ' s continuous development of more advanced, larger-capacity, more robust flash chips and high-performance, low-power mcu will continue to increase its market share in such product areas as noor flash, collusive nadflash and small-capacity parallel Nand, mcp.
Flash chip supply is tight and demand continues to expand into a new cycle of price increases, with high performance elastic 1 and the beneficiary sapras, light technology, three-star electronics strategies shifted to the fields of nadflash and dram, phasing out of the noorflash market, low- and medium-capacity noorflash supply contraction, and the domestic norflash industry.
The unit, compared to the depth of 300, has a historic development opportunity. According to Trendforce, the global noorflash capacity is about 88,000 units per month, converted to 12 inches.
According to Witsview, a significant increase in the volume of amoleds and an increase in tddi penetration in 2017 will add about 154 million noorflash needs.
Screen resolution upgrades will require a higher volume of noorflash.3 The storage system, which has been rising since the fourth quarter of 2016, has, in our view, entered a new high-profile cycle with longer duration and company ownership.
Good supply chain systems, local markets, high-quality customers, R & D power, etc., will continue to increase the share of products such as noorflash, and performance will be accompanied by sharp chip price hikes and expansion of product lines with a high degree of flexibility and certainty. The proposed buy-in of Beijing into 100% stock expansion markets such as dram, with restrictive equity incentives and high mobility conditions.
Hu's plan is to buy a 100% share of Beijing thugs for $6.5 billion to cut into the global dram chip market. Beijing Ri. We believe that when Beijing thugs are acquired, the company will be the leading international dram and sram and
• Profit forecasting and investment advice.
1. The company is the leading global supplier of flash chip and mcu, benefiting from the tight supply of flash chip and demand, and the continued price boom and elasticity of its performance. The acquisition of Beijing strontium will fill the company’s lacuna in the dram and achieve cross-cutting development, with significant synergies. The ipo project will enrich the company’s products.
Lines to enhance product competitiveness.1 Price volatility of raw materials, such as crystal circle;2 short-forecast prices;3 slow pace of acquisition; - leading global flash chip and mcu chip designs
(i) Scarcity of major business, high R & D strength, high customer quality Companies are the leading global suppliers of flash chip and microcontrollers, with major integrated circuit products including noorflash, Nandflash and mcu, commercial models of fabless (design, manufacture and sealing of c only), products
Items widely used for hand-held mobile terminals, consumer-type electronics, personal computers and perimeters, networks, telecommunications equipment, medical supplies, office equipment, motor electronics and industrial control equipment, etc., with major clients including three-star electronics, display communications, top-of-the-consumption technology, figures 1-3: company ' s main products and corresponding customers
Research and development resources are strong. The company’s core technologists are mainly from Qinghua, Uttar Pradesh, Khatami, and the Chinese Academy of Technology, the leading management teams are from the advanced semiconductor regions of the United States, Canada, South Korea, Taiwan, etc., and bring in experienced experts from the international industry.
In 2016, the company created the Xccelatm Federation, together with U.S. Light Technology, Wabang Electronics, EppT, to promote the xccelabus interface as a standard for storage, digital interconnection, and data communications.
(ii) High levels of equity incentives and clear competitive advantages The relatively low shareholdings of controlling shareholders are consistent with the norm in high-tech companies abroad. As of the first quarter of 2017, Zhu Iming held 12.22% of the shares directly in listed companies, through the Beijing Friendship and Alliance Investment Management Centre (PFIAC) and Beijing Manchuon.
The equity incentive scheme highlights the company’s long-term investment value. The company completes stock options and restricted stock awards in 2016.
Core managers and core staff, including secretaries-general, deputy general managers and other staff. Equity incentives are high and have high potential for long-term growth. Performance appraisals target: broad and long-term operating income for 2013-2015, deep binding of individual employee interests with the future development of the company, motivation of employees and long-term protection of the company.
Companies have four core competitive advantages, and they have medium- and long-term moats. We believe that the four main competitive advantages of companies include: talent and R & D advantages, local market advantages, geographical advantages close to semi-conductor clusters, light asset models. Figure 1-5: Companies have a core competitive advantage in the industry.
In 2016, the company achieved operating income of $14,485,000, an increase of 25.25 per cent over the same period last year, and a net return of $176,430,000, an increase of 11.82 per cent over the same period last year.
Performance, product lines are gradually improving in terms of capacity, voltage, feature functions, supply chain systems are stable, internal management processes are optimized, and performance is in the release phase. The Māori rate continues to rise, and the cost rate has remained stable over time.
Large and optimized supply chain systems, sharing R & D costs and stream costs to a single chip has continued to decline. The slight decline in M & A in 2016 was mainly due to higher costs of crystal round products and higher receipts. In addition, competitors have reduced prices for some model products, and companies have followed them in order to maintain their market share.
Increases in the wages of R&D personnel and sales costs associated with the opening of overseas markets: Figure 1-10: Distribution of major subsidiaries of companies, II. Flash supply and supply, sustained price increases into a new landscape cycle.
(i) Flash storage is the dominant direction of the memory, with clear business mode 1. Flash chip is the dominant feature of the storage device. Depending on the principles of storage, storage equipment is divided into disks and storage chips. Disk means storage information using magnetic energy.
, the storage of information, the mechanical movement of reading and writing on diskettes, which are currently used mainly in the fields of pc hard disks, moving hard disks, etc. The storage of chips (repositor) is a semiconductor chip that stores information by electrical means, and the storage and reading of information is done by electronic storage or release, mainly for memory, udis, solid-state storage hard disks, mobile phones, tablets, etc.
Flash is the most important memory, divided into nadflash and norflash. Nandflash has a large storage capacity, high speed of reading and writing, high number of reading and writing, long life, mainly for large capacity, batches of reading and writing data, such as smartphones, flat-plate computers, auto, solid-state hard disks, etc.
It is a non-random storage, non-executable code that allows data access in block units, with a higher storage speed, divided into slc, mlc, tlc, etc. The more susceptible the data blocks become as the nandflash process shrinks, the redundant backup of the data and the enhanced reliability of the storage is required through software and solids, and the technical difficulty is higher.
Noorflash, which is divided into serials and parallels, stores codes and parts of the data, is used mainly in embedded areas where mobile phones, pc, dvd, tv, usbkey, roof boxes, and object networking devices require regular execution of various kinds of programs. Noorflash features, if stored randomly, can read faster, execute codes, and can be connected directly to the processor.
The structure is simpler and less costly, the beneficial process advances and improved reading and writing performance, and the systems schemer's collusive noorflash figures 2-1: Storage chip classification 2, Clear business model for the flash chip industry, high entry barriers
The models of narflash manufacturers are idm and fabless, idm companies integrate the entire industrial chain of flash chips (design, manufacture, sealing, etc.), mainly with fine light technology, flying semiconductor, Wanghong, and Wah Bong. Fables firms only do flash chip designs, commissioning production and sealing to third parties, including, inter alia, oscillating innovation, technology-friendly technology, etc.
Figure 2-2: Noorflash Industrial Chains
Cover test, chip design, oscillating raw materials.
Crystalworker raw materials. Crystalworker. Crystalworker.
The crystal circle test plant, Sumi technology, front-end design.
The sun and the moon, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sun, the sun, the sun, the sun, the sun, the sun, the sun, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the sky, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth.
Wuhan's new core, Suzhou earthquake, back end realized.
Encapsulation plant, full-time client, photocoat factory.
The model of the module and the overall layout of the Nandflash manufacturer is mainly idm, with a high concentration of production capacity and market share. The Idm company consists mainly of three star electrons, Toshishiba, Hercules, and Light Technology, and the four companies provide the bulk of the global market.
U.S.T. data show that in 2017, tristars, Toshigi/Smitty, Me light/Intel, and sk Hercules can produce 37%, 35%, 17%, 11%, respectively. (ii) Flash chip markets are large, competition barriers are high and advanced process processes are advanced.
1. The flash chip industry is one of the core products of semiconductors, with a large market volume, and storage chips are one of the three major semiconductor product types in the world, with a wide range of applications and large applications. According to wsts, global stock chip sales in 2015 amounted to $77.2 billion, or about 23 per cent of global semiconductor chip sales.
More than 80% of soc chips, more than 70% of logical chips, are dominated by embedded storage chips. Storage chips are one of the most extensive and highly marketed integrated circuit products in the field. Flash chips are large. According to icinsights, the value of global drams in 2015 was about $45 billion, and global nand
The size of the flash market is about $30 billion, and the size of the nonflash market is about $3.3 billion. China is the largest flash chip market in the world, with the netflash market of about $7 billion.2 The flash chip industry is relatively competitive, highly marketed and fully competitive.
The flash chip is a semiconductor industry characterized by globalization and marketization. The flash chip design industry has a high entry threshold, with six main barriers: technology, industrial integration, customer recognition, finance and size, and talent.
Product indicators, such as sex, need to be accompanied by a confluence of crystal-crystal manufacturing sealing plants. Barriers to industrial integration, which integrates industrial chains such as advanced process processes, advanced encapsulations, and system-wide manufacturers, are important safeguards for the sustainable development of flash-stocking enterprises.
Customer barriers, high reliability, stability of flash products, long validation times, downstream customer certification and testing, and long-term supply, will enable stable partnerships with customers. Financial and scale barriers, flash chip designs are high R & D inputs, high-risk, long-cycle industries.
The cost of mask is different, the more advanced the process process is, the higher the cost of ip modules and mask, the higher the financial barrier, and the possibility that a product will need to be modified several times. The above R & D costs need to be spread over millions to tens of millions of chips, so the scale of sales of flash products is critical, and the advantages of large firms with a market share are clear.
Talent barriers. The flash chip is a knowledge-intensive industry that relies heavily on middle- and high-end talent. Business with a high-quality R & D team has a strong advantage because of the dearth of domestic chip design talent, especially storage chip design.
The flash chip process continues to evolve, encapsulating into advanced envelopes such as 3 dpackaging and sip. Noorflash currently has a large commercial product node of 55 - 60 nm and 45 nm is at an advanced stage of R & D. Nandflash currently has a commercial product node of 20/19 nm, and 3dnandflash is developing the main product in the future.
The cost of the unit storage capacity is significantly reduced if the process node and single chip are kept constant. In addition to the traditional chip encapsulation process, the envelope of the flash chip is gradually developed towards advanced envelopes such as 3dpacking and sip by raising the number of stacks vertically.
The flash chip performance continues to increase as process nodes shrink. In data transmission, the current serial noorlash chip transmission rate is about 560 mps, the parallel noorflash chip rate is about 800 mps, and the nandflash product is about 1.6 gbps. In reliability, noorflash can erase about 100,000 times, and data storage time is about 100,000 times.
10 years; mlc (multi-storage units) type Nandflash has approximately 5,000 rubbings, slc has about 50,000 times, according to the storage time of about 10 years. In power, noorflash generally consumes around 15 metres, and Nandflash products generally consume 15-20 metres.
(iii) Noorflash supply shrinks, downstream demand continues to grow, access to the seller's market 1. Noorflash chip supply shrinks, and domestic noorflash companies embrace historic development opportunities. Noorflash is an essential source of code storage in the area of low- and medium-capacity storage.
, with high reliability, speed of reading, executable code, random storage, etc., with the function of executing end electronics internal instructions, switching system data, etc., applies to low- and medium-capacity storage areas with high performance and low-cost advantages. Noorflash is more dominant than the parallel nonorflash in terms of ease of use, cost, power, etc. The market share continues to rise.
Beneficiary companies like Samsung, Light, and others are phasing out from the noorflash field, and domestic norflash firms are entering the fast-track development path. The strategic focus of the three stars, Light, and others on a larger market and a higher Māori rate in the nandflash area provides vast development space for domestic norflash designers, especially the norflash chip.
Figure 2-6: Global netflash main supplier market share in 2016 Figure 2-7: Nandflash vendor market share (out of 2017q1, within 2016q4)
And the price of the 8-inch crystal round continues to rise and the cost effect is rising, light, cypress gradually fades out of the low- and medium-capacity area of Noorflash, and the cypress strategy is directed to the high Maori car and industrial markets, and the lights will sell the 8-inch crystal mill. According to Trendforce, the global output of norflash is about 88,000 pieces/month at 12-inch crystal.
The downstream areas of benefit-making, such as the unled panels, tddi and object-networking are better, and demand for the norflash chip continues to grow at a rapid rate, with a significant increase in product delivery from the main benefit amoled panels, an increase in tddi penetration and an increase in demand for the network of goods.
Noorflash is an essential element of the amoled panel. To maintain the consistency of the panel's display quality, the amoled panel plant reduces the impact of the mura effect through the de-mura code, but the built-in eflash or emtp high suppression process cannot be stored for the time being due to the use of the high-pressure process by the old driveic, and does not coincide with the de-mura coding process.
So the old screen needs an external noorflash to store the de-mura code program and prevent the blue light of the amoled panel from weakening over time. According to media reports, a 5.8-inch version of a new generation of iphones carries the amoled screen from the oled sidenor
Flash needs to grow by 30%. Samsung expects to have at least 480 million noorflash on the global amoled panel in 2017. Witsview predicts that 75 million amoled screens will be needed for Appleiphone8 in 2017. Cnnio says that global amoled smartphone screens in 2016 are about 370 million. On this basis, amoled screens are now measured.
The annual delivery will add 110 million pieces, corresponding to 110 million noorflash, a 30 per cent increase over the same year, and we believe that the demand capacity of noorflash will continue to grow, and the value of the memory needed for a single screen will increase.
tddiic rises, and noorflash is the necessary component. With the rise of in-cell touch panel, the technological evolution of in-cell touch panelic is that two stand-alone panel driveic and touch panelic are gradually integrated into a touch panel to sense the chip tddi (touchwithdisplaydriver), which will simplify and reduce the supply chain system that shows the model manufacturer.
The cost of materials such as fpc. Because the contact function partitioning is more demanding for storage capacity, it is not possible to integrate it into tddiic with the touch control function, so it is necessary to store the tddiic penetration of the contact control function with an extra-record Noorflash. The tddiic penetration rate for in-cell has increased significantly and the demand for norflash has increased rapidly.
The use of tddiic on the in-cell touch panel will increase from 6% in 2016 to 12% in 2017, and the in-cell touch control programme will increase from 26.3% to 29.6%, according to which 43.9 million new norflash needs will be added to tddiic.
Rapid developments in intelligent homes, auto electrons, drones, robots, etc. have led to an increase in demand for norflash. According to cypress, the market for adas systems is expected to grow from $28 million in 2016 to $121 million in 2021, or 28 per cent for cagr. According to prnewswire, smart households will grow from 2017 to 2022 by year.
With a long rate of 11.3 per cent growth, market capacity will reach $79,570 million. According to Marketsandmarkets, the number of drones in global industrial robots will reach 2.6 million in 2019, of which 400,000 will be in China.
Nandflash is the dominant option in large-volume storage markets such as smartphones, tablets, data centres, etc. The larger storage capacity, faster speed of reading and writing, and longer life than noor flash, is at the core of large-scale storage in areas such as big data, cloud computing, and access to the Internet.
Low productivity, high reliability, small size, speed of reading and writing, and wide scope of work. Nandflash’s current driving power is mainly from a large increase in the size of individual smartphone storage, an upgrade of flat-board computer storage, and a gradual replacement of the pc solid hard disk with mechanical hard disks.
The demand for dram, nadflash is strong, and prices have been rising since 2016q4. According to dramexchange, the global dram ring rate increased by 18.2% in 2016, according to a report released by CEN, the 17q1 standard RAM will increase by 15%. Duram, Nandflash prices will continue to rise as the storage industry is highly concentrated.
Global silicon crystal circle output was reported to be 10,738 million square inches in 2016, an increase of 3 per cent in the same year, with a revenue of $7.21 billion, an increase of 1 per cent in the same year. Noorflash continued to raise prices.
The market price of narflash will rise by 20%. According to icinsights, the price of dram will increase by 39% in 2017, and flash is expected to rise by 25%. (iv) The business layout is perfect, and flash prices drive high performance elasticity and certainty.
1. The flash chip continues to raise prices and enter the new landscape cycle. The company is the leading flash chip designer in mainland China, the largest local noorflash designer in the mainland region, and the largest collusive noorflash designer.
The company’s main product is divided into flash chip products and microcontrollers. The flash chip products are mainly noorflash (code-type flash chip) and Nandflash (data-type flash chip).
Intensive consolidation, low-volume product extension connector applications, high-volume products focused on the pc market, reliability products focused on the promotion of motor vehicles, the area of vehicles, the entry of some car manufacturers, participation in the International Union of Vehicle-borne Applications xtrm and increased vehicle semiconductor promotion.
Nodes have been fully upgraded from 0.13 μm to 65 nm with further cost reductions, continued competitiveness increases, and 45 nanoproducts have been steadily advanced (expected production this year), with product capacity covering most capacity types ranging from 512 kb to 512 mb, voltage covering 1.8v, 2.5v, 3.3v, three series of high performance, low power, low cost, etc. for the segmented market and high reliability, high Māori ratio
Noorflash can be used for pc boards, digital machine topboxes, routers, home gateways, security control products, smart household electrical products, cars, etc. The company’s nandflash product capacity continues to increase, and advanced process products progresses.
Technology node achieves volume production, 24nm products are being validated steadily, and products larger than 32gb are being introduced. Product volume covers 1 gb to 8 gb, voltage 3.3v and 1.8v, which are the best embedded application line for domestic product series and applications. The company uses collaboration to cut into the larger, upper emmc, emcp fields for middle- and upper-level mobile phones, flat.
Applications like panels provide solutions. Nandflash can be used extensively for network communications, voice storage, smart television, industrial controls, roof boxes, printers, wearing devices, etc. The company is a flash chip and mcu design company that uses the Fables model, focuses on the design and marketing of the iC, other links.
In contrast to the Idm model, the Fables model is a light asset, a high technology content, and a flexible business strategy. Corporate sales are divided into direct sales and distribution, and sales are dominated by sale breakout. Companies have an internationalized business management team, with customers covering global brand manufacturers such as intel, Tristar, and fine energy.
iii. The mcu layout has been very effective, with products moving to mid-to-high-end areas (i) high-end mcu positioning, rich product types, excellent performance, and a rich mix of corporate mcu products, low-cost, low-power, high-performance.
By the end of 2016, more than 200 models of mcu realized production were supplied, providing a rich cortex-m3mcu programme for industry applications.
Advanced applications such as high-performance computing, graphic image display, etc., are inter-industrial performance leading cortex-m4 kernel mcu. mcu is widely used in areas such as industrial controllers, electromechanics, led graphic displays, security surveillance, sensor networks, drones, consumer electrons, machine arms and object networking devices.
The mcu industry continues to move toward medium- and high-end products. Medium- and low-end products, with 8 mcu gradually replacing 4 mcu and increasing in accuracy, power, peripheral interfaces, memory size, cost, etc. High-end products, 32-bit mcu chips based on the armcorpexm/r series of processors are co-ordinated with the whole system, which is the dominant choice for high-end mcu products. 16-digit mcu prices
The global market for mcu is dominated by European and American Japanese manufacturers. The mcu big plants include nxp+Faisal, Risa, mcrochip+atmel, (ii) higher demand for electronics and industrial controls for the benefit of automobiles, increased volume of mcu, markets
The global volume of mcu exports and the size of the market will continue to grow. The number of network nodes brought about by the rapid growth of the beneficial access network, the increase in the penetration of automobiles and electronics and the strong demand for automation equipment in industry at 4.0 per cent. According to icinsights, global mcu exports will increase from about 22.1 billion in 2015 to about 26.7 billion by 2020, and market capacity will increase from around 2015 to around 26.7 billion by 2020.
With an increase of $15.9 billion to $20.9 billion in 2020, the average unit price of mcu will increase from $0.72 in 2015 to a sustained increase in the size of the global market for industrial electronics, automobiles and data centres in 2020.mcu penetration in the networking of goods continues to increase.
Autoelectronics will be an important growth area for mcu. As car electron penetration rises, mcu will gradually be applied to car entertainment, safety, comfort, etc. ihs expect to reach mcu chip size in 2017.
$6.579 billion, an increase of 10 per cent over the same period.iv. Outward access to the dram market, ipo fund-raising project plus master (i) plans to acquire Beijing sturgeon and enter the dram market, enriching the storage product lines.
It is proposed to purchase 100% of Beijing’s sorghum by issuing shares and paying cash, and to raise additional matching funds. The Bulcon semiconductor company (hereinafter “Beijing’s Xingzing”) owns wholly-owned subsidiaries such as issi (cayman) and issi (us), which were originally listed by NASDAQ and is to be privatized by the end of 2015.
The transaction price for the purchase of 100 per cent of Beijing ' s shareholdings is $6.5 billion, and the company intends to issue a non-public share to pay for this transaction not more than $1.83 billion, to be used to pay for the cash exchange of this purchase (to be invested in $1.548 billion), emmc 5.0/emcp 5.0 embedded flash (4g-16g) solution development project (to be invested in $200 million), in the current transaction
Agency fees (to be invested in $823.9 million). Considering that the company implemented a profit distribution programme for 2016 on 23 May 2017 (10 Beijing Xingsung and his subsidiaries ' main business is the development, design support and marketing of integrated circuit storage chips, four major products include storage devices such as dram, sram, flash, analog and simulation chip products, whose products are widely applied)
Specialized areas such as automobile electronics, communications equipment, industrial manufacturing, medical equipment, and consumer electronics, the market for the product is more dynamic than Beijing's stubble, with higher performance commitments over the next three years. In January-September 2016, Beijing’s stubble harvest was announced, after deducting the impact of the pa amortization and related income tax, Beijing’s stubble is expected to achieve net withdrawals throughout 2016.
The net profit following the audit of 2017-2019 was $299 million and 4.42 Beijing was a clear competitive advantage. The sis has a rich and mature operating experience, relatively complete and stable overseas marketing channel, with its stored chip products having a significant advantage in low-capacity, low-cost, high-integration, and high safety.
Similarly, the Fabless Chip Design Enterprise, which is a small asset, is able to perform research and development expertise, optimize chip design service experience, focus on specialized areas such as farming industry, automobiles, etc., and avoid the risk of significant capital input and asset depreciation in manufacturing equipment, production streaming, process development, etc.
The cost sensitivity of production, the low involvement of tristar electrons, sk Hercules, and U.S. Light Technology in this area has led to a combination of the rich design experience of the storage chips in Beijing, the provision of customized products for customers in specialized areas, and the annual increase in the share of sram and dram in Beijing.
The products of zirconium sram were ranked second in the global sram market (after Sapras in the United States), with shares of 13.75 per cent, 15.72 per cent and 17.66 per cent, respectively, showing an upward trend from year to year; the products of Beijing strontium dram were ranked eighth in the global dram market in 2014, 2015 and January to September 2016, with shares of 0.46 per cent, 0.46 per cent and 0.56 per cent, respectively, still showing an upward trend from year to year.
After being acquired by the Chinese consortium in 2015, Beijing has stepped up its efforts to invest in the automobile chip market, making some breakthroughs in the areas of automobiles, electronic applications, network communications, etc., and forging cooperative intentions with many of the country's well-known dealers in specialized fields. The trend is towards rapid growth in the integrated circuit industry in China, with new products entering the production phase, analog and flash.
The chip collection will grow rapidly, and the areas of automobile electronics, network communications, etc., will become a new growth point for Beijing. We believe that the company is mainly engaged in flash memory chip designs, sis focusing on dram and sram and flash storage chip designs (especially dram and sram) and, with the acquisition of Beijing stubs, the company and Beijing stubs will become customers’ resources and sales.
Channelrs will complement each other by selling their products to their issi clients, and vice versa, by effectively integrating products, operations, research and development resources, and by transforming companies into internationally leading drams and srams and flash full-asset chip suppliers, with more diverse and comprehensive product types and wider sales radius to mainstream regions around the globe, such as Europe and America and Asia and the Pacific.
The company intends to invest in the North Tang Hua Creative Investment Centre (the limited partnership) by paying RMB 200 million, with an initial contribution of RMB 100 million.
The total size of the capital fund is $2.23 billion, which focuses on direct equity investments in integrated circuits and related areas projects. We believe that this investment by companies is mainly based on the investment capacity of professional institutions, making full use of the advantages of resources, further improving the company’s industrial layout, digging and fostering high-quality integrated circuit projects, and enhancing the company’s overall competitiveness.
(ii) ipo plus flash chip industry, product upgrades, net fund-raising of $516,529,300.00 for noor flash technology and product adaptation projects (to be invested $160 million), Nand flash technology development/application and industrialization projects (to be invested $204 million), 32 places through the Armcorpex-m series
We believe that flash chips and generic mcu chips are priority products supported by the national strategy, and that the current fund-raising project will be successful.
A major breakthrough in the flash market will further enhance the firm’s core competitiveness. In the context of the continued rise in price of chip national production waves and flash chips, the company will continue to benefit from the noorflash market, where the beauty and the three stars fade out of the netflash market.
The company has core technology such as spi high-speed data interface technology, 65 nmnorflash ultra-high-tech design technology, fully customized noorlash design technology, noorflash memory removal and writing technology, layout management technology, low-power norflash chip design technology.
We believe that this project will further reduce the size of the norflash chip, increase its clock frequency and code performance efficiency, increase the density and quantity of chips on the unit size crystal circle, further reduce manufacturing costs, and build a noorflash with better reading and writing performance, greater capacity and lower power.
The company will continue to develop 3x/2xnm up to and including advanced Nandflash technology to develop a more robust and functional series of nanoflash chips and integrated application solutions to further refine the nandflash product lines, based on the original Nandflash product lines.
The flash memory chip market, along with the deployment of applications such as emmc, ssd, is consistent with the trend of intelligent storage products and large-volume markets. The project is being built over a period of three years.
We believe that the implementation of this project will continue to improve the competitiveness of companies in Nandflash, achieve a major breakthrough in the design of national production storage units in Nandflash, and achieve global leadership in some product areas.
Based on the 32-bit generic mcu chip development and industrialization project in the Armcorpex-m series. The project focuses on the development of mcu chips and interfaces for different applications (including the mcu software platform: standard outer reservoirs) and the development of 55 nm and the following process node mcu chips to further refine and supplement the 110 nm process mcu product series, based on the original product lines.
The company has mcu bus technology, interface technology, rsc command set technology based on the arm structure, current waterline technology, memory mapping technology, low-power technology. We believe that the implementation of this project will further upgrade the technology of mcu, enrich the mcu product line and expand the new application market.
The project focuses on the establishment of a new non-lossy storage laboratory, a next-generation Nandflash storage laboratory, and a next-generation storage test technology laboratory. The project is being built over a period of two years and includes research on key technologies for new non-lossy storage units, research on key technologies for next-generation Nandflash storage units, and testing of next-generation storage devices.
We believe that the implementation of this project will effectively deploy the next generation of storage front-line technology, further reduce the technological gap with global brand storage manufacturers, fill gaps in domestic storage technology development and reduce the costs of testing the scale of corporate products.
The company is the world’s leading supplier of flash chip and microcontrollers, and continues to roll high-value flash chip and microcontrol product, benefiting from the tight supply of flash chip and the continued price hikes brought about by the growing demand. The acquisition of Beijing platinum will fill the company’s gap in the dram product line and achieve cross-cutting development, with significant synergies.
A step towards enriching the company’s product lines and continuously improving the competitiveness of the company’s products. We expect the company’s business growth to be as follows: 1; fluctuations in the prices of raw materials, such as crystals; 2; flash prices less than expected; 3; slow progress in acquisitions.
JUNG Ping, head of the tmt group. Doctor of Management, China People’s University, head of the business college of China Petroleum University, and head of the business college of China, Ba ' a, entrepreneurship mentor of the Central National University; with nearly 10 years of experience in research in the field of tmt, China joined the NLD securities in 2016. Hu Xiaoyi, assistant in electronics research. Master’s degree in microelectronics and solid electronics from Beijing University, Bachelor of Microelectronics from Beijing University, and in 2016, China’s NLD securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence.