The South Mountain Aluminium Industry (600219.sh) depth reports that the South Mountain Aluminium Industry, by virtue of its own industrial chain advantage, is committed to the transition to high-value-added products.
Aluminium for tight layout aviation, aluminium for light-quantified automobiles, ultra thin aluminum, the future company Mao, the limited public interest rate and operating income for the energy industry in Shandong, are expected to rise further.
The introduction of the aluminium-based project, which will lead to a low-cost expansion of aluminium oxide production capacity, has been partially operational for 18 years and will be further released for 19 years, which will directly help the company to reduce its dependence on raw materials and reduce the impact of the price volatility of bauxite on the company’s profits.
The company’s profitability and competitiveness are expected to increase further. Construction projects are being phased in to enhance the company’s profitability and competitiveness: the market value of the company’s Bintanán circulationa share in Indonesia (millions of yuan)
The completion of the 1 million tonnes Aluminium Oxide project at the Mountain Industrial Park will enable the company to expand its oxygen production capacity at lower cost and provide firm raw material security for the company.
In addition, the company has increased its investment in the remodelling of aluminium alloy production line, which has been in place for 15 years, to further enhance the production capacity of high-end products, improve the product structure, and anticipate future corporate profitability.
Research and development for higher value-added products, with future revenues and profits expected to increase further: an increase of 55.11 per cent over 18 years in corporate R & D inputs, and a drive for light quantification of automobiles
The company now has well-known clients in the Boeing, Airflies, Bombardy, etc., as the global new energy automobile industry and the aerospace industry are fast growing.
The company’s future harvest and profits are expected to increase further. Bauxite supply is tight, and the company’s entire chain is dominant: the company has now formed a complete composition from thermal power - aluminium oxide - aluminium electrolytic - molten cast (aluminium material/heated roll-cooling-cooling/opinion)
Production lines. The domestic supply of aluminium oxide is still tight, and the company ' s full-chain advantage provides a good basis for the company to evaluate the low-cost operation of _aaa.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: We expect that in 19-21 years, the net return profits of the company will be: Song Jiangbo Risk factors: friction risks in Central American trade, persistent low risks in electrolysis aluminium prices, tax policy and tax policy
The South Mountain aluminium industry, by virtue of its own industrial chain advantage, is committed to the transition to higher-value-added products and has stepped up the deployment of aluminium for aviation.
In the future, the company will expand its low-cost aluminium oxide capacity with the production of a 100-ton aluminium oxide project in Indonesia, which has been partially operational in 18 years, and will be further released in 19 years, reducing the company’s raw materials.
In the future, companies’ profitability and competitiveness are expected to increase further. Investors usually view the South Mountain aluminium industry as a leader in aluminum-stuffing, and in fact, it should be noted that companies do.
Aluminium production in the whole industry chain is a leading enterprise in the upstream aluminium oxide project, which guarantees companies low-cost access to electrolytic aluminium. The company is currently intensifying its research and development on high-value-added products and is working to promote automobile technology development for light-quantifiable aluminium production, aeronautical aluminium development, canning product technology development, ultra thin aluminum products.
The company now has well-known clients in the Boeing, Airfarers, Bombardy, etc., and is expected to increase its future revenue and profits further as the global new energy automobile industry and the aerospace industry progress. Progress on the Aluminium Oxide project in Indonesia, new production lines, high volatility in electrolytic aluminium prices, downstream demand.
China-US trade frictions, national environmental policy adjustments, and national tax policy adjustments. The risks of trade frictions between China and the United States, persistently low prices for electrolytic aluminium, tax policy and exchange rate risks, environmental risks, and less advanced R&D than expected.
On 23 December 1992, the South Mountain Aluminium Industry was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and built gradually with electricity, aluminium oxide and electricity.
The company’s main products are upstream electricity, aluminium oxide, aluminum alloys, downstream aluminium plates, pressurized, pressurized, etc.
The products are used mainly for the processing of airboards, motor panels, aluminium for new energy vehicles, high-speed trains, railway freight trains, medium-loaded board for ships, tankers, vans, urban subways, passenger cars, power rods, aluminium shoals, high-end aluminium plastic panels, power batteries, food soft packaging, cigarette packaging,
Medical packagings, air conditioners, cans, high-end ps foundations, curtain walls, aluminium alloy windows, containers, 30 electronics and large-scale, in recent years, the company has extended to high-tech, high-value-added products, relying on its complete aluminium industry chain, and has made significant breakthroughs in high-performance special aluminium alloy materials, such as airboards, motor panels and so forth, with Boeing, empty passengers, merchants.
Over 18 years, the company’s high-end manufacturing strategy continued to make major breakthroughs and long-term orders with the world’s top-class mainframe. While developing, certifying, and producing high-end aluminium materials, the company actively promoted, implemented a sophisticated processing strategy, continued to extend the industrial chain and moved forward.
In the area of higher-value-added aviation spare parts, during the vanborough International Fair 16-22 July 2018, the company signed a formal joint venture cooperation contract with the French Space Group, which marks the formal establishment of a strategic partnership between the two sides in all its aspects, with the next step that the parties will jointly invest in the construction of deep-processed air components in the company's aviation materials estate.
Production lines, which provide spare parts for the production of international aircraft manufacturers and large domestic aircraft. The company implemented the 1 million tons aluminium oxide project at the Bintanan Mountain Industrial Park, Indonesia, through the layout of its offshore indirect holding subsidiary, Bai (ptbintanaluminaindonesia, Global Aluminium Holdings).
The project is planned for 1 million tonnes/year of aluminium oxide production in Bintan, the province of Siyalyon Islands. When completed, the company will be able to produce aluminium oxide from Indonesia’s rich bauxite and coal resources, achieve lower-cost aluminium oxide capacity expansion, enhance the profitability of the company and further increase its resilience to risks.
Chart 1: The company's aluminium industry chain The company holds shareholders in the South Mountain Group, which holds a direct share of 23.72 per cent and a total share of 47.25 per cent through the Elite Power Company. The main shareholders in the South Mountain Group are the Village Village Committee in the town of Dongjiang, Longguchi.
According to Sky-Eye, the village council of Nanshan village holds 51% of the shares of the Nanshan group. Another 49% of the shares are in Song's main business for the development, production, processing and sale of aluminium and aluminum alloy products, which have now formed a complete line of production from thermoelectric - aluminium oxide - aluminium electrolytic - molten casting (aluminum material/heated roll-cold roll-stretch/stamp).
The main division is made up of cold-roll products, aluminium products, materials, and hot rolls, which account for 80% of the company’s total revenues. Over the last three years, except for the year-on-year decline in the soybean harvest, the rest of the major products have seen a year-on-year trend, with overall profits falling, but it can be seen that the whole is still at an all-time high.
In 2018, as a result of United States sanctions on aluminium, alumina strikes, and a reduction in production in Heidelough, Brazil, there was a shortage of alumina supplies abroad, a shortage of ore supplies in Shanxi and Henan due to environmental monitoring, and pressure on domestic aluminium oxide supplies, which kept aluminium oxide prices high in 2018. So, the company's aluminum oxide product was profitable.
The company’s aluminum product, which has declined over the same period in the previous year, is largely subject to lower prices in the aluminium market and higher prices for raw materials. It is worth noting that the company will be able to benefit from the completion of the 1 million tons of aluminum oxide project at its Bintanan Mountain Industrial Park in Indonesia.
Production of aluminium oxide from Indonesia’s rich local bauxite and coal resources, expansion of lower-cost aluminium oxide production capacity, enhancement of the profitability of companies, and provision of firm raw material security for companies. Current pre-project port construction and land, in terms of both domestic and foreign operations, the company’s domestic operations remain steadily expanding, but due to domestic industry
There has been a decline in the gross Maori rate of products due to competitive pressures in the industry, increased scientific inputs and higher marketing costs; however, foreign operations in the corporate world have shown an accelerated growth trend and a steady increase in profitability.Aluminium is a non-ferrous metal that is second only to steel in production and use in the world and has a variety of good performances, especially aluminium alloys.
With low densities, high intensity, good plastics, and excellent conductivity, heat conductivity and corrosivity, they can be widely applied in various sectors, such as building decorations, food packagings, household appliances, transport, aerospace and electronic communication, as essential building blocks for the development of the national economy and the improvement of the people’s material and cultural living standards.
The demand for aluminium continues to grow as the country’s aviation, automobile, construction, and so on. Our aluminium production grew year by year in 2012-2017, but it slowed down, falling slightly in 18 years compared to 17 years, but remained high overall.
2.1 Upstream aluminium oxide market - tight supply, high price shocks Aluminium, US sanctions in 2018, a strike on aluminium, and a reduction in production in Hedru, Brazil. There is a shortage of aluminium oxide supplies abroad, insufficient supply of ore in Shanxi, Henan, etc. due to environmental monitoring situation in the country, Aluminium oxide in the country.
There should also be some tension, which caused the price of aluminium oxide to remain high in 2018. As the supply of home-grown bauxite continues to be strained, individual inland enterprises shift part of their raw materials to the importing market, giving preference to the import of high-temperature mines, and the Guinea-based low-temperature mines have been certified through individual enterprise production processes.
For aluminium oxide plants in Shanxi and in the south of the river, although the importation of bauxite can resolve some short-term supply contradictions that can be used to replace home-grown mines, production costs for aluminium oxide have increased significantly due to higher inland transport costs, contributing to an increase in the price of aluminium oxide.
With the strengthening of environmental trends in the country, the decline in the grade of bauxite ore and the upward movement in price costs, aluminium oxide, which is partly dependent on home-grown minerals, will gradually be converted into imported minerals, and the import of bauxite from China will be increasing each year.
The overall low price shock, which continued to rebound early in the year, followed by an overall drop in aluminium prices in 2018, and the continuing changes in the external environment as the main catalyst for the change in performance in 2018. The expectation of a sharp reduction in the supply end of the heating season, combined with the traditional spring seasons of consumption, was dashed.
In early April 2018, the US imposed sanctions on aluminium, causing a panic in the supply sector, and rum and aluminum went up and down. The fallback of the US system slowed down and aluminium prices fell, but downstream consumption went down to a small season.
The negative effects of the continuous escalation of frictions, the tight supply of bauxite, aluminium strikes and the tightening of domestic environmental policies are beginning to be felt. The continuing weakness of the macro-economy has held up end-market consumption, the traditional “Golden 9 silver 10” in the season has not produced the desired results, downstream consumption has noticeably weakened, adding to the expected sharp contraction of production limits at year's end, and aluminium prices have run out.
A wave of cost-driven ups and downs. Aluminium oxide prices are weakening after the fourth quarter, while trade frictions between Central America and the United States are rising again, and while output cuts are greater than the rate of new production, it is not as pessimistic as the market expects, industry losses continue to expand and aluminium prices re-enter the lower route. Since January 2019, trade friction between China and the United States has eased, with non-ferrous metal prices.
Aluminium prices continue to rise as a whole. 2.3 The overall demand for the market for aluminium downstream has stabilized, and in recent years, as the country ' s massive capital investment and industrialization process have progressed rapidly, the country ' s aluminium consumption has continued to rise.
Annual growth. Domestic aluminium consumption now accounts for more than 50% of total global consumption, with a greater impact on global demand for aluminium. Among these, domestic construction, transport, etc., are the main areas of aluminium consumption.
Economic data indicators, such as automobile sales, fall short of market expectations, macroeconomic weakness has had a negative impact on downstream aluminium consumption, and aluminium production has declined; on the other hand, domestic aluminium export data have outpaced market expectations and overall demand has grown at an overall rate throughout the year, influenced by factors such as low aluminum ratios and trade friction expectations, which have boosted export activity in the short term.
The future transformation of aluminium-processing enterprises will focus on high-value-added products, such as high iron, automobiles, aviation, etc., where equipment and technology will become more and more advanced, but at the industry level, there are no signs of a fundamental change in the overcapacity of low-value-added aluminium products, and the strong competition with the industry has led to market prices.
Volatility; high-value-added products affected by higher capital inputs, higher technical barriers and high market demand, among other things, sales prices. In addition to expanding product varieties and improving the quality of products in traditional areas such as transport and construction, China's aluminium industry has promoted “aluminium steel” and has vigorously developed major structures such as automobiles, high iron, aircraft and bridges.
Products: Development of innovative technologies such as aluminium furniture, using the characteristics of aluminium recyclable reuse; Promotion of products such as aluminium cables, using the characteristics of aluminium conductivity and economic value, which have been widely recognized by the community and have produced substantial results that have contributed to the sustained and rapid growth of aluminium consumption.
Expanding the use of aluminium in new and emerging areas, and vigorously developing individualized demand products, such as aluminum air batteries, nanoceramic aluminium, etc., began to move from R & D to industrialization and will gradually become a new consumer growth point.
In June 2018, the South Mountain Aluminium Industry and Peaking Systems Ltd. (Safranlanding Systems) landing gears, and the signing ceremony for the contract for the supply of exercise materials were held at the South Mountain Waters Garden exhibition. It is understood that the Limited Department of Peaking and Crashing Systems is the world's leading provider of landing gear, brake systems and provides landing gear and brake systems for the aircraft.
Designing, producing, and supporting services. More than 27,000 aircraft use the products of the Peaking and Falling System every day. The contract marks the approval of the world’s leading aircraft component manufacturing company, and augurs well for the rapid start of Nansan Building, which will become a world-class aviation model, especially flying.
In July 2018, the South Mountain Aluminium Industry was participating in the Van Burrow International Air Fair, where the company signed a formal joint venture contract with the French Space Group, which announced the establishment of the South Mountain Space Industries Company.
The industry's leading supplier of deep-processed aeronautical materials, which provides high-quality aeronautical spare parts products to the world's mainstream aircraft mainframes, such as aircrews and Boeing, has worked in recent years to further improve the global market layout, which is highly compatible with the development strategy of the South Mountain aluminium industry, which is “newly driven, high-end manufactured, highly processed.”
Prominent aviation engine manufacturer Rolls-royce (Roro Corporation) has signed a contract for the supply of the axle-based exercise products, further expanding their supply range. As the backbone of the South Mountain aluminium industry, Nanshan Plumbing Company, has world-class production equipment and is equipped to develop and produce high-tech, high-value-added aluminium alloys, titanium alloys, titanium alloys, titanium alloys, titanium alloys, titanium alloys, titanium alloys, titanium alloys, titanium alloys, etc.
The production capacity of high-temperature alloys and high-intensity structural steel is covered by high-end equipment such as aerospace, ships, petrochemicals, orbital, transport, and energy. Rolo is one of the world’s three largest air engine producers and the largest air engine company in Europe, with strict criteria for supplier selection.
The company signed a contract for the supply of axle-type exercise materials, showing that the overall management level, technological capabilities and quality of the product of Nanshan Plumbing had been highly recognized by the company, and that it was preparing the ground for further deepening and broadening the scope of cooperation between the parties in the future.
There are only a handful of European and American companies around the world that can produce the product. With years of technological deposition and stringent regulation, the South Mountain aluminium industry has become a critical force in the wing structure, which plays a vital role in the safe operation of the aircraft.
China’s first company to qualify for production of this material in 100 years of civil aviation. A series of breakthroughs in the area of aeronautical materials in the South Mountain aluminium industry in recent years will provide a solid basis for the nationalization of critical materials from large national aircraft.
Delivery and acceptance of products. Air and Space Materials Inc. of Tisenkamp (tmx) conducted a performance assessment of the supply of the South Mountain aluminium industry from 1 May to 31 October 2018 and a household satisfaction survey from 1 July 2018 to 31 December 2018, 100% delivery of the Boeing product on time and 100% acceptance of the certification, overall performance assessment rating
For 100%, rated as gold, of which four client satisfaction surveys were rated excellent. The South Mountain aluminium industry and Boeing have achieved such excellent results in just one year, which is extremely rare among all suppliers in the world. This is an important reflection of the company’s transformational upgrading and efficiency, and marks a new level of development of the company’s aluminium materials for aviation.
As can be seen, the South Mountain aluminium industry is guided by the strategic development approach of “innovation-driven, high-end manufacturing, deep processing” and continues to favour high-technology, high-value-added products. Actively pursuing supply-side structural reforms, fostering new development dynamics, breaking the foreign monopoly of technology, filling the domestic market gap, and meeting the country's fast-growing aviation and automobile industry.
Development needs. After years of market opening and technological accumulation, the company has moved from traditional goods to high-end industrial goods, becoming the world ' s best-equipped, most technologically advanced aluminium producer and processing company with the highest processing capacity in the country. For 18 years, the company has accelerated the development and certification of airboards and motor panels and has become a domestic company.
The first aluminium-processing enterprise, which is officially supplied by aircraft manufacturing and parts processing companies such as Boeing, Airfarers, Loro, Sai Feng and China Aviation Industries, has continued to grow, with orders for bulk deliveries from well-known domestic and international car mainframes such as BMW, General, Chirre, and the world-renowned new energy automobiles.
3.2 Increased R & D investment, innovation-driven, technology-led companies have the only national research and development detection platform in the aluminium industry, such as the National Centre for Aluminium Pressure Processing Engineering in China, the National Centre for Technology in Enterprises, the Nansan Institute for Aeronautical Materials, and the Aerial Aluminium Materials Testing Centre:
To establish close cooperation in production and research with China ' s Beijing Institute of Aviation Materials, China ' s Institute of Commercial Space Aircraft Design in Shanghai, Beijing ' s General Institute of Research, Shan Dong University, Chinanan University, Northeast University, etc., and to bring a team of first-class technical experts from Europe and America, to bring in a technical advisory team on motor panels from Europe, and to build the world ' s best foreign countries.
After many years of development and sedimentation, the company has built a hard-core and pragmatic cadre of science and technology, with a solid foundation in basic theory, practice, etc., and through the leadership of a team of experts from abroad and collaboration in production and research, it has achieved a combination of cutting-edge and fundamental research, theory and practice in science and technology research and development.
R & D of key-commodity technologies and the precision power of autonomous intellectual property product development have laid a solid foundation for future research and development of high-tech, high-value-added products such as aviation, automobiles. In response to the needs of companies in transition, corporate investment in scientific research increased by 55.11% in 2018, and research funding continued.
Increasing technological exchanges with research institutes, the introduction of peer-to-peer technical expertise, the strengthening of technical research and development, and the continuous strengthening of the development of a back-up pool of skilled personnel, the acquisition of core and critical technologies for the quantitative production of high-end aluminium materials through the introduction of high-level professionals, technological innovations, new technologies and new equipment applications.
The company’s current product consists of both basic products such as aluminium oxide, alloy ingots, and high-end processed products such as materials, aluminum, cold heat rolls, and exercise. Depending on the advantage of a mature industrial chain, the product is extended to deeper downstream processing. On the traditional side of the product, the company has always maintained the industry’s leading position: in the case of aluminium oxide, the company has a metal-grade production technology for alumina oxide.
Aluminium-based products are transformed from construction materials to industrial materials, consolidating and increasing the proportion of high-value-added aluminium-based products such as orbital transport, and actively developing aluminium alloyed materials and deep-processed parts and components suitable for high-end areas such as aviation and automobiles.
At the same time, companies are actively pushing for structural adjustment and transformation upgrades, taking stock of the lack of high-end aluminium materials, developing high-performance batteries, motor panels, airboards, etc., to break the monopoly and fill the country.
In the case of aluminum products, there has been a marked increase in the market share of battery-plate products based on increased cooperation with existing customers; in the case of motor panels and air-plate products, there is an urgent need to develop new suppliers for the major automobiles, aviation-hosting plants, and the South Mountain aluminium industry, which is timely and responsive to the times, pre-positioning cars and shipping.
The company has been focusing on basic core technology, constantly moving up the value chain, and has been able to give clients assurances in terms of prices, quantity, services and turnovers, and is currently the first country to produce bulk quantities of aluminium in four cars, and the first in several countries to supply aluminium deep processing for the world ' s top aircraft manufacturers.
The diversification of corporate products, covering the various segments of aluminium processing, effectively enhances the competitiveness of firms by meeting their clients’ demand for different processes of aluminium materials. As the structure of the company’s products is optimized, the Māori rate of future corporate products is expected to increase further.
In addition, the company owns a complete aluminium processing industrial chain (aluminium/heat-roll-cool-roll/stamp) of the only region in the world with thermal power, aluminium oxide-aluminium electrolyte-melting, with a short transport radius within 45 square kilometres of land, which ensures the highest possible level of timely supply and product quality of upstream and downstream raw materials during the production process, and efficient energy savings, energy losses,
Waste loss, reduced transportation costs, etc. 3.4 Post-natal projects under construction are expected to reduce company costs and further increase company productivity and profitability.
The main products of the project are divided into two main series of medium sheeting and sheet belts. Of these, the medium plate series covers mainly aeronautical panels, shipboard panels, model panels, container tank panels, orbital vehicle panels, etc. The package series covers mainly aviation sheets, motor panels, hull panels, welding panels, etc.
The company is currently working on projects such as the 1 million-ton aluminium oxide project, the 140,000-ton-year sophisticated model exercise project, the remodelling of aluminium production lines, and the production of high-resilient aluminum alloys for aerospace use.
Indonesia’s 1 million-ton aluminium oxide project at Bintanan Mountain Industrial Park is being implemented by the company’s offshore indirect holding subsidiary, Bai, and is located on the island of Bintán, in the Indonesian province of the Rione Islands. Indonesia is rich in bauxite and coal, concentrating its resources and energy resources on two major advantages, and has the natural advantage of developing the aluminium industry. The bauxite mine is our country.
Our bauxite deposits are currently concentrated in Shanxi, Guangxi, etc., while the company's bauxite mines depend mainly on imports from countries such as Australia and Solomon Island, and when completed, the company will be able to produce aluminium oxide from Indonesia's rich local bauxite and coal resources, thereby reducing raw materials.
The impact of import restrictions and price fluctuations on the production of companies, the expansion of lower-cost aluminium oxide production capacity, the enhancement of the profitability of companies and further improvements in their resilience to risks.
The Aluminium industry in Nansan is usually considered to be a aluminium-stuffing company, but companies also have upstream aluminium-smelting projects. There are currently more aluminium-stuffing companies in the country, mainly in Jiangsu, Guangdong, Zhejiang, Shandong, etc. From figure 16, we can see that competition in the domestic aluminium-stuffing market is intense. There are eight aluminium-smelting companies in Jiangsu province alone.
Among the top 10 listed companies in the aluminium industry are Chinese aluminium, Yuna, Idea, Goldilocks, Shinjia, and Aromatics. The top 10 listed companies in the aluminium industry are Chinese aluminium, Yuna, Nanshan Aluminium, Shinjia, East Sun, Mingtai Aluminium, Dynasty, Fireworks, Xinjiang, and Asia-Pacific Technology.
The nearest companies are China's aluminium industry, China's Aluminium shares, the Ming Thai industry, Asia-Pacific technology, but there are more or less differences with these companies due to the whole industry chain characteristics of the Nansan aluminium industry. In terms of stock valuations, the market value of the top 10 shares in companies listed in the aluminium industry is negative.
After the number of shares, it is clear that the pe value of the South Mountain aluminium industry is in the middle of the industry, but below average, and that the company alone has the potential to be underestimated.
Figure 17: Aluminium in Nansan is lower than industry averages, in terms of corporate profitability: the company’s total revenue continues to grow, but it is influenced by 18 years of low aluminium prices, expansion of international operations, increased sales earnings, increased R & D inputs, and lower corporate profitability compared to industry companies.
Figure 20: Māori sales in the South Mountain Aluminium industry have declined
Figure 22: Increases in sales and financial costs in the South Mountain aluminium industry, in terms of corporate cost control: the company’s sales and management costs are relatively high, which has a bearing on its 18 years of active expansion of domestic and international operations.
In terms of solvency, the South Mountain aluminium industry has lower asset-liability ratios and lower debt-servicing pressures, although the difference in asset-liability ratios is also related to the scope of the company’s business. It is generally considered that the liquidity ratio should be 2:1 and the speed ratio 1:1
Above, the South Mountain aluminium industry has a speed ratio of 2.38 and a speed ratio of 1.81, which is more reasonable than that of other companies. The South Mountain aluminium industry has a multiple interest guarantee of 13.09, 8.98, and 7.74 in cash flow for 16-18 years, respectively, which is gradually declining as a result of higher interest rates on corporate loans.
This is related to the company’s active expansion. Moreover, there is a certain cyclical nature of corporate profits, which is related to changes in the inventory cycle in the aluminium industry, but it is clear that the company’s profits have remained at a high level for the last three years, thanks to a shift to overvalued products and lower acquisition costs of electrolytic aluminium.
In general, companies show high profitability, solvency, and steady and sustained growth, as well as a sound financial structure, in inter-occupational comparisons.
China-US trade frictions, national environmental policy adjustments, and national tax policy adjustments. China-US trade friction risks, persistent low prices of electrolytic aluminium, tax policy and exchange rate risks, environmental risks, research
Progress is not as high as expected.