On the night of December 13, the company issued a notice on the purchase of philpsdodgecongos.a.r.l.95% of the company's wholly-owned subsidiary nreit acquired jenny with $550 million of its own money.
Indirectly, 100 per cent of the shares of esast and kisanfu have been obtained from large reserves and high quality copper cobalt deposits in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Kisanfu), which are expected to punctuate the industry leaders. Kisanfu copper cobalt deposits are large copper cobalt deposits located 33 km south-west of the company ' s tenke copper cobalt mine.
fcx holds 95% interest in the copper cobalt mine through pdc, while the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo holds an additional 5% interest.
About 365 million tons of ores, with an average copper grade of approximately 1.72 per cent, with copper containing approximately 6.28 million tons of metals, cobalt parity, with an average grade of about 0.85 per cent, and cobalt-containing metals of about 3.1 million tons. In the case of cobalt metals, both in terms of resource reserves and in terms of resource quality, the kisanfu Cobalt (3.1 million tons) is better than the Luoyang magma industry itself.
tfm (2.49 million tons), mutanda copper cobalt ore (2.16 million tons) and Kantaga copper or cobalt ore (2.55 million tons) have great potential for resource development. After the acquisition, the amount of copper ore in the Luoyang industry is expected to rise from 23.29 million tons to 29,256,000 tons, an increase of 25.6 per cent, and the amount of cobalt ore deposits in the field is expected to increase from 23.29 million tons.
The Mutanda Cobalt and Kantaga Cobalt Mines have become the vanguards of the copper-cobalt metals segmentation industry, while at the same time developing sufficient strategic reserves for the new domestic energy sector.
The company acquired high-quality mineral resources, such as kisanfu copper and cobalt, and actively followed a two-wheel-driven business growth model, “Intra-demand growth + external-source expansion.” The company acquired tfm in 2016, significantly raising the potential for mineral resource development through a series of management measures, and made copper available in 2019.
Cobalt production was 1.61 million tons, 17.8 million tons, and the cap on planned capacity for 2020 could be reached for research assistants: 1.70 million tons and 200,000 tons, respectively.
The construction of facilities and coordination with the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the local authorities have built up a wealth of experience in mine management and a stronger capacity for offshore resource development for companies to the greatest extent possible to guarantee the smooth conduct of their exploration of overseas resources.
1- Hua-An-Secret_Study _Assessment Report _ Luoyang Molybdenum (603993): Mitigation of the effects of the skirmishes, mining companies through the acquisition of the Congolese superscale kisanfu copper and cobalt mine, with a further reserve of copper and cobalt resources.
At the same time, the company is expected to take full advantage of the existing experience of overseas mining operations and to achieve full synergies, and we therefore believe that the company ' s future performance can be sustained over a period of steady growth, maintaining the company ' s risk of operating offshore mines by 2020-2022; that the project exploration and exploitation process is less than expected; and that the copper and cobalt needs are less than expected.
The data and information used in this report, using legally compliant information, are made available independently and objectively. The information and opinions contained in the report are provided only for the purpose of public information in the market. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way.
Reference. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.