During the first half of the year, the performance of the company was pressured, and the porcelain look was expected: the company released its medium-term performance report for 2017, which achieved business income of $1.31 billion in the first half of the year, a fall in revenue compared to the same year, and the price reduction strategy eroded profits: the company achieved sales revenue of $1.31 billion in the first half of 2017.
The sharp fall in the price of fibre-optic plugs for the main products of the Division was the main reason for the decline in the first half of the year, with different degrees of downwards in the price of fibre-optic plugs and finger-line recognition of ceramic chips, resulting in a certain erosion of net profits. The company’s market occupancy rate was raised, and its leading position in the area of communications was consolidated.
A 53.6 per cent decline, a 1.6 percentage point decline in Māori, and a proactive corporate strategy to compete for fibre-optic core products to further increase market ownership, with a sharp drop in product sales prices being the main reason for the decline in income.
Point. The market demand for crystal frequency elements is high, the company ' s ceramic envelope base products are in short supply, fingerprints are identified. The system uses functional ceramic chips to enter the first-line supply chain of millet, oppo, vivo, and Hua, and orders are full, but the price of the product is falling behind the Māori rate. The revenue from electronic component materials is 14.3% higher, with Māori rates being the same.
There is a great potential for future ceramics: the company did not disclose its performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2017, the main potential for future development comes from the company’s currently market-recognized ceramics products, and the company owns the powder.
The ability to form, burn, process back to surface vertically integrated manufacturing, and establish a joint venture with a rich and sophisticated company for the production of ceramic visuals, which is expected to improve. In addition, the rapid layout of the 5g communications chain is expected to increase.
The company’s products are currently being used in three rings: a robust performance in 2016, and a new product.
The engine, with the release of capacity and the improvement of good performance, will be a bright spot in the growth of the company. Three rings: the year-round performance is robust, and the look brings with it three rings: hands in hand, hands in hand, and finely constructed ceramics.
The cost is $24.60, equivalent to 27.8, 30.0 and 27.6 times the dynamic market rate from 2017 to 2019. Lines, smart terminal applications re-open new growth areas.
Three rings: Medium-term performance has continued to expand steadily, production has been rated on a first-quarter basis: a fall in revenue and price reduction has eroded profitability. This is the firm ' s dominant position in terms of market share in communications by adopting a proactive competitive strategy to increase market ownership.
In the first half of 2017, the company achieved a net profit of $430 million for shareholders belonging to its parent company, a decline of 14.6 per cent over the same period, of which the continuation of revenue in the second quarter resulted in a certain erosion of profits. The company’s continued investment in product development and business expansion kept operating costs high, while the financial cost rate increased in the first half of the year.
1.1 percentage points are mainly due to higher exchange gains and losses and higher interest expenditures arising from the discounting of instruments.
(ii) The Māori rate has been adjusted and there has been a further increase in the municipal rate. The product breakdown shows a revenue of $379 million for the products of photocommunication ceramic parts, a 53.6 per cent decline in the same year.
The semiconductor component products generated revenues of $358 million, an increase of 79.7 per cent over the same period, with a strong market demand for crystal-frequency elements, company ceramics, oversupply of the coated base products, and fingerprint identification systems using functional ceramics to enter the first-line supply chain of millet, oppo, vivo, Hua, etc., with full orders.
The breakdown of the product shows a decline of 1.6 and 1.9 percentage points, respectively, in the ratio of photocommunication ceramic parts and semiconductor parts. The main reason for the decline in product prices is the 44.2% of electronic component materials, an increase of 4.3 percentage points in the ratio, the volume of corporate output and the scale effect are beginning to emerge.
(iii) Performance guidance: The company did not disclose its performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2017 and, as the rapid layout of the 5g communications industry chain and wireless charging technology matured, the non-metal material mobile phone appearance became the preferred option for mobile end-users. Ceramic materials were higher than other non-metal materials.
Hardness, strength, resilience, superior to other non-metal materials' sense of hand and plasticity, has been favoured by a one-line mobile brand, the only enterprise in the country that has achieved vertical integration from powder, formation, sintering, back-track processing to surface treatment. The company and a company that has a long, sophisticated joint venture have been established to produce ceramic lookers, and the good rate has improved considerably.
With the increased penetration of ceramic lookers and the growth of the company’s capacity, it is expected that ceramic lookers will become new profit growth points for companies. The end-market demand will not grow as much as expected;
Market competition risks for other alternative products.