002475.sz Accurately designed dragon sailing, wireless charging market expanding to benefit from new products: wireless charging does not have to open holes, and the charging interface disappears to hard cell phones.
The creation of flexible spaces with waterproofing and dust protection is an important part of the detailization and inflammation of electronics. This is accompanied by the main thrust of industry taps like Apples and Samstars, which drive wireless chargers.
With, the speed of diffusion of wireless charging technology is expected to accelerate to flat-plate computers, laptops, home appliances, medical supplies, and the wide market space available for wireless charging-related products. The precision of the message was imported into the apple watch wireless charger in 2014, the combined strength of which will be released in 19 years.
The creation of a consumable electronic manufacturing platform, and the expansion of the product: when the company is listed, it expands a range of products around consumer electronics, and in 2011 the company built into the macbook.
Connection supply; extension to internal ipad connection in 2012; acquisition of iphonelighting lines, ipadlighting lines and mac power lines in 2013; company acquisition of exclusive order for the applewatch wireless charger module in 2014; new macbooktype-c line in 2015; apple cancellation of 3.5 mm headholes in 2016, company
In 2018, the company acquired an iPhone acoustic component number, cut into linear motor supplies, and went to the ccp backend for processing. The company has a space for continuous innovation around the full layout of large-person connections, wireless chargers, acoustics, wireless headphones, motors, etc.
Communications and cars open long-term growth space: revenue from telecommunications interconnections and precision components has been growing rapidly since the company entered the communications market. The main products of the company’s communications layout are base station antennas, radio frequency filters.
5g supports a significant increase in the number of communication bands, with filter integration becoming more difficult and more expensive; and mimo upgrades the number of stations, with a significant increase in the number of base antennas by increasing the capacity of the antennas;
The multiplies of the 5g frequency have increased light module access pressure and the demand for high-speed light modules has increased. The automobile industry has a high threshold, and the enigma of “new quadrupling” intelligence, interconnection, electrification and sharing has driven the car industry's enthusiasm, corporate steam.
Car products are being converted from original structures, special beams to main beams, peripheral components, and so on, and are being acquired through extended and acquired combinations of traditional auto electronics and new energy and human interfaces. While expanding product lines, companies have also continued to expand new customers and new production bases, moving from Tier2 to Tier1 supplier roles.
Precision: A number of new products from the consumer industry follow up, car, signal, and car-borne relay consumption opens up long-term growth space. Precision: new product placement drives a significant increase in medium-term performance.
Precision: performance promotion in the second half of the year, product sophistication: performance growth, limited R & D inputs, new products, increased risk of conflict; increased price competition in the industrial chain; less than expected growth in the communications and automobile markets
Probability is a core producer of sophisticated electronic and mobile communication markets, and with its ability to manage production efficiently and develop products, companies gain recognition from major consumer electronic brands manufacturers worldwide and enter the supply chain system. Even though it is currently influenced by such factors as the slowdown in smartphones, we believe that it is short-, medium- and long-term.
In the short term, the company has expanded from the main connector industry to wireless recharge, acoustics, linear motors, fpc, antennas, communications.
In the case of automobiles, wireless charging, acoustics, linear motors and antenna projects, which were invested in the previous period, during the 2019 harvest period, boosted high-growth industries: while apples released new wireless billboards in 19 will lead to a wireless billing wind, companies will benefit from related topics.
In the medium term, companies have vertical production capacity for modules and whole machines, with more core technology available to multiple project reserve companies to increase Māori rates, further increase profitability (e.g., the master company ' s acquisition of sundry and trw projects, which can be hatched with the prospect of being placed in the public company system) and gradually grow from parts and components manufacturers to built-up platform companies.
Long-term: Communications and automobiles open up long-term growth space. In the long term, the push of 5g and car intelligence have become the consensus of the industry, with company connections, antennas, power modules, etc., and partial entry into the core manufacturer ' s supply chain system, while the automobile connector is mature.
In terms of investment advice, we see that companies have business profiles related to topics such as 5g, wireless charging, car intelligence, etc. We use pe and peg valuations to compare companies with industry:
We believe that, at the valuation level, despite the fact that pe companies are now largely at the same level as industry averages, pegs are below market averages, and we rate buy-a with the expectation of growth. Risks; increased price competition in the industrial chain; and the risk that the expansion of the communications and automobile markets does not match the growth prospects expected.
Founded in 2004 and converted into a joint-stock company in 2009, the company was successfully listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in September 2010 (stock code: 002475). Products such as connectors, connections, motors, wireless chargers, fpc, antennas, acoustics and electronics are widely used in consumer electronics, communications, enterprise level, automobiles and medicine.
Partners include the world-renowned corporate apples, conjectures, Wah, Hewlett-Packard, Dale, Microsoft, Google, Waves, Nissan, Bo, Amazons, Belkin, etc. (i) company history and equity structure.
The company's founder, Wang, joined Fukuk in 1988 and worked for Fukuk for 10 years at the time, the Chief of the top staff position on the mainland, and created Shenzhen in 1999 to be very sophisticated. Since 2001, the company has taken over international orders, connecting products to be used in the 3c electronics of many internationally renowned brands through Fujikang's processing assembly, and accumulated a wealth of management experience.
The company began to export in 2007 and developed internationally recognized customers such as Fuscon, Wei Wei Wei, Heung-chung, Rich-Technology, Guangbao Taiwan. After initially establishing a dominant position with the core product computer connector, the company successfully built or acquired computers, consumer electronics, and so on.
Various areas of communication, automobiles, medical care, ffc, fpc, antennae, car beams, high-frequency high-speed connectors and cable, with continuous refinement and enrichment of product lines: company acquisition of QUA in 2011 into consumer electronic connectors, entry into the industrial chain of the international smart mobile terminal giants, laying the basis for extension to high-end products, acquisition of Kolton military traffic in the same year
In addition to traditional connections, companies are constantly expanding their markets through vertical integration and horizontal operations, from parts to fittings.
From module to smart products, to provide a full range of design manufacturing integration services for consumer electronics: development and production of special functional plastics for the suk layouts in 2013: acquisition of visual institutional and electromechanical units for the products of the Ton Island layout smart mobile terminal, wearable equipment, smart homes, etc. in 2014: acquisition of meth cut-in microsound units in 2015: 2018
The new parent company acquired the Guangbao Camera Modular Enterprise to further complete the optical plates, and the diversified industrial chain layout provides a strong guarantee for the company’s future rapid and sustained development. The main production lines relate to cable processing, internal connectors, and upstream vertical integration to meet the internal setup.
The acquisition of 75 per cent of the shares in December 2010 was carried out by Bosso Technology (Gangxi) Ltd., which acquired 25 per cent of the shares in December 2013 in three parts of ac power lines and so on, with full cable control requirements
Kunsan United Electronics Ltd. mainly produces multiple sophisticated connectors, high-frequency signal links to optimize client and product structures, cutting into plutonium, where 60 per cent of equity was acquired in April 2011
The modular components of connection, antenna and electromechanical integration are one of the major suppliers of the apple chain, which completed the expansion of the capacity of the internal connector, which acquired 40 per cent of the equity link in March 2014.
Shenzhen City Colton Industries Ltd. acquired 75% of the shares in August 2011 to fast-track the communications market and build up 25% of the shares in May 2013 for Hwa and Emerson's telecommunications connectors.
In addition, it serves the experience of a domestic medical equipment supply-connection component, moves into a Chinese, E.C., provides a small supply chain for the use of medical equipment, and provides a connection device package.
The acquisition of 55 per cent of the equity in May 2012 involved mainly the manufacture of motor electronic devices (car-to-car cluster beams, opportunities to collaborate with companies leading in the wiring assembly of auto motor control systems, auto-body electronic control systems, etc.).
The main products include one-sided fpc, two-sided fpc, mobile phone flexible circuit board, fpc.
Multiple layers of fpc combined with scratching to print circuit boards, transfer of 51% of shares in September 2018, Taiwan Zhende Ltd.
In 2013, 2014 and 2015, three major investments were made in the production of computer connectors and key presses. High-frequency copper axis reinforced board connectors and RF links, radio frequency test sets, rj network connections, etc., connector products, increased telecommunication automation, eventually reached 31.74%.
And the company has a high level of automated production, and German suk acquired 100 per cent of the equity in October 2013
The technology of the BMW Mercedes's door plastics is the technical strength of the BMW's hardware.
A core supplier of plastics and locks, Toyoshima, Suzhou, acquired 100% of the stock in March 2014.
The main components of the complex manufacturing process are a combination of institutions and machines that cut into new and emerging apparel devices, smart, electro-modes, with spraying, sand-spraying processes, home-based electricity markets, and a rich diversification of companies that serve the self-contained capabilities of market-oriented product systems and core parts, such as smart mobile end-products.
In August 2016, 51 per cent of the shares were acquired by Metatech (Suzhou) Ltd., mainly in the production of precision cavity molds, mold standards to the Apple Client Audio Supply Chain, the expansion of design and manufacturing and new electronic components (sensitive company mini-sounds) operations.
In February 2017, USE Ltd. acquired 51% of the equity, USEL (Shanghai) Ltd. acquired 51% of the equity instruments and sensors, new electromechanical components in February 2017.
Hong Kong, the owner of the global body control system under the flag of Trw, is to provide apples with the electronic components of the Ford, Fiat Krys tableboard, including switches, heating and aerodrome and general-purpose car company client groups.
Modular controllers and monitors, integrated electronic central panel power companies cut into Tier1 suppliers and module container controllers. 90% of the products acquired in February 2018 were mainly used in mobile phones, tablets, and notebooks to cut into the smartphone camera module supply chain
Swangbao Camera Modular Enterprise Arithmetic, with clients from Europe, the United States and Asia, is the main supplier of branded clients of global action devices.
By 2018, the tri-quarterly newspaper revealed that the company actually controls Wang Laichuan, Wang Ri Jin and his sister, both of whom hold 47.11% of the company ' s shares through Quest Limited, each of which holds a limited 50% share in the public debate. Figure 2: Corporate equity structure (as of the tri-quarter report 2018)
Corporate product categories can generally be divided into three broad categories: consumer electronics, business-level products and automobile products. Enterprise-level equipment decomposition enterprise-level product solutions.
Acoustic products, linear motors, etc.; in enterprise-level products, companies achieve bulk supply of connection lines and products such as connectors, base station antennas, filters, etc. In automobile products, companies supply car beams, connectors and connection lines, and new energy vehicle parts, etc. The company is based in Dongjung City, Guangdong Province, China, where the manufacturing base is located mainly in Guangdong, Jiangxi, Jiangsu, Anhui,
Zhejiang, Shanxi, Hebei, Sichuan, Taiwan, etc., are located mainly in Germany and Viet Nam, and have R & D centers in Guangdong Dongguan, Jiangsu-kun, Taiwan Bay, and the United States. The company is positioned as the leading global provider of full-scale connectivity programs, working to provide one-stop procurement services to clients, strategic objectives.
It is marked as a single computer internal connection product manufacturer to a technology-based manufacturing enterprise with diversified zero components and modular products. The connector is one of the basic components necessary to make up the circuit system, consisting of components such as plug-ins, wires, etc., and is a functional component that connects, disconnects or converts circuits with electrical and mechanical power, which is used as a telecommunications connection to the system.
The system's “neurological” function is to achieve the normal functionality of the equipment by transmitting the telecommunications signal “rapid, stable, low-depletion, high-fiscal” and the connectors are widely used in the fields of computers, communications, cars, consumer electronics.
The market for global connectors is expected to reach $68.8 billion in 2018, and the market for global connectors as a whole needs to grow steadily. The market is still growing, with the global connector industry starting to mature in 2021, according to technaviofromemis.
From a regional perspective, the Asia-Pacific region is the largest market for connectors, accounting for 56 per cent of the global market in 2016. With the transfer of factories and production activities from North America and Europe to the Asia-Pacific region, as well as the emergence of consumption of electronics, mobile equipment and automobiles in the Asia-Pacific region, sustained and steady growth is needed in the future. In the Asia-Pacific region, China is the largest market for connectors and the strongest driver of the global market for connectors.
The main markets for connections in 2017, according to the distribution in the market area, were automobiles (22 per cent), telecommunications and data communications (21 per cent), computers and peripherals (16 per cent), industry (12 per cent), transport (6 per cent), military and space aviation (6 per cent) and electricity consumption.
In the areas of automobiles, telecommunications and aerospace, which require technological and technological processes at the industrial and even military levels, are specialized markets and have a higher proportion of total body value, so that manufacturers are concentrated mainly in developed countries such as the United States and Japan, such as Thai electronics, fci, ket, etc.
In the consumer electronics market, the market for computer connectors is mostly divided by major international companies, with the highest share of the world’s central Fauskang (Honghai); the main mobile phone connector products have advantages, with a higher proportion of the Afino, Jae, Moose, etc.; and the Chinese Taiwan manufacturer, represented by Fujikang, has a certain size in the electronic consumer sector, and the Chinese mainland manufacturer is in the same position.
The company ' s initial connection products were used primarily for computers and peripherals, establishing a dominant position with the core product ' s computer connector. The company ' s connector products were used mainly for computers and peripherals, covering a variety of consumer electronics, and had entered the car connector, connecting the company ' s excellent performance in the field of connectors, which had been fully recognized and recognized in the industry, with the company taking an advanced military international connection market.
According to a study published in August 2017 by Bishopand Associates, the company ranked 8th out of the Top10 list, the only mainland Chinese firm to enter the top 10, among the Global Connectors 2016 producers according to annual sales.
The company achieved 22,826 million yuan in sales revenue throughout the year 2017, an increase of 65.9 per cent in the same year and a net profit of $1,691 million, an increase of 46.2 per cent in the same year, as a result of the company's effective expansion in the apple line supply category and market share: 1 increased market share for cellular end-to-end connectors, acoustic components and sustained income growth; and 2 to 3 quarters entered theasp
High-level airpods supply, with share boosted revenue; 3applewatch output continued to grow at a high rate. Figure 8: Business income (millions) and growth (2015-2017), with revenue of $15,188 million, a significant increase of 120.1 per cent, compared to the previous year, with computer-connected products and sophisticated components being the company ' s second largest industry.
In business, operating income amounted to $4.348 billion, a decline of 5.7 per cent from the same year when pc came out; the telecommunications interconnection and precision components industries, which, in terms of distribution in domestic and foreign markets, have maintained a high share of the earnings of their customers, while the offshore market is the main source of corporate operating income, which is RMB.1 billion, a further increase of 59.2 per cent in the first half of 2018.
In terms of client distribution, the company’s clients include apples, conjectures, Huairou, Hewlett-Packard, Dale, Microsoft, Google, Waves, Nissan, Bosch, Amazons, Belkin, etc. The sales revenue of the top five clients before 2017 was 60.5% of the income from the main business, and the company has always adhered to the big customer strategy, past three.
In 2017, the company increased its number of new projects, many of which began to be imported in the third quarter, and increased costs, among other things, contributed to lower profit levels, while the company purchased more imported equipment and increased tariffs and value-added taxes negatively affected net profits. Through vertical integration and horizontal business expansion, the company was connected, wireless charging, acoustics, etc.
After pre-inputing and grinding, the profits of new products will gradually materialize, and corporate profitability will increase further as the Department improves efficiency and self-sufficiency of raw materials, owing to high pre-inputs for new projects and disruptions such as short-term shortages of raw materials, and after stocking of new products in the third and fourth quarters.
The company’s Māori rate rose with the rise in the new good in 2018, while the net profit rate gradually increased. In 2017, business segment data showed that the company’s performance grew largely from a significant increase in consumer electronics in 2017, with Māori contributions from consumer products accounting for 64.7%, followed by computer-connected and telecommunications-interconnected products accounting for 20.9% and 20.9% respectively.
The company achieved business income of $22.131 billion in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 59.2 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of $1,657 million attributable to the stock of listed companies, an increase of 53.1 per cent in the same year.
Upgrade, connection, wireless charging, acoustics, airpods and antenna products followed the client's new release, while efficiency gains increased and reduced, with significant efficiency gains, with a significant increase in profits from the third quarter of the quarter of the quarter, when the Maori rate rose by 2.2 percentage points to 21.9 per cent compared to the second quarter. On 10 January 2019, the company issued a revised forecast of its performance, which it expected would be attributable to the net shareholders of listed companies in 2018.
The short, medium, long, and long-term market, product, and customer planning has been complete, and the upgrading of internal business management and smart manufacturing has been more visible and relatively easy to resist the growth of individual markets and products. Companies have transferred a win-win share of their shareholdings to the windfall.
On September 20, 2018, the company intended to transfer 51% of its fully-owned subsidiary, Chuhai Soft Circuits Ltd., to Shenzhen City Electronics Co. Ltd., which would become a company-owned subsidiary. The company and the company acquired 100% of the share of Chuhai Soft Circuits Ltd., which would be the main fpc supplier in the domestic mobile industry.
First, products include one-sided fpc, two-sided fpc, multi-storey fpc, and hand-printed circuit boards, with customers mainly from domestic mobile operators. From 2015 to 2017, China achieved a win-win sales income of 220 million, 205 million and 260 million, resulting in net profits of 93.65 million, 459.58 million and 4.07 million, respectively.
It was founded in 1993 as a national pcb flagship, with a number of years of technological accumulation and sedimentation in the area of printed circuit boards, and as a manufacturer of a small number of product types in the country covering rpcb, fpc and mpcb, with excellent performance contributions in the areas of communications equipment, smart consumer electronics, automobile electronics, industrial controls and applications such as medical, computer and network equipment, and new energy sources.
Win-wins will effectively benefit from the management experience and resources of Xinyang Electronic in the softboard field, enabling it to achieve its own soft board research and development technology, three or more flowering points, building sophisticated manufacturing platforms, and a series of product-based expansions around consumer electronics after they are well marketed, with companies relying on connectors in 2011.
Accumulated access to internal links in Macbook; expanded to internal connections in ipad in 2012; acquired iphone lighting lines, ipadlighting lines and mac power lines in 2013; acquired exclusive orders for the applewatch wireless charger module in 2014; added macbooktype-c lines in 2015; and apples removed 3.5 mm headphone holes in 2016, and companies acquired iphone sound
Frequent turn orders; cut into the airpods module in 2017; acquired the iphone acoustic component number in 2018, cut into linear motor supplies, and went to the lcp backend for processing. From the company’s expansion in apple supplies, the company has been constantly investing in new product development and working to build the company.
A sophisticated platform-type enterprise. (i) The development of smart mobile terminals, the continuous creation of processors, storage spaces, contact displays, filming, biometrics, etc.
New developments have created a wide range of applications for the product, but there are continuing demands for battery continuity, and battery self-contained principles and materials have not changed revolutionaryly, so increasing battery-friendly consumer end-use experiences has increased. We have seen a variety of innovative studies by manufacturers in charging electricity, and wireless charging has gradually become a hot spot for market interest.
Wireless charging adapts to the trends of renewal, electro-tailless and inflammation.
As an example, the top performer was the mate20 combined flight renewal of up to 14 hours and 26 minutes, followed by the iphonexr combined flight renewal of up to 11 hours and one minute, even though the best flag ship for the voyage needed a one-day charge, and the problem of charging and continuing the voyage was still a problem for mobile phone users.
After Apple released the iphonex of Liu's sea screen, the full screen age of mobile phones was opened, the size of screens was increasing, the density and brightness of screen pixels were increasing further, and the problems of cellular development will become more acute in the future as the 5g web speed rises, ai technology and aar applications increase, battery constraints increase.
Battery accounts for most of the room inside the cell phone, full screens and lightly thinning trends, and mobile phone manufacturers are looking for solutions for renewal, with more options available for double cores, wired fast chargers, and wireless chargers. In essence, double cores and fast chargers are still not a breakover for battery technology, and with the development of 5g and artificial intelligence technology, the internal space for mobile phones will become more scarce.
Wireless charging is more feasible. Wire charged allows chargers to be removed from line limits, completely separate electrical appliances and power sources, with greater advantages in terms of safety and flexibility than traditional cable chargers; wireless chargers do not have to open holes, the loss of charge interfaces provides more elastic space for mobile phones, hardware space and functional innovation, with waterproofing effects that do not compromise the continuation of batteries.
It is an important part of the detailization and inflection of electronic products; at the same time, it will be more easily accessible.2 Mainstream standards are formed, and technological routes are maturing, and wireless charging techniques (wirelesschargingtechnology) are derived from radio transport technology, meaning that devices do not need to be borrowed
Supported by an electromagnetic wave sensing principle, an electromagnetic wave resonance principle or other technology that uses the magnetic field as a transmission power bridge to send and receive a communication signal for recharge at the sender and receiving end using the corresponding equipment.
Since there is no wire connection between chargers and electrical devices that transmits energy in the magnetic field, both chargers and electrical devices can be exposed without a conductive connection point. At this stage, wireless recharge technology is dominated by electromagnetic induction and electromagnetic resonance. Electromagnetic sensor technology is relatively easy to achieve, while charging is more efficient, is the main application in the initial phase of wireless charging, and should be commercialized.
Wpc, established in 2008 as the world's largest wireless charger, has created an international wireless charge standard qi, consisting mainly of nokia, Samsung, Ti, Philip, htc, Sony,
Ericsson, Hua Luang, Apple, etc.; Powermettersalliance (pma) was established in 2012, with members of the same industry as at&t, google, Starbucks, and other industry giants, wpc and pma, all supporting tight-association technologies, competing for wireless charge standards, route speech rights; and, at the same time, supporting the pine-coupled wireless charger a4wp.
The Wpc alliance initially focused on magnetic sensor wireless charger technology, but also incorporated magnetic resonance technology after qi1.2.
The introduction of magnetic resonance in the wpc case is mainly due to the fact that it provides a greater amount of space for low-power products, greater freedom between them (mainly vertical distance), and greater power. So the user experience of wireless chargers in wpc has increased considerably, providing the basis for an outbreak: but airfuel still has a competitive advantage in the middle and high power field, such as distance from transmission.
The future wireless charge will be free, efficient and compatible: 1 supports free charging anywhere on any plane: 2 also uses new structures to increase the area charged under a single coil and increase the efficiency of charging: 3 launch ends can charge multiple receiving ends, not only for mobile phones, but also for a variety of low-powered electronic devices such as handrings, watches, etc.
Compatibility charge: 4 supports inter-equipment charge. The current electromagnetic sensor wireless charge is the most mature and the most widespread in commerce. But the charger technology needs to be limited to a certain location and does not provide any flexibility.
Rates are the best option for commercial applications under current technology conditions. Cell phone manufacturers like Apple are working to increase the efficiency of this technology and then move to the next stage of wireless recharge - the electromagnetic resonance of wireless chargers. In electromagnetic resonance recharge, the transmission loop and the receiving coil can be weakly coupled, but the frequency of work is similar, making the equipment workable.
This new charger technology is consistent with the future course of wireless charging, but electromagnetic resonance is still not mature enough and inefficient, and market applications take time.
Vibration for electrical transmission a4wp:receence standard: pma standard
Conversion is efficient; technology and standards are mature, do not require a specific location, fit for long distances; fit for high-power charge; requires a specific location for precision charge; metal sensors.
3. Mainstream manufacturers are moving forward, and the main applications of wireless charging applications are consumer electronics (represented by wearable equipment and smartphones) and electric cars. With industry taps like Apples and Samstars pushing ahead with wireless charging applications, smartphones are expected to be fully wired.
Rolling: The development of a new energy vehicle has led to a enthusiasm for wireless charging, which is expected to accelerate as the International Standards Organization enters the final standard test phase. Moreover, the use of wireless charging is not limited to medium- and low-power areas such as mobile phones, wearables, tablets, laptops, etc., and, in the context of the wave of networking, the use of wireless charging for various public applications is expected to accelerate.
Apple launched three new machines, iphone8/8plus, and iphonex, at their new editions in the autumn of 2017, which directly contributed to the rapid follow-up of a large number of cellular brands. And since 2018, major terminal manufacturers have been carrying wireless charges.
The power cell phones are being released, and the mobile phones of Samsung, Hua, Mi, Sony, lg, and Nokia are being installed on their recently released flagships. Three stars are investing early in technology development, being one of the first smartphone manufacturers to popularize support for wireless chargers, on wireless.
Continuous applications and overlaps in charge technology. Wireless charge layouts on mobile phones have been started since Note2 was released in 2012 (the user buys wireless parts to replace the shell with wireless chargers), starting with Galaxys6, where each generation of s and note flagships are marked with wireless chargers.
The 5w wireless charge was upgraded to the Tristar nonte59w wireless charge, the three-star s7-supported wireless charger was upgraded to a double-wire 9w wireless charger, and the three-star Galaxys8 wireless charger was upgraded to a three-circle design to achieve a 10-w wireless charge. The three-star galaxys9 was placed in the front line of the wireless charge, and the maximum wireless charge supported was raised to 15w, far beyond the previous generation of s8.
Figure 28: Three Stars 8 3-circle wireless chargers. Apple's ambition on wireless charge is also becoming apparent. Apple joined the wpc coalition in support of the qi standard in February 2017 and acquired Powerbyproxi from the New Zealand Wireless charge company in October of the same year.
Using the qi standard, wireless charging and data transfer options are available for high-energy consumption products. Applewatch uses Magnet Magnet wireless charge. iphone 8/8plus, iphonex published in 2017 added wireless charge, although iphone8 and iphonex have not yet been marked, and apples are officially recommended for use
Belkin and Mophine wireless charge boards, both of which support the qi standard and are suitable for iPhone 8, have a power of 7.5w. Apples have issued an airpower charge pillow, which, according to the official network, can be used as wireless chargers as long as iphones, applewatches and airpods are placed with their hands on the charge pillow, but have not yet been sold.
Figure 30: iphonex Wire charged. Figure 29: Applewatch Wire charged. Apple hugs Wire charged not only benefit iphone, ipad, applewatch, macbook, smart sound, etc.
Home, together with an unmanned vehicle under development, is expected to be included in the future map of wireless charge. A further step forward, in October 2018, China launched the mate20 series of mobile phones, directly introducing reverse wireless charge in the mate20pro, which can be used for reverse wireless chargers for any other smart phone that supports qi, including Google Pixel 3, lgv40 and III.
Stargalaxynote9. The user does not need to pair the two devices in any other way, but simply puts a smart phone that is compatible with the wireless charge on the mate20pro, and it starts to charge. The reverse wireless charge requires that the cell phone have a chip with both rx (receipt) and tx (launch).
You can control both wireless chargers and wireless output. The normal wireless charger has only rx (receipt), so it can only be charged, and tx (launch) is like a wireless charger, which can charge wirelessly equipment such as hand machines with wireless chargers.
In new energy cars, upgrading the user’s service experience in the charge chain and upgrading the cruise miles have become the main thrust of the efforts of the car plants. In addition to increasing the battery capacity, rapid and wireless charging is also a priority development project for the car plants and Tier1.
Co-operation at car factories such as hoda; physical testing of nissanleaf and gmvolt owners by U.S. manufacturer evatran through the pluglespower scheme in 2012, followed by ongoing testing of the wireless charger programme at the daimler, bmw, gm, etc.; July 2018 bmw announced that it would be put into wireless recharge system production and first imported into Germany at bmw530e
In the future, the vehicle will have to be parked directly above the recharge base, press the trigger button, start charging without a cable, and the recharge completion system will be automatically shut down. The system will provide the first vehicle owner to be installed in its own garage and to fill the battery with a 3.2kw power of up to three and a half hours, which is expected to result in a significant increase in ease of use and convenience.
Currently, vehicle wireless charging is still in the standard test phase, with Sae leading the development of vehicle wireless charging, and ISO iec has also set standards for ground-based wireless charging and vehicle-end wireless charging, while Germany’s Stille Plan and Japan jsae, among others, have introduced vehicle wireless charging standards, China is the largest new energy vehicle market in the world, and China’s new energy engine 2015
The Commission on Wireless Charging Standards has also finalized the Wireless Charging System requirements, communications protocols, and electromagnetic environment limits and testing methods, all of which are now in the final approval stage, including Gilly, Pelican, Nissan, and bmw, all of which have been tested in China for interactive operation. As ISO is in the final standard testing stage, wireless charging on vehicles is expected to increase.
The current applications of wireless chargers are mainly smart phones, smart watches, electric toothbrushes, etc. The future applications of wireless chargers can be extended to public places such as offices, conference rooms, coffee shops, restaurants, and vehicles, trains, aircraft, etc., and the scenes for wireless chargers are also much wider and will be more easily accessible.
In collaboration with the company Powermat, wireless charging services are being provided in the shop; there are also increasingly wireless charging devices in the store, such as McDonald’s, Kentucky, and undersea fishing; and wireless charging is easy and fast on the bus, with many well-known garages starting to charge cars with mobile phones. On balance, the wireless charging market is growing rapidly, and it is the inevitable option for a new generation of consumer electronic upgrades.
Charging, as an important future consumer electronic current, has in recent years shown a steady increase of 40 per cent per year in the number of billions of products that have been converted rapidly, and mobile phones have been the main reason for the high growth of wirelessly charged products in 2017. Apples have been imported into wireless recharge techniques, driving a wave of wireless charging to develop heat. ihsmarkit is expected to produce consumer electronic devices with wireless chargers in 2019.
At market size, ihs forecast that the total size of the wireless recharge market will grow from $1.7 billion in 2015 to $15 billion in 2024, with 27% annual compound growth. The momentum is strong, with the wireless charger chain breaking in.
iv. Set up telecommunications loops and modules to respond to industrial eruptions. Wireless charging products are divided into launch-end and receiving-end-modules.
Wireless charging is divided into five main links from the point of view of the industrial chain: program design, power chips, magnetic materials, transmission loops, and modular manufacturing. Program design and power chip chain technical barriers are high, highly profitable, and are largely monopolized by foreign firms. Magnetic materials and transmission loop technical barriers are relatively low, involving both medium and foreign manufacturers.
Program design is usually demand-driven by end-makers, and programme plants are designed with the greatest degree of difficulty and added value. Foreign producers such as Apples, Hightowers, Tesla are now the main ones, and domestic communications, philosophies, Van Ants, etc. are competitive; power chips are the main ones.
Including the transmission end tx and the receiving endrx, tx entering the power source according to the radio signal in a given frequency band, rx converting the wireless signal into an electrical power capable of completing the charge, mainly involving the microchip giants of high communications, tii, idt, nxp, mtk: magnetic material used to increase magnetic flux between the launch and the receiving wiring, increasing transmission rates and serving as a positioning device between launch and receipt, facilitating terminal equipment
Fast-track location, currently used magnetic materials such as iron oxides, nanocrystals, etc., where domestic and foreign firms have a market share, transmission loops have high customer customization characteristics, require close collaboration up and down of the industry chain, transmission chain manufacturers such as tdk, murata and pinea, domestic manufacturers have sophisticated messaging, IM, Sio Baid and combing electronics: module encapsulation, etc.
The manufacturing chain is mainly light and miniaturized, not so different from other electronic parts and components manufacturing processes, with the participation of, inter alia, domestic zero-component plants, sophisticated commercial communications, clean technology, etc. Precision is used as the main supplier of the AppleApplewatch wireless charger module, both at the wireless charger end and in the receiving end.
The company also benefited from the outbreak of wireless charging trends in the Andre camp, where wireless charging products have been cut into mobile phones, pc, cars, and products that can be worn, such as a 99-dollar wireless charger for millet, a Porsche wireless charger, a one-stop machine, a 20-mate launcher for tiles, and a Mimix3 system (rx, rx).
tx tagging, google wireless charge boards, etc. (ii) Sound component upgrades continue to evolve, tws headphone space is renewable, and as the style of smart terminal products continues to enrich, acoustic components continue to upgrade as important components of human interaction.
The application of microsound devices to smart terminals can be divided into two main types, one of which is that the components of the terminals are integrated into the end products, such as the zero parts of our smartphones and tablets used to achieve acoustic effects, including microscopic speakers, receivers, microphones, etc., while the other type becomes the whole system as a stand-alone acoustic product.
Parts, e.g. headphones, audio boxes, etc. From the point of view of the parts, the upgrade of the microelectronics of the smartphone component evolves from a single dimension of sound to a stereo sound, waterproof dust, and integration with other components, bringing together the overall value of individual parts and single terminals.
From a single point of view, the emergence of new intelligent acoustic products, represented by Amazonecho and Appleairpods, has led to an upgrading of the acoustic products themselves, which in turn has created expectations of new market demand. Among mobile terminals and consumer electronics, microphones contain mainly loudspeakers, receivers, and microphones.
Voice, voice, voice, voice, voice, voice, voice, voice. The workings of the receivers and speakers are similar, using the electromagnetic function of the electrosensors, which can be understood as the "low volume speakers." The sound system determines the sound quality of the cell phone to a great extent, thus affecting the overall user's experience, and so the acoustics of the cell phone are upgraded.
Levels are an important basis for optimal upgrades of smart phones. Overall, the major upgrades are small sizes, sound changes, volume changes, 1) microphone upgrades include upgrades from e-cm to memsmic programs, and increases in the number of microphones to achieve 2) speakers and receivers move from monolithic to cavity modules (speakerbox/receiverbox) and take them at the same time.
(b) Improvements in waterproofing, precipitation, power, etc.;
An increase in the value of acoustic components in products. For example, the achievement of stereos is achieved mainly through an increase in the number of loudspeakers, with an expected increase in the value of about 100 per cent for singles and about 30 per cent for whole machines, while waterproofing is an expected increase in the value of the overall acoustic package, with an expected increase of about 30 per cent, and others, including integration, an increase in microphones and an increase in software algorithms, are expected to increase in the value of singles.
Apple began to cancel 3.5 mm headphone interfaces on the iphone 7 series in 2016, with the introduction of the apple header really wireless stereophones (tws, ruewirelessstereo) airpods. Unlike the normal wireless headphones, the airpods have two earphones that are independently controlled and unwired, allowing users to get out of cable chains into the wireless world.
The first generation of airpods was released in the United States on December 13, 2016 and sold for two hours, breaking the U.S. record of online headphone sales in 2016. According to the research institute slick, the market share of beats and bose was 24.1% and 10.5% by one and two places before the airpods were sold.
In 2017, Apple introduced Wireless Charges to Airpods, and specifically provided uniquely for airpods.
Boxes, with headphones, can quickly achieve wireless charging. Apples updated the Airpods trademark in November 2018, paving the way for its expansion, adding the category of “general health instruments”, meaning that the new generation of airpods, which is about to be released, will either increase health, fitness, motion sensors, surveillance, transfer biodata, heart, motion detection, calorie consumption, etc.
Airpods continue to sell and achieve considerable satisfaction in the consumer market, leading to a boom in wireless headphones. On the one hand, smartphone branders have begun to follow the iphone strategy by issuing their own tws headphones as important interactive devices: e.g., freebuds and oppo o-free; on the other hand, they have passed the 2017 match.
After the battle for smartphones, the big Internet giants began to look at the deployment of artificial intelligence on tws headphones: 100 degrees and tweets of AI teams are actively seeking collaboration with headphone manufacturers, while overseas AI giants, Amazon and Google, are developing their own tws headphones.
The tws headphones market has great commercial value and potential: it is an iteratively updated technology, such as a chip, a real wireless headphone that hits the "move" scene, creates an interactive loop with the smartphones that hit the "home" scene, and, along with the cloudy technologies and data of Google, Amazon, tungsten, 100 degrees, becomes the infrastructure of the artificial intelligence age.
For connectors, integrated voice searches, personal voice assistants, social communications, maps, cabs, health data testing, motion guidance, etc. The 2018 tws headphone market is in the early stages of an explosive growth of market dividends. Appleairpods, Samsung and Hua.
tws wireless headphones have been placed on the market for the past two years, fostering user awareness and usage habits, and more and more people are using tws headphones. With traditional headphone brands such as Bose, Sony, Jabra, and new brands such as Arin, the product is moving towards a variety of features, entering the audio field in 2014, cutting into the voice market of smartphones through the United States law of Taiwan.
The industry has accumulated for over 40 years in the field of voice technology, and is a leading company in Taiwanese acoustics, a world-famous electronics lead producer. In August 2016, US law sold 51% of the share of the Suzhou factory, which is a microphone model, to the firm Sioux State, and Taiwan law was transferred to Sioux for production after accepting the apple order.
USR Electronics Ltd., with $102 million in communications, accounting for 51% of the shares. With the advantage of precision manufacturing, it is fast growing in the Appleiphone acoustic component, benefiting from a growing market share, and the deep integration of companies and the US in high-end headphones for the type-c interface will win companies greater markets and opportunities; it will be released in 2019.
On behalf of the Airpods, the signal is to be incorporated into the assembly, which will take on the main assembly share; maintaining supplies in Mac and Pad Malls, while continuing to benefit from the new demand for the relevant fittings after type-c, thanks to the advantage of the signal in the field of connectors. (iii) Extended tactileness, with a large and thin mass of motor hair.
The tactile feedback is a new technological concern and innovation for hardware manufacturers to dig out users' experiences of variability, following up on the dimensions of sound, vision, memory, etc. In smartphones, the tactile feedback function provides users with vibrating feedback in their operations and provides them with a richer operational experience.
The tactile feedback technologies that are currently in the market include mainly three types: erm, linear resonance (lra) and voltage transmission. The erm is achieved by rotors, the oldest and most mature tactile feedback technology in the market, and is less costly. The functional and initial intelligence machines mostly use erm spin motors; the linear resonance (lra) is done by linear motors, a linear one.
The spring mass of sexual motion forms, iPhone 4s, iPhone6, 6s, 7/7p, 8, x, xs/xsmax, are used in linear motors to complete complex vibrations; the voltage transfer is done by a vibrating-voltage converter with faster response time and smaller volume than erm and lra, and allows for a more sophisticated local tactile feedback experience, but the technology is not mature, complex and costly.
The traditional ermmmada, the diagonal spin-dive vibration device. The ermmmada simulated touchback effects take longer, creates a clear sense of slowness when clicking quickly and again, and it is difficult to reflect the strength and weakness of the vibrations, so the vibration feedback experience is not ideal. The erm motor usually meets the user’s needs for the vibration alarm function, and therefore evolves the linear motor; the linear lramada is compared to the linear one.
The advantage of the diagonal motor is clear: the response speed is faster, it can produce multiple complex outputs, vibrating frequencies and amplitudes can be controlled, tactile feedback can be achieved by modeming resonance wave amplitudes, and the spring + magnet combinations are the source of power. Apples first use multi-touch touch control on macbooks and will be in the forcetouch in 2014.
Touch screen) is applied to the applewatch, with a custom-made vibration motor, where the device can sense the strength of the pressure and the pressure and adjust the corresponding function; the apple then improves the technology on the iphone6s, 3d touch adds this dimension to the original forcetouch lightly and lightly, so iphone6s
The tactile feedback on the screen is more sensitive than the pressure-touch screen technology on the applewatch, with the 2017 iphone 7 series cancels the physical home key, using the tapticengine module to simulate the vibrator of the entity key; and the iphonex cancels the screen physical buttons, and the screen senses the "click" feeling from the touch engine after the pressure is pressed.
Starting in 2014, it has invested in the motor, accumulated technology and processes to improve the processing accuracy, automation, modularization of spare parts, and has now cut into the apple's tactile feedback lined motors, with great opportunities for future opportunities for other components. (iv) Layout 5g, fpc benefits from the advent of high-frequency high-speed times
Printed circuit board pcb as a base plate and key interconnection for electronic parts, mainly as a connection and signal transmission, with pcb classified as “mother of electronic products”, by softness, as rigidly printed circuit boards, fpc-painted circuit boards (fpc) and scratched combinations.
The formation of layers, coverlay (covering membrane), stiffener (strength panels) has the advantages of high line density, light weight, thickness, foldable curves, three-dimensional cabling, etc., more in line with the intellectualization of electronics, the trend towards portability in the downstream industry, which is widely transported for mobile phones and mobile devices, etc.
Since 2005, fpc has followed smart electronics into the fastest-growing pcb type. By 2015, the global fpc market had risen to approximately $11.842 billion, or 20.55 per cent of the pcb, and by 2017 the world total of pcb is expected to reach $65.7 billion, of which fpc is expected to reach $15.7 billion, further increasing at pcb.
Up to 23.90%, the fastest growing sub-industry in the pcb industry. The fpc, coupled with the addition of new features such as fingerprint recognition, facial recognition, wireless charge, etc., will lead to a tendency for smartphones to become soft, thin, bendable features of the fpc itself to grow even further in the age of flexible mobile phones.
Apple's new machine is worth about 20-22 fpc. The single machine is worth about $40. Applefpc adds an average of one to three pieces per generation, and as the number of pieces installed on smt increases, size decreases, high frequency transmissions shift to multiple layers, ultra-facial lines, high frequency materials, and the individual fpc is higher; the number of fpcs in its high-end flag ship has increased to over 10 in recent years.
Three-star mobile phone fpc is worth about 12-13, the main supplier is interflex, semco, etc.; domestic high-end software is used around 10-12, but the high-end is less expensive and less difficult to design. It is worth about 6-7 US dollars. Gold, the soft-board supplier is mainly a large solar plant, the opo is dominated by flags, and vivo uses the apple supply chain, and ov is also the same.
With the arrival of 5g high-frequency (HF) communications, increased functionality, and improved interior structure, fpc will be able to upgrade its smartphone space. The mobile phone antenna has formed a market pattern with softboard-based processes, with future communication frequencies split according to the 5g road map.
After that, it was further upgraded to 30 - 60 ghz; mobile phone terminals were in the phase of increasing signal frequency, high frequency applications and high-speed capacity requirements, and were currently in the sub6 stage.
Significant wear and tear; excellent electron properties of liquid crystal polymer lcp, which can maintain a constant medium constant within the total radio frequency range of 110ghz and which is very small in diameter, suitable for millimetre wave applications and applicable to high frequency high-speed trends; and a softer performance of lcp than pi, which further matches the light and light trends of intelligent terminals.
Apple started importing the lcp antenna on three new machines in 2017, Afino in 2017, Xs and xsmax in 2018, and set up a new lcp antenna code. The antenna will be further integrated with the main plate in the coming years, and lcp or similar low-depletion materials will be used for high-frequency 5g transmissions.
In February 2018, in a business concession, Swangbao technology transferred the lead camera module (ccm) to the SG under its flag.
In the 15 years since its inception, the software has been used mainly on mobile phones, tablets and laptops, with clients in Europe, the United States, Asia, and as a major supplier of global mobile equipment brands. The smartphone market is one of the main suppliers of China’s flagship models, double and triple. In the innovation of the mobile stock market, optical innovation is one of the best ways to innovate.
Video pixels, tremors, large optical circles, etc., with optical upgrades from single to double, multi-phoreography leading to quantitative and price increases; biometric 3dsensing ' s innovative certainty opportunities. Companies have continuous innovation around their large clients ' comprehensive layout connections, wireless chargers, acoustics, wireless headphones, motors, etc.
Space, in the future smartphone stock market, companies will move up the steps by expanding their product categories, increasing their share, and increasing their asp.iv. Communications, automobile operations open up long-term growth space.5g have high-speed, high-capacity, low-time delays, etc. to meet high-speed, high-capacity data transfer requirements.
Global telecommunication operators and equipment manufacturers have continued to accelerate research and development by 5g, driving the advent of an intelligent society that is aware of everything, connected everything, and intelligent. Companies have been focusing heavily on the communications market, with earlier technological reserves.
The company set up a communication in Taiwan and, after the replenishment, created a new PV research and development centre in Taiwan for high-speed light interconnection aoc (activeoptical cable, source cable) products. The company conducts the relevant layouts mainly for connection lines, connectors, base station antennas, filters, etc., while providing multiple interconnection solutions.
Data services for corporate-level products are divided into signal transmission, signal storage and signal processing, and companies focus on signal transmission solutions, and are the complete provider of solutions in the signal transmission area of the ict industry. Currently, companies have three main product lines in this area, the main products of which are high-speed connectors, high-speed cable components: the main products of the radio frequency product lines are base station antennas, radio frequency filters.
The revenue from communications interconnections and precision components operations since the company's entry into the communications market has continued to grow at a high rate, reaching $1,655 million in 2017, an increase of 56.8 per cent compared to 56.8 per cent.
. The number of frequency bands supported by communications after commercialization has increased significantly, with filter integration becoming more difficult and more expensive as a result of the non-linear relationship between the number of bands and the number of filters: 5g using mimo technology to upgrade the number of sites and increase frequency efficiency by increasing the capacity of the antennas, the number of base antennas will increase significantly; 5g frequency bands multiplying the light module.
The high threshold of the automobile industry, the “new quadrupling” of intelligence, interconnection, electrification, and sharing drive the enthusiasm of the car industry, creating more opportunities for Chinese enterprises. The company’s long-standing auto market, which began in 2006 with a vehicle-borne electronics and auto support system, has led to the emergence of a new technology system.
In 2017, Hong Kong, a controlling shareholder of the company, acquired the Global Motors Control System under Trw, a subsidiary of Germany, to complement the capacity of the company's body control system. As a result, the company developed the capability of a traditional auto electronic + new energy + human interface. In 2017, the company's automobile interconnection product and precision component operations generated revenues of $1,131 million, an increase of 25.1 per cent.
The company’s auto production base is well-placed, and the country’s layout is beginning to take shape. The Jiangsu-Kunsan factory is the headquarters of the company’s auto industry, which plans for the development of the Quizombo automobile industry. Guangdong Dong-hoon, which is the headquarters of the new energy automobile product, is dominated by the following: Hebei’s preservation, Anhui City, Fujian-Fu, Sichuan-Sui-Ning, which mainly serves local and neighbouring customers.
The company attaches great importance to the safety base of automobiles, and the ability to build active safety components based on traditional products is a long-term goal of the company. The company’s automobile products, which have been transformed from the original structural elements, special beams to the main beams, peripheral parts, etc., are also now heavily configured for system integration, while the company has a mature vehicle-mounted wireless charging module programme and products.
At the same time as product lines, companies have continued to expand their new customers and new production bases, from the role of tier2 to the role of tier1 suppliers, and from earlier analysis we can see that the growth of corporate performance is driven mainly by the expansion of products that consume electronics in large customers, the expansion of the product class, the deep-farming connector industry, the steady growth of traditional business and the opening up of companies in the areas of communications and automobiles.
Long-term growth space, but with a relatively small size, the company’s overall performance growth is largely supported by support. The company’s product lines are rich, with customers covering almost all of the consumer electronics producers, the overall business strategy is to develop product patterns with customers, and the business is driven by the expansion of the production capacity of related industries.
In terms of profitability, the Māori rate for different product groups continues to change as manufacturing firms usually add up to cost. The cost rate is expected to be stable and sustained, while capital expenditure changes periodically.
Impairment from litigation, goodwill, etc. Impacts are not taken into account in general calculations. With regard to valuation analysis and investment proposals, we believe that, given the company’s continued profitability and industry comparability, we have used the MPR method primarily to compare our investment proposals with the MPR method.
The main assumptions of operating income: Consumer electronics: smartphones have entered the stock market, and corporate performance is driven mainly by product-based expansion and share increases. The business segment forecasts mainly include connectors, wireless chargers, acoustics, airpods, motors, antenna products, etc.)
(b) Wire charged: 19 years of new product release at the end of the international large customer ' s wireless charger, with equipment to wear. The module is expected to continue to increase with sales; there is a certain increase in the domestic Andre customer ' s wireless charge market; and (c) acoustics: companies at the international level.
Large client cellular acoustic components are expected to increase continuously with the number and share of materials: 4) Airpods: The company is making good progress in the supply of airpods, and the rate and share are expected to rise faster as the tws headphone market breaks up: 5) Mada: Mada is expected to grow faster as the number of developments in the space for innovation rises.
Computer-connected products and sophisticated components: The pc market is more stable, and therefore its performance has grown mildly. Automobile Internet products and precision components: Companies are still investing continuously in automobiles, but new products in the auto industry have a longer life cycle of certification.
Communications Internet products and sophisticated components: The company’s layout connectors, antennas, etc. are partially integrated into the core manufacturer’s supply chain system, and the company’s communications business is expected to grow at a high rate as investment in 5g accelerates. Other connections and other business aspects, we anticipate that the size of the collection will sustain the industry’s average growth rate.
With regard to the Māori ratio of products, 1) the gradual release of new corporate products in consumer electronics with improved efficiency and efficiency has increased steadily; 2) computer interconnectivity products and sophisticated components have remained stable; 3) auto Internet products and sophisticated components are still rising to: 5) other connectors and other operations have remained stable.
In other scenarios, R & D inputs have increased according to the growth in the number of R & D personnel and the cost of individual R & D personnel, the maintenance of a reasonable share of the revenue associated with government subsidies, the gradual reduction in the size of capital expenditure, the stability of overall tax rates, and future adjustments based on the pace of related events.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we have a well-informed overall profit forecast, as follows: In terms of valuation analysis and investment proposals, we believe that companies, as consumable consumable electronic manufacturing complexes, continue to be profitable and comparable across industries, and therefore we use the valuation method of the market rate and the market rate of growth. The company is the consumer electronic zero component.
One of the leading companies, and therefore we have chosen a comparable target based on the relatively large market value of the consumer electronics industry chain, White Maroon. The above table shows that we give companies a “buy-a-a” rating, based on the collection price on 3 January 2018 and our profit forecast for the company, based on a corresponding discount/price on the size of 2017 and development prospects.
(a) Corporate strategies are at risk of less than expected import of new products from large customers and overall delivery;
Corporate expansion, including in the communications, automobile industry, has not progressed as fast as the uncertainty expected of future development prospects.