The demand situation continues to be validated, the server is growing at a high rate, and wave information 2020h1 reports a further acceleration in the second quarter, and the effects of scale are further highlighted.
\triangleright has seen a large increase of 60.8% in the first quarter of the second quarter, and the positive scale effect of cost control has been evident. From the strong demand for downstream servers, the company q2 has achieved $19.51 billion, a significant increase of 60.81%, and the single-season net profit of $269 million has increased.
48.77 per cent, with further acceleration. The company ' s Māori rate is stable at 11.88 per cent, with overall profit-to-period costs – mainly due to increased exchange-rate earnings from enhanced exchange management by companies.
R & D investment of 1,276 million yuan is a 37.87% increase, with cloud and a leader in cutting-edge technologies around the world. Companies have maintained their strength in R & D inputs in the first half of the year, with R & D spending increasing by 38% at a rate of 1,276 million yuan, maintaining a pace commensurate with the expansion of business size.
Over 60 per cent of the market share, i48 is a global scorpion multi-node server certified through odcc; in the one area, the first-initiation dispatch system, with the most performing one server, agx-5, has been maintained at over 50 per cent of the market for the base structure of the Chineseai; and in the peripheral area, the introduction of the first one meets the Otii criteria.
In the first half of the year, the company received $5,172 million in overseas revenues, a significant increase of 123.22%, and technology and products continued to be recognized by domestic and foreign customers. Multiple indicators cross-check demand patterns, and domestic production servers have a strong leader.
According to the reported data, the company ' s 2020h1 inventory was $15,524 million, representing a 22 per cent increase in the ring, reflecting the company ' s recent increase in reserve: the contract liability line of $1,256 million grew by 7.5 per cent, and the order kept growing.
According to gartner, the 2020q1 wave utility server market accounted for 9.6% of the world’s third largest increase in the world’s top five rankings; in the Chinese market, the wave wave utility market accounted for more than 37.6%: multi-wave node servers were the number one source of global global exports and sales.
The most recent data released in the first half of the year, 2017-2019, was the third consecutive year that Waveai servers held the top position in the Chinese market with a more than half-market share. Against a backdrop of a continuing boom in the server industry, companies, as clear leaders, are expected to continue to benefit, with the logic of their long-term growth unchanged.
1. Wave Information [People ' s Computers & Communications] (20-year Quarterly Review: Performance exceeded expectations, server industry accelerated up
The 19-year review of the [people's computer] wave (000977), which continued to perform well, was consistently expected to be 53.9 times lower in 2020, thus maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Server needs are not as high as expected; repayments are not as high as expected; the epidemic affects downstream capital expenditures; a summary of company financial statement data projections
In 2019, the head of the Education & Computer Industry of the Civil Security Institute joined the Institute of Civil Securities and the Master of Financial Sciences of the Shanghai Foreign Economics and Trade University. Former author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Consultancy Association of China, he was assured that the data used in the report would be derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, sought to be objective, impartial and the conclusions would not be influenced by any third party.