The Cullen Pharmacy Industry (002422), the Chuan Ning Dynasty and the R & D have been fruitful, and the company is in a new phase of growth, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: Companies publish annual reports, yielding revenue of $8.57 billion in 2016, or +10.3% of the year; Mothers' net profits are planned to buy back $100 million a share per share of up to $20 for follow-up equity incentive schemes. The Trunchin project is starting to wrinkle, and the company’s performance is expected to rise to a new level.
+15.2% of the year, while the net profit on maternity was the same -94.4%, mainly due to a significant increase in the rights of minority shareholders. Billions of dollars, +1.4% of the year, considering the continuation of the replacement of the plastic bottle with a bag and a steady growth of the infusion plate; 2.2.2 billion yuan, +31.7% of the year, of the non-infusion income, mainly from the first sulfur-filled phase of Kawaning.
Production, from a loss of $8.61 million to a profit of $13.92 million. Given that the price of sulfur red is expected to rise continuously, that the second stage of penicillin and thorium will be fully produced, and that plastic water needle formulations will be active, we believe that the Trunchin project will begin to be the main growth point in its performance in the last two years.
Innovation drives a great deal of results, and corporate performance and valuation are expected to improve simultaneously. In 2012, the company developed a “triple-driven” development strategy, in which innovation drives the company’s most important point of view. Since 2013, the company has invested more than $1.9 billion in research and development, currently has 337 varieties of research, 49 excellent drugs have been approved for clinical treatment, and some have been processed.
This annual report details progress in the development of imitations and innovative product lines for small chemical molecules, biomoleculars and new delivery systems (ndds) for China and the global market (see appendix): 1) Domestic imitations: more than 250, 48 in clinical cases and 23 in production; 2) international imitations:
10 of them, 2 of them entering the cmo conversion phase; 3) 40 of them, 1 of them clinically reported; 4) biopharmaceuticals: 2 for clinical purposes, 1 for clinical trials; 5) new agents: 4 for clinical purposes. From the research lines, it is expected that 5-15 products will be continuously marketed each year, starting in 2017.
We believe that, as research and development drives, the effects of new product-to-business performance will gradually become apparent, while corporate valuations are expected to increase.
The firm’s performance points are clear, future performance and valuation are expected to rise at the same rate, while high-intensity R & D inputs will strongly push up the company’s development space. Therefore, the “buy-in” rating is maintained.
At present, more than 330 projects have been initiated for the new drivers' valuation. Domestic generics: more than 250 (excluding Ndds16) have been developed for domestic counterfeiting, covering neoplasms and ancillary drugs,
Bacteria infections, intestinal nutrients, cardiovascular diseases, neuroses, diabetes, anaesthesia, and other high-prevalence diseases in the country. As of January 2017, 48 medicines had been approved for clinical treatment or be.
International imitation: In July 2015, Colon officially launched an international imitation study, and in order to achieve the goal of product clustering and early listing, KRI ' s rapid-promotion product line cluster layout and project research progress and the construction of cgmp production workshops in line with the requirements of fda in the United States have set up nearly 10 sterile injections and 2 have entered the production transfer phase of cmo.
Innovating small molecules: In 2014 Collon officially launched an innovative small molecule study, and now has nearly 40 innovative small molecular drug studies on proven and non-verified targets for major diseases such as tumor and swelling, hepatitis B, non-alcoholic fat liver, and anaesthetic pain. In the second half of 2016, Colon’s first autonomous anti-cancer drug, kl070002, was declared clinically.
Biotechnology Medicines: In May 2013, Colon officially launched the Big Molecular Drug Study, which is currently being studied on the remaining confirmed and non-verified targets of mono- and anti-coupled drug combinations. In late 2016, anti-egfr mono-injection fluids were clinically introduced; at the end of 2016, the recombined anti-vegfr2 mono-humanly cloned antibody injection fluid for treating high stomach cancer in China was achieved
Ndds: More than 10 Ndds drug studies have been initiated in 2015 on efficiency reduction and target targeting of classic chemotherapy drugs, and on slow, controlled and long-acting preparations for excellent diabetes mellitus and mental illness.
Indigenin nanoparticles: In 2016, three declarations of ind were completed (Dossithalyte-protein nanoparticles, Alecone long-acting microcrystals, Ilyyl lysine hydrochloride) of which two projects were the first or the first to be declared in the country. Table 4: Progress report on corporate innovation-type drugs in 2016
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.