The mid-term stump (300308.sz) began well in the quarter, benefiting from the accelerated deployment of 400g light modules, with a smooth overall growth in corporate revenue and profits in 2021.
77.0 billion yuan, an increase of 9.16 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of 877 million yuan, an increase of 13.3 per cent over the same period; net gold currents of 813 million yuan, a significant improvement compared to 2020.
At the income end, the deployment of high-end modules, such as 400g and 200g, has accelerated the growth of demand for orders from companies; market demand for domestic telecommunications networks has grown significantly, with a high 10gpon market growth and a record high in storage of technology revenues and net profits; the domestic 5g module market needs to go to stock.
The 52-week maximum/minimum price falls, and the company’s related income falls. The decline in net profit is mainly due to increases in equity incentives and sales of 100 per cent of middle-smart equity and lower performance in the middle-intelligence period.
The company’s operating income and net return profits were 2,089 million yuan and 217 million yuan, which were 41.91 per cent and 63.38 per cent higher, respectively. Both the Māori rate and the net interest rate were raised by the same ratio, resulting in a decrease in the overall cost associated with better product design and better post-natal and manufacturing costs.
The company’s market share is solid in the context of accelerated deployments of 200g and 400g. According to dell’oro, the global data centre’s capital expenditure is expected to increase by 17% in 2022, which will drive the demand for light modules.
Firms remain ahead of the 200g and 400g shares, with a clear competitive advantage, giving priority to the industry’s landscape dividend. Companies increase their R & D input and commercialization of new products and technologies, laying the foundation for long-term growth.
Midmiddle Queens-300308-2021: late orders for 800g light series modules completed sampling, testing and certification to clients, 400g silicon chip fably. Midmiddle Queens-300308-20 semi-annual review: high industry, high year-round growth.
On the related side, products such as 400gzr and 200gzr for data centre interconnection or telecommunications city network scenes have formed a small batch.
Production and delivery of goods. The company conducted pre-research on key cpo technologies and formed a professional team to explore new performance growth points in the field of outreach in the light communications industry, such as Digital + Telecommunications Light.
Midmiddle Whirlwind - 30308 - Critical Events Rapid Review: Global Light Module Market Warming, Good Watch Investment Proposal: Higher Profit Forecasts, Maintenance of Buy-in Ratings. Based on the continued high performance of digital market demand and high growth of one quarter, we raise profit forecasts,
Income and profits grew steadily, benefiting 200 and 400 million yuan, an increase of 9.16 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother was 877 million yuan, an increase of 13.3 per cent in the same year; and deduction of the non-profit is a significant improvement in 2020. The company intends to find a gold dividend of 2.20 yuan (inclusive) per 10 shares.
Of this amount, q4 achieved operating income of 2,373 million yuan in the first quarter and net parent profit of $317 million, an increase of 28.7 per cent and 19.3 per cent, respectively.
The deployment of blocks has led to an increase in demand for corporate orders; (2) a marked increase in demand in the domestic telecommunications network market, with a high growth of the 10g pon market and a historically high level of revenue from storage technology and net profits; and (3) a decline in demand and corporate-related revenues in the domestic 5g light market.
The decline in net profit from deductions is mainly due to (1) increases in equity incentives leading to a reduction in net return profits by about $58 million compared to 2020: (2) a reduction in the company ' s current performance in selling 100 per cent of middle intelligence and middle intelligence results in a reduction in net return profits by about $20 million.
Figure 2: Midlife’s net profit return from 2017-2021 and the same rate of increase (billion yuan, %) The change in the cost of sales, management, R & D and finance costs of companies in 2021 is based on a product quality assurance fee, which is not available in the current period.
Interest on loans increased in the current period. In 2021, the number of employees of the company fell as a result of the dissipation of mid-term intelligence services, resulting in an increase in per capita remuneration.
26.2%. Medium- and low-speed communication units earn 897 million yuan, an increase of 3.19% over the same period. Light components are the second largest revenue, 103.09%, benefiting from the accelerated construction of a two gigabytes of light network by domestic telecommunications operators.
The light module completes the sampling, testing, and authentication of customers, and the 400g silicon chip Fabble rate continues to increase, preparing for stabilization of production; the 800g silicon chip development is successful. On the related side, products such as 400gzr and 200gzr for data-centre interconnection or telecommunications city network scenes have been produced and delivered in small quantities.
The Institute of Industry has carried out pre-research on key technologies in cpo, and has continued to build an advanced photochip industrial technology platform with a 2.5d and 3d mix of envelopes. At the same time, the company has now established a professional team to explore new performance growth points in the outreach of the optical communications industry, such as laser radar.
The growth of the North American cloud company capex drives the growth of the demand for luminous modules. The cloud company capex has a strong positive correlation with the luminous module plant. According to dell'oro, the capital of the global data centre grew by 9 per cent in 2021, exceeding $200 billion, and is projected to grow by 17 per cent in 2022, including super-large cloud producers.
The cwdm/dwdm light module is the core driver of industry growth. The middle-class market leadership has continued to consolidate as a result of the company’s growth in sales of 200g and 400g products in the digital market.
In the first quarter of 2022, the fourth quarter of which was the beginning of a good start, market demand was expected to rise the company ' s earnings and profits by a quarterly round-up in 2021. In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved a business gain.
The income growth benefited mainly from high-end communications models, such as 200 g, 400g, and high-end light communications.
The company’s normal production operations are not affected by the epidemic, and logistics are generally smooth. With the continued release of the downstream high-speed light module, the company’s output is expected to rise quarterly.
In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved a net cash flow of 900 million yuan in business activity, up from an all-time high, with a marked improvement in the same ring ratio, reflecting, to a certain extent, the high profile of several markets overseas. In the first quarter of 2022, both the company’s Māori rate and net interest rate increased by the same amount, mainly due to a drop in the company’s internal value.
Rapidly ahead of the fall in product prices, the company ' s second generation 400g light module was designed to optimize its productivity, and good rates and manufacturing costs continued to optimize as the product climbed. In the first quarter of 2022, the company ' s sales/management/research and development (R & D)/fiscal cost share increased the human cost, plant outbreak control, etc.
The recognition and payment of fees for external consultancy services has also led to a certain cost increase.Figure 15: Mid-Stock 1901-2201 Māori rate and net interest rate (%, %)1 and the high-speed light communication module has benefited from the continued upscaling of 200g, 400g and 800g to maintain high-profile demand.
The light component benefits from the construction of the two gigagrams of light network, with Chengdu holding the main supplier of domestic telecommunications access, and is expected to benefit from the industrial dividend, which is expected to grow at a rate of 35 per cent, 30 per cent and 30 per cent over the next three years.4 Cost rates are expected to decline steadily as the company size effect becomes apparent.
According to the Schedule: Financial Forecasts and Valuations, the authors ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, and through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author