Influenza and stock loss caused losses in the first half of the year - semi-annual review of petrochemicals in China in 2020 31 August 2020
In the first half of the year, the epidemic and the loss of stocks led to losses, promising marginal improvements in future earnings, and a reduction of the RMB 70.6 billion. This is mainly due to the combined effects of the epidemic and the sharp fall in oil prices, a decline in company crude oil processing, chemical products and finished oil operations, a fall in the price of major products, a large loss in stock and a significant contraction of Maori.
Wind, the average price of tar was $65 per barrel in December 2019, $41 per barrel in June 2020, and the company’s crude oil processing volume of 90 million tons in the first half of 2020 resulted in a stockpile loss of about 18.4 billion dollars. We judge that, as the epidemic subsides in the future, the recovery of domestic production is expected to accelerate, and the company’s future profits are expected to continue to improve.
According to the section, the losses in exploration and development plate operating were RMB 6 billion, a reduction of RMB 12.2 billion in the same year, mainly due to the impact of a significant drop in crude oil prices; the losses in refining plate operating were RMB 31.7 billion, a decrease of $50.8 billion in the same year; and sales were mainly due to the effects of the epidemic, lower demand for chemical products, lower prices and a decline in the Māori industry.
\triangleright Large-scale: companies are large-scale, medium- and downstream integrated domestic energy-chemicals companies, oil refining and ethylene-capable countries.
At the end of the year, companies deployed 30702 Chinese petrochemical gas stations in the core of the country, representing 0.1% of the total. The company refueled earlier, pre-empted and exclusive, and was a central barrier to the company’s marketing network.
Technical barriers: The company has a number of core technologies in exploration and exploitation and refining. In 2019, it applied for 6160 patents, and won one Chinese patent award, three silver prizes, and three excellent awards. Upstream, progress was made in the theory of large and medium-sized gas fields in the Sichuan basin and in research into exploration techniques, supporting the breakthrough of gas reserves in the Sichuan basin and autonomous research and development of drilling wells.
In oil refining, the development of different formulations for low sulphur combustion and long-lasting tests, high-end diesel oils meeting international standards and industrial production and commercial promotion. In chemical engineering, the second generation of environmentally efficient aromatic industry demonstration devices successfully drove, slurry bed-based hydroxylene, pyrooxygen, pyrotropical aromatics, etc.
Industrial transformation of the triad technology package, with new structure molecular scmscm-15 obtained the IMCS structural code.1 China ' s petrochemicals (600028) 19-year review report: prices of major refined products have fallen, net gains have been realized
2 " China ' s petrochemical (600028) 20-year-long reporting point " , International oil prices decline: the pace of the phase-out of backward capacity slows down.
20200429 Yang Xing: The Nanjing University Lands School, in conjunction with the United States Department of Chemical Engineering, University of Rutgers, develops a PhD (Earth Detection and Information Technology, Calculating the Directions of Chemistry and Hydrocarbon Resources) for geochemistry. In October 2014, he joined the Human Security Scheme for industrial research in the direction of petrochemicals, building materials, 2015.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.