Reverse performance of the cycle recovery, working with big players to expand operations.
• Core investment logic: performance reverses, and there are signs of a reversal. The main reasons are: first, last year's return to a low net profit base; second, with steady growth expectations, the industry benefits capital investment plus, output clean-up, stock replacement needs, etc., combined with incentives such as one-way, basic
The improvement is more certain that the company’s monthly sales of automobile cranes have been growing at a high rate of 65% + for the third consecutive month since October, with 17 years of q1 expected to continue, providing performance elasticity; and, thirdly, efficiency gains through asset stripping, among other things. The company is expected to increase its presence in the business sector and is expected to create synergies in a number of areas, such as overseas markets;
Alibaba, Hua, a giant industrial network, or a new profit model. Quality of industry improvement, with high growth in crane sales expected to continue in the short term. Improved corporate profitability is highly correlated with the recovery of the industry cycle, and growth in corporate crane sales is being catalysed by the following factors:
(a) Inventory is cleared. During the low-prevalence period in the industry, leading firms increase market concentration, and competition is enhanced: (2) stock exchange. The higher-than-expected volume of excavator sales is a prior indicator of recovery in the industry, the volume of holdings The replacement demand is an important support for recovery in the current cycle, and the volume of crane sales is relatively lagging; (3) the power shift is delayed.
The difference between the share of real estate development investment in fixed asset investment and the share of capital investment is increasing year by year, and there is still room for upgrading; (4) all the way around. When Trump takes office, infrastructure is seen as one of the core governance approaches that will directly improve the global downstream demand in the engineering and machinery industry, and it is hoped that it will be upgraded.
• To improve the layout of the company, to join the big players or to open up a new profit model for the company The company has recently set to raise an additional $5,156 million in funds, (1) to introduce the war into the Xin industry, the shareholders being the Chinese source of Xinjin energy, and the strong overseas resources, which will create synergies with the resources of the company in order to facilitate the acquisition of international orders by the company; (2)
End-of-life equipment and large-environment industry projects will enrich the company ' s product lines and further expand its business areas; (3) The manufacturing base project in India will provide a solid basis for the company to activate the market, further re-radiate the South-East Asia and Middle East areas in Indian markets; (4) The industrial Internet project will accelerate the layout.
Building a Chinese version of the Predix platform to open up new profit models such as post-market services for companies. Real estate policy upgrades and ppp landings are less than expected, which may affect the continued recovery in demand for engineering machinery.
I. Core recommended logic: Reverse performance, join hands with the giant Xu Yu, one of the leading companies in the domestic engineering and machinery industry, with both business earnings and net profits ranking in 2015
The first three are also developers and developers of domestic industry standards, including engineering cranes, shoveling machines, engineering machinery spare parts, plant machinery, compact machinery, road surface machinery, fire-fighting machinery, etc., of which the first three operations accounted for 34.56 per cent, 13.02 per cent and 15.41 per cent, respectively. The market for mobile cranes in companies continues to be world-led, with vehicle cranes, rollers, etc.
The market share of flats, stalls, dredgers, high-altitude fire trucks, etc., continues to be at the top of the domestic industry, with loaders rising to the top three in the domestic industry, and the company ' s market position in the area of crane segmentation and worldwide marketing networks are important signs of a reversal of company performance in 2016.
The decline was reduced to -7.45%, resulting in a net return to the mother of $165 million, an increase of 779.31% over the same period. Three reasons for the company ' s significant increase in profit in 2016 were the following: first, the low base of net return to the mother in 2015 was at a historically low level in 2007; and second, the higher-than-expected sales of excavators became a precursor to the recovery of the industry, which, according to our research, was guaranteed.
A more reasonable explanation of the demand for replacement as a driver of the growth in sales of the wheeler is also an important support for the recovery of the cycle. A steady increase is expected, with the benefit of capital investment in the engineering and machinery industry being added to the build-up code, output clean-up, product replacement needs, etc., and a more definite improvement in the base.
The high growth in corporate machinery sales is the main reason for improved performance and is the main indication of subsequent elasticity. The cumulative sales of 4688 car cranes, representing an increase of 0.97 per cent over the previous year, have reversed the increase since 2012 despite a modest increase throughout the year.
For the fourth year in a row, sales have declined significantly. From this month’s sales, the company’s car cranes have grown at a high rate of 65 per cent per month for three consecutive months since October. In particular, in December 2016, the company’s vehicle cranes sold 546 units per month, a corresponding increase of 562 vehicles, or 11.99 per cent, and the vehicle cranes above 60t, or 12.65 per cent.
The improved profitability of Xu's machinery is highly correlated with the recovery of the entire engineering and machinery industry, which is now expected to improve in the short term, with a catalytic effect of the following four factors: (1) inventory clearance.
The excess capacity of the industry brought about by the $4 trillion in '08 was gradually digested and cleared, and the leading firms grew competitive by size during the low industrial years, with high market concentration and market control, and (2) stock exchange. Since 08, the last expansion of engineering and machinery products has taken seven or eight years, and the economy continues to decline, together with the recovery of future industries.
In the case of equipment owners, there is a demand for stock replacement, and in the absence of a clear policy, enterprise-end assets are disposed of more proactively, and the output structure is optimized; (3) power switching. With the upgrading of real estate regulation policies, the difference between the share of real estate development investment and capital investment in the completion of fixed assets is increasing year by year, approaching 08.
In this way, the building block becomes an important bargaining chip for steady growth, and its role in steady growth will gradually be strengthened irreversibly, taking into account the $4 trillion in logic and ppp support, and the share of capital investment in fixed-asset investments will have much scope for improvement: (4) all the way. When Trump takes office, capital expansion will be seen as one of the core governance approaches, with the expectation of a contraction strategy for Asia and the Pacific, with China and the United States investing in capital.
The promise reached on the capital side will directly improve the global downstream demand in the engineering and machinery industry, which is a typical investment-driven industry. (i) Engineering and machinery: better profits are higher than expected; revenue gains for major firms in the engineering and machinery industry will be higher than expected in 2016.
Industry, in terms of the industrial chain of engineering and machinery, the industries of real estate, infrastructure construction, electricity, coal, etc. constitute the downstream demand of the industry. In terms of new building areas, investment in infrastructure, and new fixed-asset investment indicators, 300 million yuan is a negative increase for nine months this year, down 4% in November; the cumulative area of new construction is 151.348 million square metres.
Me, a 7.6 per cent increase in the same year, a year-on-year increase at a lower rate; cumulative infrastructure investment of $13,15,870 million, an increase of 17.21 per cent. However, in the face of a slowdown in downstream investment, the major firms in the engineering and machinery industry have achieved a contraction in losses from indicators such as the return of the entire engineering machinery to the mother ' s net profit and the net asset rate of return.
In the first three quarters of 2016, the net profit loss on the mechanical plate of civilian machinery was $424.56 million, compared to the same period last year, and the excess expected sales of excavators in 2016 was a precursor to the recovery of the industry. According to data released by industry associations, 6910 excavators were sold in the current month in December, an increase of 75.03 per cent compared with 75.63 per cent, an increase of 3.69 per cent in the ring and four consecutive monthly increases in single-month sales.
(b) In terms of cumulative sales completed throughout the year, 70,320 sales were delivered throughout 2016, compared with 56,349 sales in the previous year, an increase of 24.79 per cent. The overall level of sales, which was at 2007 and 2008, was still well below the sales of 90,507 sales in 2014.
(ii) Inventory: Increased concentration of the industry Engineering cranes, tower cranes, loaders, asphalt concrete floorers, road bumpers, bulldozers, rollers, flats, nine major engineering machinery products for four years in a row, showing negative growth.
By way of example, the stock of excavators has been reduced from 13333 in 2011 to 6799 in 2015, with the tower cranes gradually digesting the excess capacity of the engineering machinery resulting from the 4 trillion expansion plan, and the excess capacity of the industry on the side of the supply, which will be beneficial.
The weak engineering and machinery industry and the de-stocking cycle provide a window of time for industry leaders to increase their presence in the market. As market concentration increases, high-market-dominated engineering and machinery taps gain greater control over the market and are more dominant in size.
In January, 51.35% rose to 61.14% in October, with a maximum value of 63.33% in August. The increased concentration of the market in the engineering and machinery segment will help to eliminate the excess capacity of small businesses, crowd out their market share, take advantage of their market position, and make it strong.
Figure 14: Inventory of products in the engineering machinery segment (in units of table) Figure 13: Inventory of major engineering machinery products for the fourth consecutive year Figure 15: Increased market concentration of excavators
(iii) stock replacement: a reasonable explanation of the higher than expected sales of drivers and machinery in our published report " Reciprocal replacement needs from secondary excavator transaction data analysis excavators "
Starting with the history of excavators, engineering machines, and the sales of second-hand excavators that we have at our disposal, a systematic study of the reasons that drive the higher than expected growth in sales of this wheel. It is argued that, with the current trend of stable capital investment and new start-up of real estate, even a slight decline, the demand for change in holdings is a reasonable explanation for the increase in sales of this wheeler in 2016.
Digger sales are expected to continue at around 2017, and the potential scale of stock replacements is likely to be far greater than the market expected, and according to our estimates, around 200,000 are in a rolling state of renewal and sustainability over the next few years. Since then, the entire engineering and mechanical product has achieved total non-road 3 emissions from non-road countries, road use 4 emissions from countries of entry, and targets.
It seems that the whole product has been upgraded in a round of initial inventions of more than 2,000. Engineering machinery itself is of active age, the market is not moving, and there is a need for replacements in the cycle. According to our grass-roots research, the cycle of engineering and machinery products is 16-18 months in a short cycle, 3-5 years in a medium cycle, 10-15 years in a maximum product range.
The life cycle is different. From the point of view of the owner of the equipment, the cost of using the equipment is considered to be a new basis, with 20 tons of excavators, for example, the rent of 20,000 yuan/month being guaranteed, and the cost of maintaining and using the equipment is increasing year by year, gradually exceeding that price.
The expansion of engineering and mechanical products has taken seven or eight years, and with the prospect of a future recovery in the industry, there may be a need for equipment owners to replace their stocks. At present, the key is to see how policies are matched to drive this stock replacement, and in the absence of clarity about the policies, to step up the disposal of assets at the end of the enterprise, to speed up the industry’s excess capacity.
Since 2013, the major engineering and machinery industry has optimized production capacity and resource distribution through asset divestiture. In 2015, Xu Xu Xu removed 90% of Xu's shares from Brazil and 75% of Xu Xu's shares; in 2016, three Quantities transferred 100% of Beijing's Trinity stock to Trinity Technology; and transferred Trinity Motors and Trinity Cars.
In addition, Xu has recently implemented a combined “Eastward Up” project to boost internal hydraulics, transmissions, electrical appliances, fuel tank kits and structural recovery, thereby increasing capacity utilization. Greater disposal of assets within the enterprise will help optimize the enterprise's internal production structure and reduce non-availability.
(iv) Power shifts: real estate policy is tight, capital investment is much higher, real estate policy is tight, capital investment is an important leverage for steady growth. Real estate investment is important for the engineering and machinery industry.
In October, the real estate market went through four rounds of real estate regulation policies during the year. On 21 December, President Xi Jinping hosted the fourteenth meeting of the Central Financial and Economic Leadership Group, which proposed “the regulation of the housing rental market and the containment of real estate bubbles”, real estate regulation was escalating, and the policy regulation in the current round was more robust than expected.
There is room for greater growth in capital investment. Trends show that real estate investment has declined from year to year in fixed asset investment, remaining at around 17.4 per cent for the second consecutive year. It is argued that the future will continue to decline in real estate investment in fixed asset investment as the policy of housing regulation continues to grow and capital investment increases.
The ratio of 25.28% investment in infrastructure is already very close to 25.86% in 2008. Although the 2009 ppp model did not create a new demand directly for infrastructure, it eased the financial pressure on the project and facilitated the project’s landing and objective up-and-up-down-stream engineering requirements. According to the Ministry of Finance’s ppp centre, access to the warehouse was up to the end of September.
The greatest advantage of ppp is that the government, by transferring part of the profits, attracts social capital participation and capital projects, solves the problem of pre-project financing, reduces the government ' s debt ratios, balances policy attributes and market affiliation, and makes many planned but underfunded infrastructure projects short-term, driven by the ppp model.
Thus, while the ppp model does not create a new demand for infrastructure, it can be implemented centrally in the short term. It is expected that in the short term, with the gradual increase in the location of the ppp project during the 13th Five-Year Plan, infrastructure will provide a strong guarantee for the revival of the engineering and machinery industry.
(v) All the way: opening up space for the internationalization of engineering machinery, a “one-way” strategy to advance the engineering and machinery industry. Trump came to power to include infrastructure projects as one of his economic policy propositions.
But there is no doubt about the tendency to shift the focus of governance from overseas to domestic strategic shifts. In a letter to the newspaper, Trump’s National Security Counsel asked James Woolsey that the Obama administration’s failure to join the China-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIB) was a strategic mistake in the United States and a clear signal.
According to financial reports, as of September 2016, China had completed its strategy with more than 70 countries, regions and international organizations, with China's orders for projects in countries along the “one-way” line amounting to $1.36 trillion, and accumulated non-financial direct investment.
With a sum of $1.07 trillion, the People’s Bank has signed a total of $3.12 trillion with monetary authorities in 35 countries or territories. Xu is a typical representative of the internationalization of the engineering and machinery industry.
With 50 top rankings (2015 yellowtable), Xu's sales earnings in 2014 ranked eighth in the world as a manufacturer of engineering machinery, ranking first among Chinese firms. Its product distribution network covers 174 countries and regions, with more than 280 foreign agents worldwide providing full-scale marketing services to users, maintaining industry exports for 25 years.
The company’s overseas revenues have had a huge potential to grow. From 2014 onwards, overseas revenues from its overseas operations have had considerable scope in terms of its income area distribution structure.
Export sales continued to grow steadily after a brief decline in 2013. As of November 2016, the number of net domestic crane exports stood at 25067, an increase of 36.58 per cent over the same period, a significant increase from 2014 and 2015.
In recent years, companies have raised $5.156 billion in funds and introduced strategic investors, such as the Hua Xin industry, which we believe will have a positive impact on companies in the following ways: (a) to invest in the Xin industry, shareholders in China's energy resources, overseas resources, etc.
A strong, resource-resilient effect will be created with the company to facilitate its access to international orders: (2) the high end equipment and large environmental industries project will enrich the company's product lines and further expand the business area of the company: (3) the Indian manufacturing base project will provide a firm foundation for the company to open up the city, further to the Indian market to irradiate areas such as South-East Asia, the Middle East, etc.: (4) Xu's information as “c2m commercial”
Proponents and practitioners of Industry Ecology, with experience in shaping the red-collar model, have recently joined forces to create a national version of the Predix platform, such as Ali Baba, which promotes the transformation of companies from equipment manufacturers to service providers, and promises to build Chinese ge, replicate the mature model across industries and open up new profit models for companies.
(i) An additional $5,156 million is earmarked to deepen the strategic layout Billion dollars to be used for high-end equipment smart manufacturing projects, environmental industries projects, engineering and machinery upgrades and internationalization projects, industrial Internet upgrading projects, Replenishment Xu Industries Finance Ltd. The stock is closed.
When it was completed, the Chinese industry, the rich investment, the investment of Thai Won, the investment of Tae-hee held shares in the company 7.38 per cent, 5.19 per cent, 4.61 per cent and 1.85 per cent, respectively (of which the ordinary partners in the investment of Tae-hee and Tae-won were both new and handsome in Hangzhou, constituting a concerted action relationship with a combined share of 6.46 per cent of the company) and were therefore shareholders in more than 5 per cent of the company ' s shares, thus making it a non-public issue.
For this proposed increase, we believe it will have a positive impact on companies in the following areas: (1) Industrial Internet projects will contribute to the pace of corporate informatization and manufacturing integration, improve asset efficiency at the asset end, and promote public interest.
The Division converts and opens up new profit models from equipment manufacturers to service providers; (2) introduces the Tsin Tsin industry, with shareholders in China-China-China Energy Company Ltd. and strong overseas resources, which will create synergies with corporate resources and enable corporate international business expansion; (3) high-end equipment and large-scale environmental industry projects will enrich corporate product lines and deepen corporate business areas; (4) Indian workers
The project will provide a solid basis for the company to activate the Indian market, further re-radiate the South-East Asia, the Middle East, etc. (ii) Building on Xu's information to build a Chinese version of the Predix platform
Predix is industry ' s Andre system. In 2012, a cloud-oriented software platform was proposed by ge, which connects and connects industrial asset equipment and suppliers to clouds, provides asset performance management (apm) and operates optimization services. The platform is centred on apm, which can help enterprises to achieve asset management (eam), precautionary maintenance (pm),
Predictability maintenance (pdm), plant asset management (pam), and environmental health and safety (eh&s) functions. In 2014, ge launched 40 industrial Internet technologies and products that are widely applied in areas such as oil and gas, medical services, transport, engineering and mechanical equipment, and energy management, generating $1 billion for companies.
Large Internet data-driven manufacturing services are the future trends of traditional manufacturing. In our recent in-depth report Focusing on the Trends Dividends of Industrial Internet-driven Manufacturing Upgrading, we suggest that the Internet has largely changed the behaviour of consumers over the past 20 years, and that the future will usher in the industrial Internet age as virtualization and information levels deepen.
At the end, at the financial end, at the logistics end, the Internet is an irreversible trend in the transformation of industry, especially the heavy asset end. The key to manufacturing services is the dataization of equipment, the transformation of large data technologies to the asset end running through the entire chain of manufacturing industries, from machine production, supply chain management, business model innovation to predictive maintenance, which increases the surcharges of manufacturing end firms.
One of the core logic of the report is that the industrial Internet is better suited for domestic manufacturing than industrial 4.0, especially heavy assets. German industry follows the development process of 1.0-4.0, which focuses on the adoption of cps (information physics systems).
To adapt product design and manufacturing ends, asset equipment cannot be upgraded beyond the limit. It should be recognized that traditional domestic manufacturing is generally suspended and that the promotion of industry at 4.0 is a slightly radical component, with a range of industries and a small number of enterprises. However, the logic of the US Industrial Internet is more focused on the process of “soft and hard” - i.e., the use of large ones.
Data and property networking technologies connect existing equipment assets, optimize assets and optimize operations. The underlying logic is to achieve faster production by allocating and optimizing resources, increasing industrial efficiency, reducing costs, rather than substituting machines for manual labour. Therefore, taking into account national realities, we are reflecting on the need to reduce costs and increase asset prices as soon as possible.
The difference between industrial Internet and industrial 4.0. Recent industrial Internet policies and events are more frequent, as evidence of our logic. Internet+manufacturing countries since 2015
On 3 December 2016, the Deputy Minister of Trade and Communications, Chen Zhaoxiang, delivered a speech entitled " Promoting the development of the industrial Internet for the construction of a new system of industrial development " , which proposed the promotion of joint industrial Internet pilot demonstrations by relevant units up and down the industrial chain, leading industrial enterprises to actively build applications.
On January 9, 2017, Trinity, Roots Interconnected Technology Ltd. and Hua signed a strategic cooperation agreement on cloud computing, which will allow the three parties to cooperate in all aspects of networking in industry, smart cities, etc.
Xu's successive layout shows the great importance that the giants of the engineering and machinery industry attach to the industrial Internet strategy. Xu's information is an experienced architect of the “c2m business model” of the Red Lead Group.
Lu, the company started the information system at the earliest in 2009, launched the overall information system upgrading project within the group, and in July 2014 formally established Xu Industries Information Company Ltd. The company ' s operations covered two-fold integration advice, smart manufacturing, material networking, consulting applications, e-commerce, software development, and seven private cloud panels. In 2014, operating revenue was 21.8165 million yuan and net profits were realized.
Since its establishment, Xu's first business, “c2m commercial ecology” has been spearheaded in the industry, and has helped the Red Leader Group to quickly raise its reputation from a small, unknown business. In February 2016, Xu's company injected 60% of Xu's share of Xu's information into the company that listed Xu's machinery.
On November 23, 2016, the Xu Group announced the creation of China's first industrial cloud platform, the Xu Industrial Cloud, in collaboration with China's top resource, to build a Chinese version of the Predix platform.
A new industrial economic development model for networking + cloud technology + manufacturing. This is a Chinese version of the Predix platform. This is an increase in the amount of $4.383 million that companies intend to invest in new-generation information technology applications in engineering machinery, including Xu Industrial Cloud, Xu Industrial Data Platform, Xu Industrial Networking Platform, Integrated Marketing Control Platform, and Smart Supply.
The platform consists of three layers: the Yaas platform, the Paas platform, the Saas platform, the foundation platform for the Xu Industrial Cloud, the Paas platform, the core competency platform and the Saas platform, the big data application platform.
(b) Paas: In addition to the series of shared centres necessary to build the cloud structure, build the Xu's Big Data Platform for enterprise big data analysis and mining;
Saas layer: Build a range of application-oriented information systems based on the business needs of the company, cloud corporate information systems architecture, and meet market and customer needs, as evidenced by synergies between market- and customer-centred marketing systems, agile supply chain systems and customized R & D design.
Traditional architecture optimization: including the integration of existing financial management resources, the construction of financial shared service centres and the deepening of the application of the company ' s former product data management (pdm) system to achieve collaborative research and development across professional and regional lines, including the application of modules such as experimental product data management, reliability management and navigation design
X, and through the creation of a crowdsourcing platform on industrial clouds to build a collaborative research and development information platform, which builds a complete information system for research, production, supply, marketing and service-wide value chains, transforming the traditional “manufacture-marketing” production-type manufacturing landscape to a service-type composite model of “technology-management-services”.
It is expected that the company’s advantage in the industrial Internet of Xu’s information will facilitate the transformation of the company from a supplier of equipment to a service provider. The conversion of the equipment provider to a service provider.
Connectivity, internal asset optimization and business optimization, improved operating efficiency within an enterprise, reduced operating costs, and the use of equipment to capture flow advantages and post-market value-added services.
(iii) The Chinese industrial shareholders are very resourceful and will be strategically synergized with the company. According to the company announcement, the imported Chinese industrial shareholders are Shanghai China Xin International Group Ltd., while the main shareholders of Shanghai Xin International Group Ltd. are China Hua Xin Energy Company Ltd., known as China Hua Xin.
China’s primary energy and finance sector, founded in 2002 by Ye Yip, is a strategy to expand international energy economic cooperation to build an organized international energy investment pool, driven by energy industry operations and investment in the energy industry. In 2015, companies earned over $263.1 billion in operating revenues, and China’s wealth world’s 500th best list, with its business in the 229th place.
China’s oil and gas terminals, which have expanded their operations to the Middle East, Central Asia, and Africa, are trying to create an overseas version of “middle petrochemicals.” The company has 15 first-level investment platform companies, with branches and 36 offices in 23 countries and regions.
It is one of its capital markets and industry-driven finance strategy, which is expected to use its industrial funds and overseas resources to assist in the development of Xu's business as a whole. The HUSin Foundation for Urban Development has been set up together with the capital of the Bureau of Trade and Industry, in cooperation with the Poupau Bank, and with funds such as the China-China, China-King, Jiangxi-Tei, Guangmei, etc.
In cooperation with the Jewish Foundation, a fund has been established in Hong Kong; an energy investment fund has been established with Abu Dhabi to invest in upstream resource equity and equity benefits, and offshore oil and gas reserves and logistics facilities have been acquired and acquired. (iv) High-end equipment and large environmental industry layouts have been optimized to optimize corporate product lines
Intelligent underground space construction equipment manufacturing project is a natural extension of the company's existing operations, with a better industrial base, the project is being implemented by the Xu Kui Iron and is expected to benefit from new market opportunities such as orbital traffic, underground complexes, tunnel construction during the “13th Five-Year” period, mainly in the construction of tunnels in railways, roads and mines, urban orbital traffic, underground
A total of $6,023,000 was invested in underground space construction operations, including the galleries. The construction period was 24 months, with an internal rate of return after tax.
Developed countries are widely used in construction, steel-structured installation, interior and outdoor renovations, building curtain wall cleaning, warehouses, supermarkets, large equipment manufacturing, airports, stations, large galleries, etc. According to Zhejiang Dynasty's corporate bulletins, only 20,000 high-altitude platforms are currently in stock, and 240,000 and 530,000 more in Europe, the United States and the United States, with huge scope for upgrading.
1234.6 billion yuan, with a construction period of 24 months and an internal after-tax rate of return of 16.94 per cent, is proposed by the Smart Logistics Equipment Manufacturing Project to create flexible, quality, scale-based production systems for in-house forklifts, electric forklifts and angv-guided transport vehicles, with full modernization, intelligent logistics equipment development, manufacturing, testing, etc.
The project invested a total of 1,204.5 million yuan in construction for a 24-month construction period, with an internal rate of return after tax The smart compression station project is the first step in the layout of the company's large environmental equipment industry, which is used around the urban waste disposal industry.
According to China’s Statistical Yearbook (2014), investment in urban sanitation fixed assets in urban areas in 2014 amounted to 48.740 billion yuan, a 19.3 per cent increase. This increase is expected to be sustained in 2020, when investments in urban sanitation fixed assets are expected to reach 14.52 billion yuan.
Figure 29: Xu's underground space construction equipment Figure 30: Xu's new generation of high-altitude operating platforms Figure 31: Xu's fully automated intelligent logistics distribution equipment
Figure 32: Xu's new smart sanitation equipment (V) is based on India's project on radiation in South-East Asia, and we've done a system collating of the Indian engineering and machinery market, as reported in the Indian Engineering and Machinery Market Study.
In the report, we suggest that in recent years, India's capital sector has continued to grow in terms of its share of gdp, with capital investment of about $500 billion during the Eleventh Five-Year Plan, or 7.55 per cent of the total, and India will invest between $1.2 trillion during the Twelfth Five-Year Plan (2013-2017) in infrastructure, or 9 per cent of the total amount of gdp, which is invested in road transport and power lines.
The share of the capital sector in bank financing rose from 3.74 per cent in 2002 to 10.4 per cent in September 2015; the private sector invested heavily in the infrastructure sector, which invested $338 billion in the first half of 1990-2015, with a larger share in electricity, roads and telecommunications.
The private sector ' s share of investment in the infrastructure sector has also increased rapidly, from 25 per cent at the time of the fifteenth to 47 per cent during the twelfth-fifth planning period, thanks to the Government of India ' s vigorous promotion of the ppp project to promote private capital.In 2014, the Indian engineering and machinery industry earned $6.5 billion in operating income, compared to an average annual compound growth rate of 8.38 per cent in 2007-2014.
With India’s continued investment in infrastructure, the future growth of India’s engineering and machinery market will continue at a high rate, and India’s weak engineering and machinery industry has opened up market opportunities for overseas engineering and machinery enterprises.
Manufacturers of engineering equipment have a competitive price advantage and are able to meet their use requirements during the delivery cycle. India’s engineering and machinery market is expected to grow by 19-22% per annum in the coming years. By 2020, India’s engineering and machinery market demand will have reached the level of investment needed to open up the Indian market, radiation South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, East Africa, etc.
13,26.42 million dollars, a manufacturing base for the construction of engineering machinery in Chennai, India, is the fourth largest city in India, the largest port city in India, and the second busiest container hub in India New York, with a local concentration of about 49 per cent of India's auto parts industry and 34 per cent of India's vehicle industry, with a marked regional advantage and market space.
The base is about 200,000 square metres in size. It includes the entire process of substrates, structures, coatings, assembly, etc., and can be used to localize production using local location advantages, manpower cost advantages, tax advantages, and experience from Brazil’s production base, significantly reducing the supply cycle of short products. The project is being built over a 24-month period, and the project will be completed with cranes, loaders, excavators, etc.
The production capacity of a range of engineering and mechanical products, such as road crushers and other engineering and mechanical products, yielded an internal rate of return of 12.10 per cent after taxes.IV. The pressure on accounts receivable has been significantly reduced and the asset-liability ratio has been significantly reduced.
When the industry as a whole is under pressure to pay back, the company ' s ability to operate is maintained at a high level, with receivables accounting for two years or less and three years or more below triple 1 and the Middle and Heavy Sections, indicating that the company ' s efforts to pay back have had a positive effect and that the pressure to do so has decreased.
(i) Debt solvency: lower asset-liability ratios, more stable short-term solvency The overall solvency of the company is stronger than that of the trio and the CFC. Vertically, between the third quarter of 2016, short-term solvency was lower than that of the CFC; horizontally, the corporate asset-liability ratio has been present since 2012
The maintenance of the three heavy jobs at a high level of about 60 per cent and the stability of the company in terms of both the mobility ratio and the speed ratio, compared with the two other public divisions, indicate a more stable financial position and a greater ability to repay.
(ii) Operating capacity: industry is under pressure to pay back and companies have a relatively strong operating capacity
High and stable level of industry. Figure 39: Relatively low turnover days for Xu ' s machinery inventory (iii) Accounts receivable: 2 years and less than 3 years and more
In terms of the ratio of monetary funds to receipts and accounts receivable, the Xu Engineering Machinery is between the trio and the Central and Central United Nations Sections, the pressure on the return is lower than the Central and Central United Nations Sections and the cash flow is in good condition; in terms of the ageing structure of the accounts receivable, the company ' s accounts receivable is mostly concentrated for less than two years, and accounts receivable for three years or more are below the Trinity and Central and Joint United Nations Sections.
One of the reasons for the significant decline in the company’s accounts receivable for three years and more is that the company has included the write-down of its accounts receivable as its “Project 1” and has triggered a serious fall in accounts receivable, with a focus on cash-flow targets, which will be new.
Wind control concepts are implemented and passed on to clients and distributors. Figure 43: Proportion of accounts receivable below 1: Real estate policy upgrades and ppp landings below expectations may have an impact on capital demand recovery.
Liu Zhenwoo, head of the large machinery team, undergraduate and master’s degree in materials from Beijing University of Science and Technology, undergraduate studies in metal materials, and postgraduate studies in the development of a system for collecting data on the dissipation of electricity.
Li Yong Peng, undergraduate and master's degree in mechanics, Beijing University of Technology, and seven years in aerospace. The Chinese flight industry, Shen Dynasty, the China Institute of Launch Vehicle Technology and Technology, were engaged in civil aircraft design, strategic planning in space transport systems, general validation of launch vehicles and technical research, space robots, agricultural machines.
Research in the fields of technology, policy direction, and industry in the manufacture of aerospace, space and related equipment. In 2015, he joined Yingyang, a research assistant in the mechanical industry, an undergraduate and a master’s degree at the Chinese People’s University School of Economics, three years of experience in the media, following up on new energy cars, industrial chains, mechanical industries, and civil securities in 2016.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence.