The mechanical i engineering ii industry warms up, the front-liners reboot, the demand for reheating and supply-side stocks gradually repulsed the Qingla industry: in the long run, capital and real estate.
The pace of investment in industry remains an important factor for the future of the engineering machinery. Capital investment has become an important tool for the government to stabilize economic growth, to regulate overheating, and it is expected that capital investment will continue to grow at 20% in both urban and rural areas, and will no longer be able to compete significantly for the sale of new machines.
Process, but still has a significant impact on industry’s warming. The industry’s warm-back transmission path has been defined, and the front line has benefited: the industry’s climate transfer path has been clarified: the excavator is warming in the last two quarters of the year, the crane is increasing at a remarkable rate in the third quarter, and concrete machinery has improved significantly since the beginning of the year.
The company's vehicle crane sales are in the lead of the market, and since 2009 it has maintained a market share of about 50 per cent; there is still room for an upswing of the company's mechanical market, resource-based prices are stable after supply side reforms, and the demand for new machines for the re-entry of minerals will continue; road surfaces, stumps, compact machinery will continue to benefit the country's roads.
The level of investment in railways has continued to be high; companies have a clear technical advantage in high-level equipment, high-end fire-fighting equipment in the country, market space has not been fully opened and fire-fighting equipment has been growing steadily; the concrete and machinery industry has become increasingly visible at the beginning of this year; and the company ' s engineering and machinery spare parts business is the only one that has not been affected by industrial ostracism in recent years.
The pace of growth will at least keep pace with the industry, and there is room for improvement in the Māori rate. The country is self-sufficient, and the industry is in a strong position: the engineering and machinery industry, after nearly five years of deep shuffling, has increased its concentration, while the penetration rate of the national product plate continues to increase; exports are to mitigate the excess capacity of the engineering and machinery industry.
The strategy offers an opportunity for engineering machinery to go out to sea. The firm has deepened its internationalization and has kept its own exports and Xu's main exports leading the country's industry, Zhang Jie.
The Department currently has the production capacity for engineering and mechanical parts such as hydraulic components, mechanical parts, road machinery parts, etc., where the market share of spare parts for engineering machinery remains high in the domestic market for a long time; the company strengthens its accounts receivable management.
The performance of the company was remarkable, with negative corporate cash flows positive in 2014 and significant increases to $1,579 million in the first three quarters of 2016. The company ' s stock turnover was at a faster level within the industry, up to three years before 2016.
Xu Engineering Mechanics: Establishment of an additional code master industry, industrial upgrading of support companies, anchoring high-end, deployment overseas: the company is planning to raise $5.156 billion, which will be used mainly for high-end equipment smart-making projects, smart-compression station projects and engineering machine upgrades, and investment in manufacturing bases for Indian engineering machinery production.
The company's strategy is clear that anchoring high-end equipment will continue to upgrade the company's technological edge, dynamically intelligent underground space, construction equipment, high-altitude operating platforms and smart logistics equipment; it is proposed to invest $250 million in India's manufacturing base, which will in the future be dominated by the Indian Engineering and Mechanical Manufacturing Base project, accelerating its orientation towards a “one-way” country.
The investment profile of households has actively expanded engineering and machinery markets in South Asia, including India, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and East Africa, expanding the global market share of corporate products and achieving corporate internationalization goals.
“4 trillion” to “pre-consumption” in the engineering and machinery industry, followed by “weeks”, the Government introduced 10 measures and two years at the end of 2008 to further expand domestic demand and promote smoother and faster economic growth.
In terms of investment in the “4 trillion” investment programme, the bulk of the investment has been in infrastructure construction and secure housing, which are closely linked to the engineering and machinery industry, which is an important pillar of the country's economic development, with the construction of major projects and new urbanization.
After the “4 trillion” investment, there was an increase in the sale of new machines of various types of engineering machinery in 2010-2011. Excavator sales were used as a precursor to heating in the engineering and machinery industry, amounting to 1,668,000 in 2010, an increase of 75.57% compared to 2009. Excavator sales in 2011 were the highest ever, with 1,784 million sold annually.
In 2010, the annual sales of car cranes amounted to 351,000, a 23.33 per cent increase over the previous year; in 2011, the annual sales of vehicle cranes amounted to 355,000.
Demand, 2012-2015, the volume of excavators continued to decline, with a 245.03 per cent compound increase; the loader compound increase by 26.98 per cent; the car crane compound increase by 28.38 per cent. Multi-year depth adjustments, with some engineering and mechanical enterprises pursuing aggressive marketing policies to absorb excess capacity during expansion, resulted in a series of policies to promote the sale of new machines, such as instalments and zero down payment, and the domestic community as a whole.
The slowdown in economic growth has led to inadequate start-up in some sectors, which have become financial risks beyond the control of the enterprise, and the resulting severe shock and shock. Demand-side recovery is the main driving force behind the industry’s backlash.
(\square) Excavator sales continued to improve at the same rate as from May 2016; the same rate exceeded 45% for six months in a row from August 2016. The sales of engineering machinery, represented by excavators, hit the bottom.
Historical data show that domestic revenues from the engineering and machinery industry are highly correlated with the volume of fixed-asset investments in towns. Trends suggest that the rate of completion of fixed-asset investments has slowed steadily in recent years and has fallen to around 8% in 2016.
In 2016, the three sectors accounted for the largest share of capital investment. The ratio was 31.48%, 17.2%, and 19.93%, respectively, a total of about 70%.
Real estate markets are subject to regulation and will continue to grow at a low rate; manufacturing benefits from “popular entrepreneurship, innovation,” and the acceleration of the country’s manufacturing transition, with a steady increase in investment. In the long run, rising investment in the capital and real estate sectors will remain an important factor in the sustainability of future warming of engineering machinery.
The rate of increase is significantly higher in small digs (less than 13 tons), followed by a relatively slow increase in small digs. The rate of increase varies depending on the structural differences in downstream demand. Small digs are mainly aimed at municipalities, new rural construction, water construction, etc.; the demand for medium digs comes from real estate, roads, etc.; and the main demand for large digs comes from mining, among other things.
The demand for large excavators comes mainly from mining. In times of low resource prices, the mines have reduced production and continued to digest stocks, and some of the mining equipment has been gradually cleaned up to save costs. Iron ore prices have been warming since January 2016, coal prices have recovered markedly since mid-June 2016, mines have resumed to work, and as the price of resources has risen, there has been an incentive to resume mining.
Step strengthening, which has led to demand for large excavators, with some branded large excavator agents having failed at the end of 2016. Figure 9: Sea power Coal Price Index (RM/T) Figure 10: Price Index of Pulse Iron Ore: 62% Fe (USD/T)
Supply-side stock gradually cleared out of barriers to new machine sales (\equiv) In the United States, post-phone market services are known as the “gold industry”; in Europe, the post-market is also profitable for equipment manufacturing industries
"In recent years, our engineering and machinery industry has suffered from a lack of demand, with major companies operating abroad and targeting the post-market market. Second-hand equipment has become the second largest market in the market, and second-hand engineering and machinery transactions have become the second largest market outside the sale of new machines.
The year 2010 - 2011 was the year of engineering machinery, with new machines entering the market in 16 - 17 years into the 5 - 8 year phase-out period; while other two mobile phones are still working, they have entered three or four-line cities and rural areas and are no longer able to compete for the sale of new aircraft.
The company is one of the leading players in China's engineering and machinery industry and ranks among the top major companies in the country's engineering and machinery industry. It is one of the country's most diversified and varied manufacturers of process and machinery. It is also a standard developer and producer of domestic industry standards. It has a leading product innovation capability and the country's best spare parts manufacturing system, with many core products in the domestic market.
At present, the company has three major departments, namely, the Ministry of Lifting Machinery, the Ministry of Reversal Mechanics and the Ministry of Road Mechanics; since 2015, the sale of heavy machinery has accounted for 35.94 per cent of operating income and the sale of shovel machinery has been 13.53 per cent; and the Ministry of Robbing Machinery has been used as a loading machine.
Mainly, the excavator business, which has emerged in recent years from different armies, is not currently in the company; although the Department of Road Machinery has a relatively small share of company revenues, it has benefited from the 13th Five-Year Plan to accelerate road construction, which has a better market for road machinery, and will be small in 2016: the composition of the company's operating revenues.
The tire crane can provide global customers with a full-scale hanger solution in the areas of petrochemicals, wind power, nuclear power, construction, real estate, steel, chemical energy, transportation, etc. The company’s car crane sales are in market leadership position and have remained at about 50% since 2009. In 2016, the company’s crane sales were 4688, with 1-30 tons.
The latest generation of the G series, developed by Xu, was launched in 2016, and the G generation took advantage of the top 15 key technologies in such industries as the Smart Arm Force, six of which were initiated or launched by the industry. Compared to the traditional machine, 100 km of combined oil is guaranteed.
On the basis of a 12% reduction in consumption, the capacity of products to climb has risen to 45%, operational energy utilization has increased by 15%, and the average fuel rate for the general conditions has reached 15%. The g series now accounts for one-third of sales, and efficiency, precision, and safety have all been greatly improved, setting the basis for companies to maintain a leading role in the country in terms of heavy machinery.
With regard to loading machines, the company ' s large-tonne market of more than 6 tons grew by 5 percentage points, and the loaders have risen to the top three in the domestic industry, and new products from the v series loaders have been placed in the lead market in the first half of 2016; large-scale mountain loaders and hydraulic tanks have been massed to equip world-class mining enterprises such as the Australian Leito Group.
The company's pillar machinery, which is mainly based on Xu State Xu Engineering and Mechanics Ltd., was injected into a listed company in 2014 through a merger under the same control. In 2014-2015, it earned $1,692 million and $1,799 million, respectively, and the company's road machinery consisted mainly of rollers, stallers, blenders, flatteners, mills, etc.
The first market in the series of years is the land and airframes. The Department of Road Mechanics currently has a relatively small share of corporate income, and the market is better and has grown slightly in 2016. It is expected that more opportunities will arise along the way.
In 2016, the Ministry of Transport announced on the press that during the “13th Five-Year” period, efforts were made to promote the construction of highways, general provincial roads, rural roads, etc. to ensure that the target of 1.65 trillion yuan in road investments was met. In 2016 alone, 4,500 kilometres of additional highways were secured and the new State was rehabilitated.
Some 16,000 kilometres along the line and 200,000 kilometres of newly modified rural roads are targeted tasks. Since 2010, the market share of company crushers has remained at more than 20%, and this investment in road construction is expected to boost the sale of company road machinery. (i) Industry concentration continues to increase, and the penetration of national product plates continues to increase.
The engineering and machinery industry, after deep shuffling since 2012, has increased its concentration, while the penetration rate of national product plates has continued to grow. The share of direct sales by part of the whole business has increased, and the share of distribution has declined in the overall size of the collection, mainly as a result of the gradual withdrawal of some of the weak distributors from the market. The share of direct sales of Xu's machinery was 15% in 2014 and was raised in 2015.
On April 1, 2016, China’s engineering and machinery industry introduced a policy of compulsory “national standards three” . All manufacturing and marketing firms of engineering and machinery, with the exception of agricultural machinery, are prohibited from selling equipment that does not meet the “national standards three.”
The industry’s five consecutive years of decline have had a major impact on domestic engineering and mechanics, but on the other hand, the industry’s low tide has forced domestic brands to focus more on international markets, to focus on technological innovation, and to improve management efficiency in order to enhance market competitiveness. From recent years, it has become clear that the ranking of machine sales has continued to rise, and the ranking of national product sales, represented by Trinity, Xudi, Willow, etc., has continued to squeezing.
The rise in the market share of Japan and Korea’s brand is also reflected in the influence of the country’s product plate market and in the recognition of its customers. The rise in the city’s share is backed by a technological upturn in the country’s product plate and a reduction in the failure rate.
High-end products, such as superton cranes with over 130 tons, grew by 12.7 per cent, with over 6 tons of large loader markets growing by 5 per cent, single steel wheels with full hydraulic presses growing by 6.4 per cent, and xr 280 tons, with dredgers occupying half of the domestic market.
(ii) “Outreach” is an important way to absorb excess capacity, which remains a problem in terms of capacity utilization by engineering and machinery enterprises, and is currently an important way to mitigate the excess capacity of the engineering and machinery industry and the shortage of domestic demand in the context of a slowdown in overall economic growth.
According to the Bureau of Statistics, exports and imports to countries along the “one-way” range amounted to $62,51.7 billion in 2016, an increase of 0.5 per cent over the previous year. Exports grew by 0.5 per cent, imports grew by 0.4 per cent, direct investments were made throughout the year to countries along the “one-way” range amounting to $14.5 billion; and countries along the same route invested me directly in new ventures.
US$ 9.7 per cent, representing 47.7 per cent of the country's total turnover of outsourced engineering services during the same period, figure 22: The Government has been supporting and implementing outreach strategies to encourage the involvement of enterprises in offshore infrastructure development and capacity-building and to promote the inclusion of workers.
China’s equipment, such as Quantico Machines, has gone to the world. This has been accompanied by exit strategies, particularly the “one-way-by-the-way” strategy, which has led to long-term demand and development opportunities for China’s comparative advantage in the export of engineering and machinery products and investment in offshore plants.
The branding of foreign brands continues to crowd in the domestic market, with a clear international market value for domestic products and strong export momentum; and industrial machinery is expected to take advantage of the policy boom and continue to work on exports to boost industry growth. Corporate deepening of internationalization has taken root, and total exports of self-employed and Xu’s brand are continuing to remain a leader in the domestic industry.
Currently, exports account for about 20% of revenue, and companies are primarily in Africa and the Middle East. In recent years, firms have started to design new, adaptable products specifically designed and manufactured for users in high-end markets like Europe and America, and have started exporting to countries like the United States.
Exports, on the one hand, can solve the problem of inadequate domestic demand and underutilized production capacity, while, on the other hand, the combined Māori rate for exports is slightly higher than for domestic products. Companies have focused on overseas deployment in recent years, actively expanding overseas channels, and strengthening front-line teams by optimizing their business functions.
In terms of marketing of products, companies have set up overseas distribution networks that include foreign third-party distributors and service centres, with radiation in 177 countries and territories.
In terms of innovation in scientific research, companies have established overseas research centres in the United States and Europe, respectively, to make efficient use of international regional advantages in research and development resources, and are working on product adaptation improvements and new product development in the North American and European markets. At the same time, companies have set up information platforms such as spare parts generators and online accounts receivable management.
In 2015, the company continued to move forward with the restructuring of the business assets of Brazilian companies, with the development of separate industries in the environmental industry, the fire industry, and the high-altitude platform. In the adverse economic downturn in Brazil, sales continued to grow at a reverse rate of 8%, while eight Brazilian companies produced more.
The product has acquired the qualifications of fenami and 16 new adaptive products have been offline. Accompanied capacity-building has been effective (\\equiv)
In addition to the full-scale operation, the company seeks to improve the layout of parts and components of engineering machinery, and to leverage high technology in the heavy machinery industry. The company has long been focusing on breaking through core technologies, creating stable technological inputs. Growth mechanisms, focusing on domestic initiatives and advanced international targets, are already in place for bulk packages of core parts.
The company has developed a pressurized industrial layout, high-level hydraulic parts, fire protection, sanitation equipment bases and tracked tracks, intensified integration of the spare parts industry, and a new power-control gear tank package package, which has passed the market test. There are currently hydraulic units, spare parts for engineering machinery such as mechanical parts, road machinery parts, and spare parts for engineering machinery, among which are spare parts for oil tanks.
Since the financial crisis, the global macroeconomic environment as a whole has been weak, the domestic economic growth has slowed, the domestic engineering and machinery industry has been affected by large environmental impacts, and there has been a decline in performance. To expand sales and reduce the stock backlog, credit sales have become a common phenomenon in the industry.
The company ' s specialized equipment manufacturing industry, where sales patterns are mostly instalments, and where the market is depressed, the long period of collection instalments and the slower rate of repayment lead to a year-on-year decline in the turnover of receivables.The company has been tightening its sales policy since 2013, clearing receivables, controlling delays, and will further strengthen risk control.
Progressively raise the credit sales down payment ratio, eliminate zero down payment and even low down payment, and encourage bank mortgages.