Renovation of the industry ' s heating acceleration report, internationalization of the layout to new heights – significant increase in profitability in 2016, with significant improvement in financial indicators: capital, ppp, since late 2016
Corporate accounts receivable fell from $18 billion to $15.4 billion, working days fell from 411 days to 356 days, and the demand for new aircraft downstream was high.
There has been a marked increase in the willingness of the entire company to replenish its stock, with the company’s stock declining; a net operating cash flow of $2,245 million, a 19.3-fold increase over the previous year; a 13-per-cent net operating cash flow as a share of operating income; and a steady improvement in the cash flow situation.
In 2016, the company invested $694 million in research and development, an increase of 22.55 per cent over the same period. The three main hosts, namely, cranes, shovels and road machines, remained at the top of the list. As the concentration of the engineering and machinery sector increased, the market space for vulnerable firms gradually increased.
The “outwards” strategy is effective: the size of overseas markets is huge, and companies prioritize the goal of “internationalization.”
In the last three years, corporate exports have stabilized at around $3 billion, with 16% of total revenue in 2016. Companies have responded to the country's “one-way” and “go-out” strategies, seized opportunities in Indian markets, and irradiated surrounding engineering and machinery cities in South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and East Africa.
On the ground, a development strategy for internationalization, in 2016, the company proposes to finance up to $250 million to build a manufacturing base for engineering machinery in Jianjie, India, and to implement an investment project for the manufacturing base for engineering machinery production in India.
Industry warming is clear, leading the way: industry climate transfer path is clear: the excavator turned warm in the second quarter of last year, Van Jaemin, the cranes increased markedly in the third quarter, and concrete machinery has improved significantly since the beginning of this year.
Heavy machine sales are in the lead of the market, which has remained at around 50 per cent since 2009; There is still room for an increase in the market for company shovel machinery, which, with supply-side reforms, has stabilized resource-type prices and the demand for new machines will continue; road surfaces, piles, compact machinery will continue to benefit from the scale of our road and rail investment.
Xu Engineering Mechanics: Industry warms back, front-liners re-shipping, and remains high; company technical advantages in high-grade equipment are evident, domestic high-end fire equipment market space is not fully open and fire-fighting equipment is growing steadily; concrete machinery industry has gradually improved at the beginning of this year; engineering works have become apparent.
Xu Engineering Mechanics: The only piece in the industry that is not affected by the industry’s low tides when it comes to the industry’s power company’s industrial upgrading, the rate of income growth will remain at least the same as that of the industry, and there is room for improvement in the Māori rate.
First, the recovery of the industry’s accelerated warming statement, the recovery of coal mines, etc., has been influenced by a number of factors, and the engineering and machinery industry as a whole has seen a steady upturn.
Companies have been tightening sales policies, clearing receivables, controlling delays and further strengthening risk controls since 2013, gradually increasing the credit sales down payment ratio, eliminating zero down payment and even low down payment and encouraging bank mortgages.
The reduction from 411 days to 356 days, with significant results from the special fund-raising effort to settle the arrears. From the age of accounts receivable, the willingness to replenish (ii) inventories in 2015 was evident, with the stock shifting to the end of demand, a group of capital and ppp projects concentrated in the second half of 2016, and the increase in resource prices contributed to the resumption of work on coal mines;
On the supply side, the stock-II mobile phone that entered the market in 2011-2012 is gradually entering the phase-out zone. Changes in demand and supply on the supply side have contributed to the market’s demand for new machines.
(iii) Sustained improvement in operating cash flows, which began to turn negative in 2014 as a result of the improved management of receivables and the gradual improvement in the quality of corporate collections. Net operating cash flows in 2016 amounted to $2,245 million, a 19.3-fold increase; net operating cash flows accounted for revenue
The ratio was 13% and cash flow continued to improve. Added R & D inputs to maintain a technological lead in boxing products (i) Increase R & D inputs and make a major breakthrough in core technology
In recent years, companies have increased their R & D investment to develop new products and improve the quality of their products with “technology leadership, non-destructive action” standards. In 2016, the company invested $694 million in R & D, an increase of 22.55 per cent over the same period. In addition, the company disclosed a fixed increase of 1,647 million shares to be released publicly, raising $5.156 billion in funds to be used mainly for high-end equipment smart manufacturing projects, intelligence projects, etc.
In 2016, the company made a major breakthrough in the development of its core technology products. At the Shanghai BMW show in 2016, the company had 70 smart ideas.
Of these, the g-cycle cranes have reached international standards of energy efficiency, light quantification, manipulation, etc.; nine projects have received a Chinese prize for technological progress in the mechanical industry, and one for critical technology research and industrialization of track hydraulic excavators. The company’s key major parts have made a full breakthrough to the market: multi-road valves have approved them through industrialization tests.
(a) Volume support; walk-down deceleration machines completed development and testing; new power control tanks upgraded with a steady push towards industrialization; 360 tons of mine excavator fuel tanks operating in Australia for 8,000 hours without failure, marking this core hydraulic component to be among the world ' s top products, favoured by Australian mine users, hydraulic device companies, mobile companies and the growth of external markets;
(ii) A China joint venture to build a hydraulic valve pump for motors. (ii) The new and old products are pulverized, market concentration is raised, and the three main hosts of company cranes, shovelers, and road machines generate new energy. The sales of cranes were the largest 34%,g
One-generation wheel crane leads the market and already accounts for more than one third,130 tons of super-ton cranes produced per month, 62.7 per cent; shovels hit the market with v-loaders, leading to a 15 per cent share of the loader market throughout the year; and the Road Mechanics Department maintained a competitive pattern in the first and fourth largest sectors of the domestic industry. At the same time, new products were introduced.
In 2016, the Mäori ratio of company cranes and spare parts products increased by 3.44% and 1.42% respectively, but the Mäori ratio of the pyrotechnic machine was lower than the Mäori rate.
At present, as market concentration increases, the market space of vulnerable firms will be reduced, firms will be the leader in the mechanical industry, firms will have a strong advantage in economies of scale and combined competitiveness, and performance growth will be qualitative and yielding benefits.
Because of the size of the overseas market, companies have always set internationalization targets at the top and set a strategic goal of 50% of international income. Overseas sales not only can solve the problem of inadequate domestic demand and production capacity, but also the Maori of overseas operations.
Over the last three years, corporate exports have stabilized at around $3 billion, with 16% of total revenue in 2016. Companies in Asia and the Pacific grew 40.1% over the same period; high-end markets made significant progress in the United States; new product booms, drilling rig exports, 1.75 times over the same year; and foreign aid projects, nearly $1 billion and 3.5 times higher.
Meanwhile, planning for the construction of new global factories like India and the United States and fast-track entry into local markets are being planned. Companies respond to the country’s “one-way” and “go-out” strategies, capture Indian market opportunities, and radiate South Asia and East Asia.
A development strategy for internationalization of the surrounding engineering and machinery markets in South Asia, the Middle East, East Africa, etc., with companies proposing to finance up to $250 million in 2016 to build a manufacturing base for engineering and machinery production in Chennai, India, and to implement an investment project in the manufacturing base for industrial and engineering production in India. Domestic economic growth continues to slow and downstream demand is inadequate; increased market competition leads to a decline in corporate profitability; and political economic circles
(c) Changes in offshore investment risk, etc.;