New media operations are very dynamic, content+platform 2904 2019 Research Assistant Wang Jianxing
▪ Performance is within expectations. New media operations drive performance growth. 2018 earned business revenue of $9.661 billion, an increase of 16.80 per cent over the same period, largely driven by a decline in retail media operations, and achieved by the fact that we believe the company's performance meets expectations, relying on “favourable + mango exclusive + high-quality selection”
The unique content strategy, the continuous consolidation of the platform's user orientation and innovation of “youth, city, women” advertising product systems, the creation of a multi-dimensional platform brand premium model, has continued to stimulate the rapid development of member business, advertising, and operator business under the web-based video business.
Billions of dollars, an increase of 23.99% over the same year, with a ceiling on performance forecasts, a slowdown in operating income that has been largely affected by the impact of the screen-run cycle, which has led to a decline in the collection of content plates, a decline in revenue from retail sales in the media, etc.
The Mango super-media has the best images of mango systems, the ability to produce hybrids and the entire industry, such as entertainers, music copyrights, and games, using a model of "precision + mango solo + high-quality selection" for the content of the platform.
In addition, a unique home-grown content ecology has been created, forming a stereo-diverse ip matrix: the ability to sustain the roll-out of cash-rich art has been proven through the creation of multi-stellar innovations such as Big Star Detectives, "The Romantic Travel of Wives," "The Wild Kitchen", "The Brave World," "The Big Adventure."
The new mainstream media architecture, with mangotv as its core, covers users such as mobile phones, pad, pc, tv, iptv, ttt, etc., and combines apps, web TV, content ecology, with clear synergies.
▪ There is still room for increasing future payments from sticky members, and differential precision operations achieve sustainable development. On the membership side, the growth rate of the Internet is slowing in industry, the content of the video industry is paying for model 1, Mango Supermomentation (300413), the payment of fees.
Mangotv is based on quality content and location, members are expected to grow, content+platforms, young city female users, fans become more sticky than other video sites.
Strategic progress 208-10-29 Certain barriers to competition, which, by the end of the first quarter, were based on the second quarter of the " wife ' s romantic journey " , Women 2, Mango Supermomentation (300413):
Kids in love, "Star Big Detective Quarter 4" and so forth, multi-manufacturing, paid members, driving platform growth, industry chaining up to 1,331 million, compared to overseas video platforms, arpu has a bigger lift space; in the wider world,
With regard to the New Ecology, 2018-09-17, a clear client group combines precision marketing to increase advertising advantage and obtain a higher brand premium return than the flow model.
The high growth of the company's track and the advantages of content production and resource support in 2019 risked an increase in the cost of copyright procurement, resulting in $4,180 million in revenue for the operation of new media platforms, an increase of 78.33 per cent over the same period, mainly in advertising and membership.
The new interactive media and entertainment platform content production business generated 32.49 billion yuan, an increase of 11.88 per cent over the same period, mainly due to 18 years of over-extensioned art promotion; media retail operations now generated 1.990 billion yuan, a decrease of 29.74 per cent over the same period, mainly due to changes in the television shopping industry, restructuring of operations, etc.
Business income of 2,485 million yuan was realized in 1901, an increase of 2.1 per cent over the same period. The slowdown in total income was mainly due to the broadcast of the video drama of $1 billion, an increase of 23.99 per cent over the same year, and the increase in net profit was higher than the increase in income, mainly due to faster growth in the high Maori business.
In the first quarter of 2019, all-round performances, such as Girls in Love, Star Big Detective Quarter 4, went to Top 10. Māori: overall Māori performance was 37.04%, with new media platforms operating at 38.82%, compared to 38.82%.
The Māori contribution of the Internet video business grew by 23.69 percentage points over the same period of the year, with the highest increase in Māori contributions, 31.80 per cent in 2018, representing an increase of 32.94 percentage points over the previous year, mainly due to rapid income growth, indicating that Mangotv costs are well controlled and income is growing rapidly; the 18-year Māori rate for interactive entertainment content platforms is 39.85 per cent, mainly for production costs
Of the $1 billion, an increase of 66 per cent over the same year, the revenue from advertising, membership, and operator operations increased by the same year, respectively, to 1,075 million video users at the end of the year, an increase of 138 per cent over the same year. The number of brands placed on the platform throughout the year 2018 was 324, an increase of 155 per cent over the same year.
Over 130 million users, 9 of them in the Ministry; in the production and investment of films and videos, several films were awarded and well received in 2018, and the "Super Man" project was launched into the big market. By the end of 18, it had accumulated more than 20 big online films: "Cheese video"
Short video app, which promotes community culture through end-to-end distribution. In brokering, the subsidiary, Leisure Media, ranked first among the 257 million performers listed in 2017 in the List of Revenues of Dealers in Listed Companies. In music copyright, with Internet-yun music, teeming music, shivering music, music for the entire population.
By the end of 2018, more than 1,200 copyrighted music pieces had been accumulated.
Retailing of the media: in household consumption business, using iptv, ott's new channels to grow dividends, taping membership data, precision marketing, etc.; social electricity vendor business, based on the pgc content of specializations such as “I am the Great American Live”, continuing to consolidate the position of the first pgc agency in the country, signing a contract through the integration of the commodity supply chain and the operation of the Red Shop
(b) Risk of self-generated content not echoing expectations: The risk of increased costs of copyright procurement.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board