Communications group Growth in arithmetic demand, product and customer structure upgrades $23.216 billion, an increase of 10.34 per cent over the same period. Operating income was realized in the first quarter of 2025
1. “Industrial wealth union company assessment: i-led performance growth, new product production capacity increased significantly ii-server growth, cloud computing continued expansion: company cloud computing industry 2024”, 2024.10.31
2. “Industrial wealth union company assessment: i server revenue doubled and performance continued to rise 150 per cent higher than year-on-year revenue, accounting for 40 per cent of the cloud computing business, becoming a core growth pole, with a 20 per cent increase in general server revenue on year-on-year basis.
More than half of the first time (the same year + 80%), the North American Tier-1 clientai server contributed 70% of the revenue, the client structure continued to be optimized, and the quality client contributed to the certainty of the orders. We believe that, against a backdrop of a significant increase in global demand for arithmetic infrastructure, the company acted as the one.
The core supplier of the server chip base plate will benefit directly from the industry high-winding cycle. q1 will continue to be strong in 2025, with cloud computing revenue rising by more than 50 per cent on a year-on-year basis +50 per cent, ai/general-purpose server revenue increasing by more than 50 per cent, cloud serviceer clients contributing +60 per cent faster and confirming a continuous demand climate.
Industrial Internet income holds, high-speed switches drive growth in communications network operations: industry Internet income fell by 43 per cent in 2024 in comparison, and income is under pressure, which we believe could be influenced by a contraction in the digitalized transition budget of manufacturing clients.
With a slight increase in business income, we believe that the increase is mainly driven by the 400g/800g high-speed exchange (multiplier than in the same year) and the increase in the volume of the 5g terminal's sophisticated structure (up 10% compared to the same year). The 800g switch is expected to be delivered to the North American cloud merchants in 2025.
The cycle, we watch the high-speed switch drive for robust income growth of the plate as a whole, the global layout creates numeric network ecology, opening up long-term growth space: the corporate product layout extends from the ai server to the high-speed switch, and deep binding of the global data centre.
The company now has a globalized layout, with the flexibility to deploy its capacity to meet its clients’ globalized delivery needs. We believe that a globalized production profile of companies is expected to enhance the public sector’s resilience to the risks of uncertainty, such as tariffs, and look to the company as a global player.
The Bureau and high-quality client resources and ecological relationships continue to benefit from the growth in arithmetic demand. Profit forecasting, valuation and rating chip research and development below expected risk; loss of personnel risk; higher client concentration risk; municipalities
Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services. Analysis of the rates of the reports in the market.