The IUF 2024 and the first quarter of 2025 report point: The full benefit is a wave of the benefits, and the multiple engines together contribute to a higher rate of growth in the computing of the cloud and a doubling of the income of the i server.
Technology is entering the scale application phase. Large models and generation ai scenes are on the rise, and i reasoning markets are on the market fast. According to the Trendforce data, in 2024, the volume of global ai service delivery was 46% higher than the previous year, reaching 1.98 million, representing the share of the overall server market.
In comparison with 2023, high-level ai servers and their accompanying storage/exchange network structures have accelerated their penetration. Companies have developed strong R & D and smart-making advantages in the area of ai servers, and customers have become more sticky. Corporate cloud computing operations generated revenue in 2024.
In 2025, the growth trend in the q1-related operations continued, and in the cloud-based operations, the growth in the volume was more than 50%. By product category, the ai server, the general server, was operating.
At present, companies continue to promote product research and development and client cooperation, new products have been scaled up, i business growth has moved to a new step, telecommunication and mobile network equipment operations have progressed steadily, and i terminals have been released over a period of time.
The business income of the letter and mobile network equipment business was $28,788 million, which is a steady increase in year-on-year growth. ai is continuously changing the consumer electronic terminals, each of which is in a state-of-the-art period. Corporate clients showed greater resilience, and in 2024 the company’s 5g terminal was more sophisticated.
In addition, high-end developments such as the company's i-network-related switchboards are moving the ai terminal evolution, consumer electronic head companies, or continued progress in related products. On the other hand, a new generation of servers such as Yvetteda is expected to continue to upgrade the exchange network, and high-speed exchanges.
With a strong continuity of mobility, companies are expected to continue to benefit. The division is the core unit of the computing chain, and we look forward to the company’s development in this area, and we maintain our interest in the company.
IUPU: Ai-related income growth is significant, and the DPP is developing gold.
Cart, wait for the gb200 to bloom.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., ltd Golden House No. 127 Minxi Avenue, Beijing West Side.b
The group then joined the Sinda Securities Electronics Group in November 2022, looking at optical, consumer electronics, automobile electronics, etc. In January 2025, the group joined the Sinda Securities Electronics Group, which studied semiconductors, etc., in the direction of storage chips, simulation chips, etc.
Some of them are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.