q1 maintained a strong investment rating: increase (maintenance) in corporate business income of $16.4 billion in the first quarter of 2025, an increase of 35 per cent in the same year.
7 per cent reduction; net profit from parentage of $5.2 billion, 25 per cent increase from year to year, 35 per cent decline from ring; non-q1 cloud business maintained strong momentum, i and general server two-fold increase q1 in 2025, with company cloud computing operations growing by more than 50 per cent on year-on-year basis, including one server, one server, one server, and one server.
In terms of communications equipment, the company is close to the trend, depending on technology and R & D.
In 2024, the company continued to benefit from the first round of construction: 1) Clouds received $319.4 billion, an increase of 64 per cent, or more than half, compared to the first round.
By client, the cloud server has grown by more than 80 per cent, and the brand commercial server has grown by more than 70 per cent, driven by the North American Tier-1 clientele. 2) Communications and mobile network equipment battalion has increased several times as much as the 800g high-speed switch, consolidating the data centre network leading.)
The industrial Internet operation collected 900 million dollars, and two new foreign-enabling lighthouse plants were created in Heinimashima and Taihara, respectively, to deepen the industrial landscape. Market competition, technology development, and sales by large customers were not as high as expected.
1. Industrial enrichment union (601138.sh); i server demand is strong and cloud-based harvests continue to grow.
Li Mei-hyun, a master’s degree from the Chinese People’s University, joined the Hua An Securities Agency in January 2024.
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legally compliant information and using publicly available information from the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information or any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.