PhillipCapital
上汽集團 (600104.CH)
全年業績穩健增長，自主勢頭強勁
中國 | 汽車製造 | 更新報告
增持（維持）
投資概要
2017年以“穩健增長”收官
(現價截至2月14日)
合資車企產品結構高端化趨勢明顯
目標價: CNY 38.24 (+15.15%)
自主品牌增速依舊迅猛
公司資料
普通股股東(百萬股):
投資建議
市値(人民幣百萬元):
我們認爲，在新的產品週期和不斷上移的產品結構推動下，公司實現穩健的業績增長
52 周 最高價/最低價 (人民幣元):
35.88/24.04
月 14 日)
主要股東%
Forward P/E, P/B trend
上海汽車工業(集團)總公司
躍進汽車集團公司
600104 CH Equity
股價 & 上證指數
Source: Phillip Securities (HK) Research
財務資料
Source: Bloomberg, Phillip Securities Hong Kong Research
2017年以“穩健增長”收官
根據上汽集團發佈的業績預告，2017 年度，集團實現歸屬母公司淨利潤 342 億元，同
比上年同期增加 22 億元,同比增速為 7%。扣除非經常性損益後為 327 億元,同比增
加 7.8%。2017 年全年上汽集團共銷售汽車 693 萬輛,同比增長 6.9%,基本完成年初
Source: Company reports, Phillip Securities Est.
預計的銷量目標。銷量增速高於行業平均 5.5 個百分點，顯示了強勁的增長態勢。利
潤增速高於銷量增速反映公司盈利能力有所提升。
(+86 51699400-103)
合資車企產品結構高端化趨勢明顯
旗下各合資車企表現不一:上汽大眾銷售了 206.3 萬輛,同比增長 3.06%,上汽通用同
比增長 5.99%至 200 萬輛,上汽通用五菱銷量同比增長 0.93%至 215 萬輛。集團分別有
3 款,4 款車型名列年度最賣座轎車和 SUV 的前十名,3 款 MPV 車型佔據年度最賣座
MPV 前三位。
Source: SAIC, Phillip Securities Hong Kong Research
上汽通用的品牌結構升級趨勢顯著，首先，高端 MPV 紅利持續，GL8 同比增長
82%至 14.5 萬輛,新車 GL6 不負所望,爬坡迅速。其次,高端品牌凱迪拉克
(+56%yoy)和雪佛蘭的邁銳寶(+45%yoy)增速耀眼。中高級車型別克君越、
君威和雪佛蘭邁銳寶合計銷售 28.7 萬輛，同比增長 23%，中高級車細分市場市
占率快速增長至近 20%,進一步鞏固了在中高級乘用車細分市場的龍頭地位。
2018 年上汽通用將迎來凱越的換代，對標奧迪 Q3 的一款小型 SUV 凱迪拉克
XT3 將推出。
上汽大眾的車型結構上移明顯, SUV 車型占比從 2016 年的 14.5%提高到 2017 年
的 23.8%, 並在 SUV 市場上補足短板, 在中型-中大型 SUV 市場完成產品覆蓋。
上汽大眾 17 年推出的三款高端 SUV:途觀 L,途昂,柯迪亞克,均價高於 20 萬
元,途觀 L 的月均銷量超過 1.8 萬輛,並在四季度站穩兩萬輛,途昂月均超
6000 輛，年底超過萬輛，柯迪亞克實現月均 5000 輛，充分實現了品牌溢價優
勢，我們認爲未來將繼續受益於 SUV 消費升級潮流。 2018 年上汽大眾將推出一
款入門級緊湊型 SUV 車型 T-Roc 和迎來帕薩特的換代，斯柯達也將推出兩款小
型 SUV (KAROC, Model Q)。
由於 560 和 730 銷量的下滑、更新換代產品 510 和 310 表現不及預期，上汽通
用五菱的銷量基本持平,也反映緊湊型 SUV 和微車市場競爭愈加激烈,我們預
期未來上汽通用五菱將通過加密產品線來吸引目標客戶。
上汽自主品牌增速迅猛
Monthly sales of SAIC sel-brand
Tollet 12th
TOTAL TOP
COLUMN TO A STATE OF THE STATE OF THE STATE OF THE STATE OF THE STATE OF THE STATE OF THE STATE OF THE STATE OF THE STATE OF THE STATE OF THE STATE OF THE STATE OF THE STATE OF THE STATE OF THE STATE OF THE STATE OF THE ST
Source: SAIC, Phillip Securities Hong Kong Research
萬輛，同比增長 152.6%，在 SUV 市場中的份額達 3.45%，同比提高 1.9 個百分
點。強勁的銷售勢頭主要來自於榮威 RX5,累計銷量達 23.76 萬輛,同比增
163.9%,新車榮威 i6 和名爵 ZS 也有不錯表現。2018 年上汽乘用車將繼續佈局
SUV 產品線,除了 2017 下半年上市的新車榮威 RX3 與全新名爵 6,還將推出一
款大型7座SUV。
上汽乘用車的新能源車型 2017 年實現了翻番的增長,共銷售 4.4 萬輛,未來除
了現有車型的新能源版本外,造勢良久的榮威“光之翼”新能源車也將在年中
左右推出，續航 400km 以上，百公里加速 4.5 秒，搭載了擡頭顯示、無線充
電、智慧駕駛等高科技配置，表現值得期待。綜上,我們預計上汽乘用車仍可
維持高於行業平均的銷量增速。
同時上汽乘用車將加快推動互聯網、大資料、人工智慧與汽車產業深度融合,
努力構建驅動創新轉型的新動能,並建立完善創新生態系統,持續激發廣大員
工創新創業的新活力，繼續加快商業模式創新,在已有基礎上,向更廣領域探
索,提升產品競爭力。
Peer Comparison
財務報告
Source: PSR
(Financial figures as at 14 February 2018)
PHILLIP RESEARCH STOCK SELECTION SYSTEMS
We do not base our recommendations entirely on the above quantitative return bands. We consider qualitative factors like (but not limited
to) a stock's risk reward profile, market sentiment, recent rate of share price appreciation, presence or absence of stock price catalysts, and
speculative undertones surrounding the stock, before making our final recommendation
GENERAL DISCLAIMER
This publication is prepared by Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd ("Phillip Securities"). By receiving or reading this publication, you agree to be bound by the
terms and limitations set out below.
This publication shall not be reproduced in whole or in part, distributed or published by you for any purpose. Phillip Securities shall not be liable for any direct
or consequential loss arising from any use of material contained in this publication.
The information contained in this publication has been obtained from public sources which Phillip Securities has no reason to believe are unreliable and any
analysis, forecasts, projections, expectations and opinions (collectively the "Research") contained in this publication are based on such information and are
expressions of belief only. Phillip Securities has not verified this information and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made that such
information or Research is accurate, complete or verified or should be relied upon as such. Any such information or Research contained in this publication is
subject to change, and Phillip Securities shall not have any responsibility to maintain the information or Research made available or to supply any
corrections, updates or releases in connection therewith. In no event will Phillip Securities be liable for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential
damages which may be incurred from the use of the information or Research made available, even if it has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Any opinions, forecasts, assumptions, estimates, valuations and prices contained in this material are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at
any time without prior notice.
This material is intended for general circulation only and does not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs
of any particular person. The products mentioned in this material may not be suitable for all investors and a person receiving or reading this material should
seek advice from a financial adviser regarding the suitability of such products, taking into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or
particular needs of that person, before making a commitment to invest in any of such products.
This publication should not be relied upon as authoritative without further being subject to the recipient's own independent verification and exercise of
judgment. The fact that this publication has been made available constitutes neither a recommendation to enter into a particular transaction nor a
representation that any product described in this material is suitable or appropriate for the recipient. Recipients should be aware that many of the products
which may be described in this publication involve significant risks and may not be suitable for all investors, and that any decision to enter into transactions
involving such products should not be made unless all such risks are understood and an independent determination has been made that such transactions
would be appropriate. Any discussion of the risks contained herein with respect to any product should not be considered to be a disclosure of all risks or a
complete discussion of such risks.
Nothing in this report shall be construed to be an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of a security. Any decision to purchase securities mentioned in
this research should take into account existing public information, including any registered prospectus in respect of such security.
Disclosure of Interest
Analyst Disclosure: Neither the analyst(s) preparing this report nor his associate has any financial interest in or serves as an officer of the listed corporation
covered in this report.
Firm's Disclosure: Phillip Securities does not have any investment banking relationship with the listed corporation covered in this report nor any financial
interest of 1% or more of the market capitalization in the listed corporation. In addition, no executive staff of Phillip Securities serves as an officer of the listed
corporation.
Availability
The information, tools and material presented herein are not directed, intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to the applicable law or regulation or which would subject Phillip Securities to any
registration or licensing or other requirement, or penalty for contravention of such requirements within such jurisdiction.
Information contained herein is based on sources that Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Limited ("PSHK") believed to be accurate. PSHK does not bear
responsibility for any loss occasioned by reliance placed upon the contents hereof. PSHK (or its affiliates or employees) may have positions in relevant
2018 Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Limited
COMPANY NAME INITIATING COVERAGE
Contact Information (Regional Member Companies)
SINGAPORE
JAPAN
Phillip Capital Management Sdn Bhd
Phillip Securities Pte Ltd
Phillip Securities Japan, Ltd
250 North Bridge Road, #06-00 Raffles City Tower,
B-3-6 Block B Level 3, Megan Avenue II,
4-2 Nihonbashi Kabutocho, Chuo-ku
No. 12, Jalan Yap Kwan Seng, 50450 Kuala Lumpur
INDONESIA
CHINA
INDIA
PT Phillip Securities Indonesia
Phillip Financial Advisory (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.
PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited
ANZ Tower Level 23B, Jl Jend Sudirman Kav 33A,
No. 1, 18th Floor, Urmi Estate, 95 Ganpatrao Kadam Marg,
Jakarta 10220, Indonesia
THAILAND
FRANCE
Phillip Securities (Thailand) Public Co. Ltd.
King & Shaxson Capital Ltd.
King & Shaxson Ltd.
15th Floor, Vorawat Building, 849 Silom Road,
3rd Floor, 35 Rue de la Bienfaisance
6th Floor, Candlewick House, 120 Cannon Street
Silom, Bangrak, Bangkok 10500 Thailand
75008 Paris France
London, EC4N 6AS
UNITED STATES
AUSTRALIA
SRI LANKA
Phillip Futures Inc.
PhillipCapital Australia
Asha Phillip Securities Limited
Level 12, 15 William Street,
Level 4, Millennium House, 46/58 Navam Mawatha,
The Chicago Board of Trade Building
Melbourne, Victoria 3000, Australia
Colombo 2, Sri Lanka
Chicago, IL 60604 USA
HONG KONG
Phillip Securities (HK) Ltd
11/F United Centre 95 Queensway Hong Kong