Spring and Fall Air (601021.sh) Airfields
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Adjustment of stock market fare strategy, conversion guest rate: first half of 2017, corporate overall guest rate
91.81%, a decline of 1.15 pts in the same year, but an increase of 0.21% in the overall passenger km rate. The rate of passenger arrivals on the domestic route fell by 1.11 pts in the same year, but the return on the passenger km increased by 4.27% in the same year.
The international market is warming, but it is still affected by the Japanese, Korean, and Thai routes, with a 1.7 pts drop in the same rate, and a 2.6% drop in the same rate for the passenger km, with an additional supplemental income of $409 million, an increase of 23.6%.
In the first half of 2017, after 7 aircraft were introduced, there were 73 a320 aircraft. Faced with a strong domestic air market, the company adjusted its course in a timely manner.
With 85 per cent of the additional capacity invested in the domestic market, the share of domestic routes ask rose from 61.9 per cent at the end of last year to 65.9 per cent, and the share of international routes fell to 30.7 per cent.
3. The fourth quarter has been a drag, with excellent cost-control effects. At the same time, companies are expanding the coverage of international routes, spreading risk across routes, Japan, Korea, and Thailand.
The proportion of line ask to international routes declined from 91.0 per cent at the end of 2016 to 81.9 per cent. 4. " Movement recovery expansion, with less benefit from a better exchange rate on a year-on-year basis -- $1 billion, an increase of 42.9 per cent over the same year -- increased faster than revenue, resulting in a decline of $270 million in Māori and a similar rate of Māori.
The decline of 9.4 pts is the main reason for the decline in performance. The increase in operating costs is a rise in the price of bunker oil and 36.2% of the cost per unit of oil; and the increase in the Civil Aviation Authority ' s standard of landing and landing fees, with an increase of about 13.6% in the overall average cost of one-off flights in the second quarter, which is measured at about $360 million and a decrease in the cost of one-off flights, respectively.
Spring and fall Air is our low-cost aviation leader, and its business model is recognized by the market. International lines are warming back and warm, combined with the gradual digestion of centralized power and the start of high growth rates.
So, Su Bao-Lung, Huang Van-Yan, macroeconomic downturns, low-cost aviation policies, disease and severe weather effects, etc., are not moving as fast as expected.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.