Spring and Fall Air (601021) Transport is running out of money, and private aviation leads can grow in the long term.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 53.3 per cent in the same year, q2 single-season revenues of 2,490 million yuan, an increase of 33.8 per cent in the same year, a net return profit of 250 million yuan, a decrease of 32.8 per cent in the same year, and a net return profit of 360 million yuan in the same year.
The first half of the year saw a 28.1 per cent increase in revenue and a 53.3 per cent increase in net profit after deduction, owing, on the one hand, to the major challenges facing the introduction of aircraft in the first half of 2016 and the loss of the low oil price dividend period, which resulted in a lower annual income and profit base in the first half of 2016; and, on the other hand, the addition of an enhanced operational advantage for the Shanghai master battle.
The movement is concentrated in the airports of Shenyang, Ishijia, Yangzhou, etc., and the government subsidy becomes the company's income and profits in the amount of 10,000, in addition to the government subsidy of 510 million yuan relating to the company's day-to-day activities, recategorized from the “out-of-service income” to the “other income” project, account for operating profits and classified as recurrent gains and losses during the reporting period of the company.
During the reporting period, company support revenue amounted to $410 million, compared to last year’s focus on developing sales and cross-border power suppliers, improving payment methods, and completing the transition from large to large.
The interface between the E-Commerce platform and the international logistics platform has improved the company’s cross-border e-commerce industry’s rising primary costs, mainly as a result of the increase in the cost of shipping oil and the increase in the cost of landings. During the reporting period, the main business costs for corporate units were 0.28, up 9.6 per cent from the same period last year, with the same unit costs of aviation oil as last year’s.
1. Spring and fall aviation (601021): short-term performance fluctuations have resulted in an increase of 13.6 per cent in the average cost of one-off flights compared to the average for the second quarter.
In the reporting period, the renminbi rose by 2.53 per cent against the dollar. On the one hand, the company generated exchange losses of 6 million yuan, down 89.5 per cent from the same period last year, and on the other hand, the increase in the value of the renminbi accumulated will have a more pronounced effect on the incentives to travel abroad.
It can effectively absorb the supply pressures that still exist on the current company’s international lines, while also bringing about a comparative advantage in fares between the national and international aviation divisions, which could benefit from a better margin of fares.
The company will adapt to market rules and raise prices appropriately, while maintaining the current high occupancy rate, so that the marginal cost of the current high occupancy rate will not further improve the bottleneck and seek to raise operating income.
• Profit forecasting and investment proposals. At present, corporate strategic adjustments are beginning to yield results, winding out benefits, and domestic returns are evident. In the long run, the company, as the leader of private aviation, will move into a fast and long-term scenario that will raise the company's earnings forecast.
The company has China State Airlines, South Air, Orient Air, Naval Holdings, Hsiang Airlines, etc. But, as a private airline, but also a low-cost airline, it can strictly take a smaller number of label companies in a share, using as a reference the selected market value, the size of the profits, the size of the fleet, but taking into account consumption.
Upgrade creates a demand for low-cost aviation, while looking at the strategic layout of the company's airports around the big cities, assuming that 1: Māori rates for company passenger transport are under greater pressure due to higher crude oil prices and higher landing and landing costs, but cost control has been one of the most important for low-cost airlines, assuming that Māori rates will remain at 10 per cent in 2017, 2018, 2019 due to income ends.
Assumption 2: the number of kilometres of space available to the company (ask) is maintained at about 18 per cent per year, and the passenger turnover (prk) is maintained at around 18 per cent per year, assuming that there is no significant change in the company ' s three rates.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income of the company for 2017-2019 in the following table:
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.