Spring Autumn Aviation: Well-adjusted, slightly higher returns. The company published its semi-annual 2017 report, which achieved $5,065 million in operating income during the reporting period, a year-on-year increase.
28.12 per cent long, net return profit of 554 million yuan, 25.15 per cent lower than the previous year, net profit of deductions.
On the supply side, ask achieved 16088.54 million km, an increase of 30.73%. Domestic routes grew 43.63% in the same year, international routes increased 10.89% in the same year, and Hong Kong and Adoha increased 16.06% in the same year. On the demand side, Plank achieved 1,4771.4 million km, an increase of 29.12% in the same year.
An increase of 41.96 per cent over the same period, an increase of 8.77 per cent over the same year for international routes, and an increase of 8.98 per cent over the same year for Hong Kong and Audo routes.
Ishigia, Yangzhou, etc. are very active, with the second-line market base and the new base having more than 20% of the total number of additional seats available in the country on the same day than in the same year. The company's re-routing has resulted in a slight 0.21% increase in passenger-kilometre earnings. The share of domestic routes has risen from 61.9% at the end of last year.
In the second- and third-line cities with partial lower earnings, the ratio fell from 34.6 per cent to 30.7 per cent, the cost of passenger kilometre earnings was well controlled against the cost of haemorrhaging, the cost of fuel and the cost of landing increased on the same basis, mainly due to higher prices for oil purchases and higher rates for landing fees by the Civil Aviation Authority.
The operating model of single (single-type and single-class), “two-high” (high passenger occupancy and high aircraft daily utilization) and “two-low” (low sales and low administrative costs), excluding the cost of oil purchases and landings, shows a 0.8 per cent decrease in the operating costs of the company's main business unit over the same period last year.
In terms of the cost of oil, the company spent 0.21 tons per 10,000 kilometres per unit of oil, a 0.9 per cent decrease over the same period last year, but the cost per unit of oil increased by 36.2 per cent compared to the same period last year, owing to the 38.3 per cent increase in the price of oil from the same period last year.
In terms of landing and landing costs, the change in fees resulted in an increase of approximately 29.9 per cent in the average domestic q2 and an increase of about 13.6 per cent in the overall average q2 single-flight fees, as well as a significant increase in expenditures for digital marketing and advertising fees; unit management costs amounted to $0.0070 per person/km, compared to an increase of approximately 13.6 per cent.
A 5.2 per cent decrease over the same period; a 0.47 per cent decrease in financial costs, mainly due to a rapid increase in interest income during the reporting period.
Over $200 million, or more than 25% over the same period last year, was generated by the middle-line auxiliary operations. The company’s priority was marketing and cross-border power suppliers, the cross-border power suppliers’ business systems were successfully connected to silver and micromail payments, and the system interface with the cbt and Lindu international logistics platforms was completed, bringing about complete cross-border e-commerce operations.
The revision of the accounting standards provides for the reclassification of government subsidies related to the day-to-day activities of an enterprise from “out-of-business income” to “other income” items, taking into account operating profits and dividing them into recurrent gains and losses. The company received $511 million in government subsidies related to the day-to-day activities of an enterprise in the first half of the year, resulting in a change in the caliber
Building synergies between the main base advantage and the regional base The Sea Rainbow Bridge and Pudong airports above the company serve as hub bases for the establishment of regional bases in various regions of the country
At the heart of the Shanghai base in the east of China, the regional support point is Shenyang base in the northeast, Shishijia base in the northeast, Shenzhen base in the south of China, and the strategic breeding base in the east of China, among others, has offered to serve the key national strategies such as the coordinated development, the "one way" and the "gang economy belt" in the south of the country; and the international route is Thai Man.
Vale, Osaka, Japan, and Jeju, Korea, are the main offshore overnight terminals, and the profit forecast and investment proposal for the nation is that low-cost aviation penetration in the country is still low compared to Europe and the United States, with a greater potential for development, and that the U.S.
Further improvements in the layout of the Division’s routes, with a steady increase in the level of returns, cover for the first time and give an “enhanced” rating.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.