The new version of the New South of New Zealand is now starting a new round, thanks to the high growth in investment in smart power grids in South Africa in 09-11.
Wang Linson, a robust growth cycle: benefiting from a major investment in smart power grids opened in September, a two-time rapid increase in demand, especially a full upgrade of smart dispatch, over 09-11 years of electricity and electricity.
One billion people grew to 855 million, 10 years of which injected space and electrical control and new energy sources into two corporate companies, demonstrating the power of second-rate equipment kings. As intelligent investment slowed down and the impact of national network audits slowed growth, companies increased their investment in research and development.
In 2016, Nanwe’s income grew from a period of robust growth. From 2007 to the present, Nanxia’s R & D investment as a share of income has been protected.
More than 6%, a typical high-tech enterprise with the most market-expected NSG-wide listing program in the company for electrical equipment, with excellent asset quality, the overall valuation dropped to about 18 times in 2017.
The start of the market is expected, with the recent announcement of an asset injection program, with the group’s good assets being fully injected into the public company, which is expected. The deal includes 87% of the reinsurer electrical shares held by Nanxi Group and Shen Guo Ying (the remaining 13% remains in Shen House).
Total, 100% equity in IBC, 100% equity in Prey Project, etc., 1.3 Quarterly Reportes slightly overmarketed, state business reforms no less than 90% and no less than 90% of the current average price of the 20 transactions on the pricing benchmark.
The electricity and electronics operations of Nanxibo and Prey projects are the biggest bright spots. This injection of assets from Mid-Sinabu and Purret projects was excellent. In 2016, Nanxi collected $6383 million in revenue and 1.21 billion in net profits, an increase of 4.9 per cent and 4.9 per cent, respectively, respectively.
Nanxia's operations are divided into three major clusters, one on protection automation, the second on electrical power, and the third on industrial control. More than 90 per cent of them were grid operations in 06, 07, up to 55 per cent of which is now an international leader; electricity electronics will be the most promising in the future, with the current share of revenues being around the world.
Thirty-seven percent of these are now mainly flow valves in straight-flow superpressure, including traditional direct transmission systems and flexible flow valves, which use self-restricted full-control devices such as igbt, which will be the focus of Nanxi's research and development, breaking the monopoly of technology abroad. Nanxiu and Prey Project are now jointly occupying 50% of the domestic market for direct transmission valves, and are publicly available on the national grid.
The winning lines include six switch stations, an absolute leader, with big projects in Brazil that will be promising in the future in the field of flexible direct transmission overseas. The New South Swe brand carries a historic mission, which seeks to double over the four-year period from 2016 to 2020, with a combined annual increase of 20%: China
The manufacture of 2025 has identified 10 priority areas, including advanced orbital transport equipment, energy-saving and new energy vehicles, electricity equipment, etc. The Sino-Sino-Sweet Group is involved in inter-orbiting, energy-saving and new energy vehicles, electricity equipment, and the four major panels of new-generation information technology, as shown by the South Ribeux industry’s relevance to the country’s industrial development.
The focus of the fund-raising effort will be on electricity electronics and overseas operations once the electrical system is on the market. In the future, Sina Swe will strengthen business integration, strengthen managerial synergies and streamline management, with the expectation that the overall business situation will double by four years by 2020, with new electronics and overseas being the main growth points.
Investment Recommendations: We expect a steady growth of the company's technological reserves, the resonance of the merged listed companies and the injection of assets and the valuation premium of the leading companies in 16 years of steady performance, with a reasonable value of 25 times per (after consolidation) in 2017, corresponding to a target market value of 100 billion.
This reorganization is a historic moment in the development of Nanxie, a long history of power automation, and Nanxia, the oldest brand in the field of electricity automation.
Souls led over 20 technocrats to create Mid-Liton (later known as Nan-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Ni-Si-Si-Ni-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Ni-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Ni-Ni-Ni-Ni-Ni-Ni-Si-Ni-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si.
87% of Shen’s shares are 13%, and more than 20 years later, the country’s first and second largest electricity automation sector has been merged, and the integration of state companies in the context of the reform has led to the creation of world-class electricity automation enterprises. Nanse has entered the technology-driven high-end manufacturing phase.
From the point of view of corporate development, Nanxie is entering its second upswing phase. In the beginning of the round of investment, the company listed in Ningxie confirmed the peak: the capital market also responded in advance in October 08, and the performance of Nanxi started to decline as the speed of investment in smart power grids fell.
We revised our performance, restructuring for the first time in 13 years, with a total of 2.7 billion net profits of 400 million, including Beijing, Codong, China, China Power, Nanry Solar and Stabilization, so that the 13-year growth in performance was mainly due to side effects, deductions and summary factors, and the year's harvest.
Nanxi is undergoing a transition from human and financial inputs to technological and research and development inputs. An analysis of the progress of South Swe’s expansion in numbers and capacity shows that such investments are mainly concentrated.
In 2007, the company, as a subsidiary of the national electricity grid, was well prepared in the pre-industrial period to meet the wave of smart grids in 09 with sufficient people and production lines, and after 11 years of growth, the expansion of capacity and people stabilized, and the company was more structured and started from 12 to 15 years.
The first round of asset restructuring, while controlling the expansion of accounts receivable and inventory, guarantees operating cash flows, and enhances quality control of receipts. On the other hand, listed companies have increased their investment in research and development since 12 years, followed by annual research on hairdressing enterprises.
Control and simulation technology research: development of new products such as a new generation of electro-information capture systems, power cloud computing, big data platforms, smart energy, car networking, demand side management, spot markets for power trade, internationalization of products such as fast-track measurement architectures (ATMs), three-phase tables overseas, distribution terminals, etc., and overseas certification.
R & D investment has been supporting growth in Nanwe for 16 years, as reflected in the 16-year report. This 16-year-old company resonance with its old and new business.
Re-initiation of power automation operations and the contribution of new panels, represented by industrial rotations and energy conservation, have grown more rapidly in power automation, mainly movement control automation and distribution automation, which is represented by a new cycle of d5,000 product replacements, which has begun to be fully rolled out in all municipalities and distribution automation.
The business is a relatively new one, and the grid is basically just starting to invest in a large scale, and in the future it's going to invest more gradually. Automation is mainly about the replacement of stocks and the incremental demand for super-high pressure. Automation of electricity will open up further as the electricity market moves.
In the new business, the SWIFT operation started to work, with three years of high growth in energy conservation and environmental protection. As shown in the figure below, SWIC operations began to operate at a rate of up to 70 per cent over 16 years, mainly from the integrated surveillance system to the signal system (the first SWIFT to win the Integrated Monitoring System and the signal ats in Suzhou in July 16).
Systems such as integrated line command and control systems, which for the first time opened the doors to atss, were integrated into the system, such as the higher profit link penetration, and the continued high rate of growth associated with the acceleration of large-scale projects: energy conservation and environmental operations; wind power in energy operations was down with the industry, and the photovoltage package project remained stable.
The new business is growing faster than the traditional power automation business, and is the focus of the next development of the nation’s electricity and electricity industry. Thirteen years of asset injections have resulted in a detailed breakdown of the impact of the partitions, including Beijing, China, China, and the Stable Branch, which are mainly engaged in grid automation, which is listed above.
Thirteen years of co-existation have been considered at the speed of the growth. The remaining countries have a complex split between the power-rich and solar energy performance in Nanxi, and we have not integrated the power generation and new energy panels and energy-efficient environmental panels.
The total asset for this transaction is $27.6 billion, the best-quality asset in the Nanxi Group. The easy asset is Pritt ' s 100% high-pressure equity, design company ' s 100% equity, Jiangning Base and Puguchi estate land: the main operating assets and liabilities held by the Nanxi Group; and the Nanxi Group.
In addition to the 87 per cent share held by Shen Guofang, the remaining 13 per cent is still held by Shen House: 100 per cent of the shares held by the Nanxi Group, 100 per cent of the shares held by the IT Corporation, 100 per cent of the Puri Project, 100 per cent of the shares held by Preytech, 100 per cent of the shares held in Beijing, 100 per cent of the shares held by Nanxie, 100 per cent of the shares held in Shanghai, 90 per cent of the shares held by Indonesian companies and 99 per cent of the shares held by Brazilian companies.
Right, Sino-Swiss 60% of the stock: the South Sino-Swe Group, Yunnan can invest 100% of the stock held by Yunnan. The price of the traded assets is $26.5 billion, or 14 times the value for 16 years, and the method of acquisition is 14 times the value of the shares plus the current year). Under the modalities of this reorganization, listed companies issue shares for the purchase of the assets.
The price of the shares is selected for the first board resolution of this reorganization. 90 per cent of the average price of the shares of the listed companies on 120 trading days prior to the announcement is the market reference price, which is determined to be no less than 90 per cent of the average price of the shares on the 20 trading days prior to the pricing benchmark.
The turnover rate of listed companies and injected assets is largely at the same level, the injection of assets will be leveraged relatively more and the net interest rate of the listed public is expected to be relatively high.
The total amount of the grant is $6.1 billion, of which 2,499 million is for the project. The price-fixing date for the share-raising campaign is the first day of the launch date.
Twenty trading days are worth 90% of the average value of stock transactions and no less than $13.93/shares. Inputs are in the direction of future industrial trends, focusing mainly on the igbt module, information security, smart water, multi-energy complementarities, cloud computing platforms, and networking. As we mentioned earlier, Nanry is now in the R & D section.
The technology-driven high-end manufacturing phase, simple expansion and hiring are no longer able to sustain growth, and sustained investment in research and development in an industrialized direction can bring about future growth.
After looking at this injection on the business block, the listed companies added three new sections, namely, relay protection, flexible transmission, electricity information communications, and overseas engineering packages.
Overseas engineering is largely dependent on international affiliates, Brazil, and Indonesia, among others. At the same time, some of the operations of the subsectors of electrical, pritt, hydroelectric, etc. will increase access to the two major business plates of grid automation and hydropower conservation.
The main asset of the acquisition was the electrical relay, which generated $6.4 billion in 16 years, resulting in net profits of 1.629 billion for mothers, 44 per cent for Māori, 21 per cent for Roe, and 85 per cent for Roe, which contributed $366 million in net profits each year and 100 million for IEC, with 69 per cent and 98 per cent respectively.
Post-trading equity influences. The share ratio of SNSG and associated parties after the transaction rose from 41% to 62.6%, with new shareholders Shen holding 2.9% of shares and Yunnan holding 0.01%. 3. Looking ahead, Nansy brands carry a historic mission
At the beginning of the 13th century, the country has set out basic guidelines for the development of the manufacturing industry, including a new generation of information technology industries and high-end companies.
Ten priority areas, such as control machines and robotics, aerospace equipment, marine engineering equipment and high-tech ships, advanced orbital transport equipment, energy-saving and new energy vehicles, electrical equipment, agricultural equipment, new materials, biomedical and high-performance medical equipment.
Industrialization and demonstration of coal-emitting units, further upgrading of super-capacity hydroelectric units, nuclear power units, heavy gas turbines. Promotion of new and renewable energy equipment, advanced storage devices, smart power grids for transmission and end-of-use equipment. Breaking through power power electronics, high-temperature superconductor materials, etc.
The manufacturing and application of key components and materials creates industrialization capabilities.” The 10-strength South-Sweet Group is involved in inter-trading, energy-saving and new energy vehicles, electrical equipment, new-generation information technology, four major plates, and the future direction and space of Nam-Swee's brand.
And industrialization, which is also the focus of this year’s funding mobilization, is fully responsive to the country’s demands and calls, and, after the installation of electricity on the market, Nanxi can use the capital market to boost the development of the industry. Nanxi is the 15th largest software company in the country in 16 years.
Industry, in 2016, won the fifteenth place on the list of China's 100-strong firms in integrated software and information technology services competitiveness in 2016, ranked according to the revenues and R & D inputs of the software business, and Swe is the first-ranked company in the electricity and equipment industry.
Figure 14: China ' s software and information technology suit, world-class, in 2016, is expected to increase the cost of research and development to 1.5 billion New Zealand-based world-class power manufacturers. Restructured nation-wide electricity is China ' s smart power grid.
Technology leaders, supporters of global energy Internet front-line technology research and major equipment development, and domestic industry groups. New South Switzerland will have the most complete electrical equipment industry, and both hardware and software will be capable of providing a holistic solution.
The R & D capabilities of products and technologies such as electricity transmission, electricity information communications, electricity generation and water automation, energy conservation and environmental protection, industrial control (including orbital traffic) and related engineering services and engineering contracts were further strengthened by restructuring.
He represents a research and development team with a focus on over 4,000 R & D personnel; has a number of national and international R & D awards and results, 1,497 S & T awards, 2490 patents, 260 technical standards, 5 international standards such as iec, 1085 software copyrights, mpce (English) impact factors
Continent number one. Reorganization is expected to increase R & D investment to 1.5 billion yuan (5% or more of R & D costs). The direction of investment, highlighted above, is consistent with national strategies and industry trends.
During the 13th five-year period, we invested in the grid not less than $3.34 trillion (497.7 billion in 15 years, 452.1 billion in 16 years, 542.6 billion in 15 years, and more than 10 per cent in 16 years for both).
The annual compound growth is about 7.5%, focusing on investment in ultra-high voltage transmission, grid upgrading, and the need to deepen the smart grid. According to the 13th Five-Year Plan, by 2020: the entire population will use 6.8-7.2 trillion kilowatt-hours (KWh) of electricity to deliver the transmission route to the east of the country at 270 million kilowatts (a further 130 million kilowatts): 500 kilowatts (KV) of electricity will be added to the country.
The above communication lines amount to 92,000 km, with a transformation capacity of 920 million kVA; the high voltage distribution grid has a transformation capacity of 2.1 billion kVA, with a line length of 1.01 million km; and the medium-voltage public utility transfer capacity of 1.150 GVA and a line length of 4.04 million km.
The 13th Five-Year Strategic Emerging Industries Development Plan, launched at the end of 16, clearly states that by 2020, a new generation of strategic and emerging industries, such as information technology, high-end equipment, new materials, biology, new energy vehicles, new energy sources, energy conservation and environmental protection, and digital creativity, will be rapidly growing.
With a GDP share of 15%, a new generation of information technology, high-end manufacturing, biology, green low carbon, digital creativity, and five new pillars of 10 trillion yen in output, and a large cross-border convergence of new growth points in the wider world. New South Swe is actively exploring new growth points in these new strategic and emerging industries.
Increased investment in research and development, particularly in electricity information technology, high-end electrical equipment, new energy vehicle infrastructure, and energy-efficient environmental protection, has gradually become industry-wide. We expect that the overall business performance in New South Sudan will double by 2020, with new operations and the sea.
The rate of increase should exceed the industry average; the track trade is another big point, with 58 municipalities now having already invested 3.7 trillion yuan in total planned lines, of which 14 are planned to invest more than $100 billion: green energy conservation, including new operations in grids and replacements, operations in the system
Tens of thousands, more than 12,000 additional centralized charging stations, more than 4.8 million decentralized charging posts; steady growth in the new energy sector during the 1355s; and more than 40 per cent annual compound growth in the international market size of existing product operational targets, projected to be achieved
By 2020, the country accounted for 20% of its operations. In September 16th year, Nanxia won the winning bid for Brazil's beautiful mountain, with hydropower ~800 kv T-high pressure sending out core equipment such as a second-phase switch valve, a direct flow control protection system, a direct flow measurement, etc., marking the core product of Nanxiu in the field of ultra-high voltage direct transmission.
And key technologies are making a major breakthrough. At the moment, power automation has become the world's number one technology and size, and at the same time it is the world's leading manufacturer of a global whole-of-the-art solution in terms of direct flow. As we move forward along the way, XIII.
The five-year period is expected to see a full-scale breakthrough in the countries along the road, with South America and South-East Asia, as subsidiaries of the national power grid, also a traditional niche market. The way forward, according to them, is to focus on the following: one is to rely on its own power information.
The advantages in this area, in the context of the restructuring of the electricity system, are to fully deepen the various components applied to distribution and distribution, the functions of which include control, data realization, trading systems, etc., which involve a large number of downstreams, 2b including grids, power generation groups, companies selling electricity, industrial parks, etc., 2c
The second is to implement the “China-made 2025” module, speed up the igbt module, high power electronics, automation of industrial production processes, smart manufacturing control systems, etc.
Technology and product R & D applications, where the current high-power electronics technology is in the hands of a small number of overseas firms with high prices, and where Swe, as the country's best enterprise, has an obligation to break the monopoly of technology abroad.
The largest increase in electricity and electronics in the Nanxi and Prey projects is in three major sectors, one for protection automation, one for electrical power, and the third for industrial control. Historically, more than 90% of all grids in 2006 and 2007 are now 45%.
As a follow-up to this development, which is more dependent on overseas operations, which in the future will be more power-generating electronics, there are many direct-flow projects in North America and Europe that need to be adapted. Protection automation is mainly applied to power grids and power plants, which now account for 55 per cent of the total revenue.
China, especially Nanxiu, has the best surveillance and protection technology in the world, ensuring that there has been no widespread power outages in the country for a long time, and is now in the top trinity with abb and Siemens, and it is now mainly about upgrading new domestic products and accompanying exports abroad.
The second electric power business, which is the most promising piece in the future, currently accounts for about 37 per cent of the revenue, is primarily a flow switch valve in direct-flow super-pressure, including traditional direct transmission systems and flexible direct flow valves, which use self-closing full-control devices such as igbt, which will be the focus of Nanry's research and development.
Breaking the technological monopoly overseas, at present, the design and production of the igbt chip has English flyer (infinion), abb, Mitsubishi (mitsubischelectric), dynex (csr), ixyscorpation, internationalrectifier, powerex, philips, motoola, fujielectric, Hitachi, toshiba)
China’s production of 2025 also focuses on the development and industrialization of high-power electronics as part of its power supply plate. In the area of industrial automation, companies are still small, and there is still a lot of room for growth.
During the 12th and 13th years, companies will be able to maintain stability in their current development patterns. We expect the total capacity of the domestic industrial automation market to reach $70 billion by 2020.
The high-pressure flow sends out core equipment such as a second-stage flow valve, a straight flow control protection and a straight flow survey. Soft direct flow works on the five ends of the canoe, three ends of the canoe, and a soft flow project on the thongs, are currently involved in advancing the soft direct flow project at ~500kv in the north of Zhang.
We've been able to compare the value of offshore power to the value of the foreign flagship company with the national electricity grid, which is now giving Peg well over one, while the foreign giants have a very large market value and are increasing at a significantly faster rate than the national electricity.
The net profit increases in the table below are higher in 17 years, at 50% and 25% respectively. The annual increase is 16%; 16 years of gecapital is a loss for the capital plate, and 17 years are a loss.
The rate of growth in Siemens is 7% in 18 years. The rate of growth in Siemens is more real, and overseas agencies have better projections for 17 years of revenue and net profit rates, with the highest rate of increase in wind power from 6 billion euros to 8.7 billion Euros, with a more significant increase in net profit rates, most notably the increase in the business of digitalfactory from 16.6% to 16.6%.
19.4 per cent, wind power increased from 7.8 per cent to 9.3 per cent, and wind power and industrial controls were the two most contributing plates.
It began with a gradual slowdown in the performance of Nanwe, but the market has always given more than a 20-fold valuation, which is the market’s recognition of Nanxi’s profitability and future development, as well as a certain premium within the industry. We expect the company to remain in place during the historic phase of asset injection, with 16 years of steady performance.
The impact, and the price premium for the flagship company, we think is a reasonable valuation of the company's assets after they've been injected. 1) The macroeconomic rate of growth has fallen and the electricity network has not invested as much as expected. The rate of growth in the original business in Nanse is tied to investment in the grid, and the 13th and 5th grid has launched a large-scale investment plan, which is an increase in the performance of Nanse.
Long-term foundations, of course, are not planned to meet the expected risks.2 Overseas operations are not advancing as expected. Overseas operations, especially direct-flow operations, are now on the ground in Brazil, and the subsequent risk is that overall progress along the way is less than expected.
Assets are expected to be injected at the end of the year, with a year-round balance. The long process of approval of state enterprises’ reforms, ranging from the national grid to the approval of several levels of the National Finance Committee, will affect stock price movements between and through.
Three tables of corporate finance. East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory board.