Events: On 11 July 2022, Ultralight Inc. received an indirect controlling shareholder, Peking Ji Guangchi Co. Ltd., about the shares of Purple Group Ltd. and the actual controllers.
The company changed to a person with no real control.
\triangleright, in accordance with the company announcement and the reorganization plan approved by the ruling of the Beijing Middle House I, is a coalition of the leaders of the Beijing Institute for the Management of Intellectual Property Ltd. and the Beijing Institute for the Management of Assets Ltd.
This is called the "Swiss-Little-Little-Little-Little-Little-Little-Little-Little-Little-Little-Little-Little-Little-Little-Little."
On 11 July 2022, the Purple Group completed the business and industry change registration process, with 100% of its equity registered to a smart core, which changed to an indirect controlling shareholder of the company. Prior to this change, the Ministry of Education of the People’s Republic of China was the company.
After this change in actual control, the company became uncontrollable. The smooth completion of the handing over of the shares of the Purple Group marks the full entry into the judicial reorganization implementation phase, and the elimination of the uncertainty at the equity level in the case of purple shares is beneficial to the company.
Optimization of governance structures, with a combination of funders behind smart-core holdings, is expected to take full advantage of their two-wheel-drive advantage of “equity-based investment in technology, strategic industry operations” and to create synergies with the company's existing industry, filling the industrial chains and contributing to corporate industrial development.
Purple shares (000938.sz): Numeric intelligence age, hard technology taps breaking the tide. Purple shares (000938.sz): Performance instruments.
As expected, in the digital economy era, the ict was crowned with "Utlight Shares (000938.sz): Performance is consistent with Sinda Securities Inc.
Figure 1: Changes in the company ' s equity structure
The digital economy drives long-term growth of the ict equipment, the “Key-Cloud-Net-End” industry-wide deployment of core competitiveness \triangleright digital economy has become a key underpinning of current economic development, the core building block for the intellectual transformation of enterprises, long-term
The company, around its “digital brain” intelligence strategy, is able to achieve a deep layout of its entire industry chain through two major business lines and five core subsidiaries: (a) a chip: Xinhua's three-and-a-half-conductor self-research of high-end network equipment chips, which drive continuous increases in profitability; and (b) cloud computing: Xinhua's three and purple clouds provide public and private clouds,
Mixed cloud multiple solutions, full-line coverage of cloud computing products; 3) network and int equipment: companies are core competitive in areas such as switchboards, routers, servers, etc., and their share of the market is expected to increase continuously as China becomes more softly focused; 4) network security: the country values the development of cybersecurity and corporate network competitiveness is strong; 5) commercial terminals: practise alin
Aii. Smart strategy, dedicated to building digital enabling links across the world. Multi-products lead the country, and research and development continues to invest in consolidating the ict pole.
In 2021, the market share of China ' s firm-level wlan was 28.4 per cent in the first market in 13 consecutive years; in China, the market share of the Ether exchange was 35.2 per cent in the second place; in China, the market share of the Internet routers rose from 30.8 per cent in the previous year to 31.3 per cent in the second place; and in China, the market share of the x86 server increased from 15.4 per cent in the previous year to 17.4 per cent in the second place.
Upgraded to second in the market; 19.5 per cent of the market share of the non-x86 server in China, rising from the fourth jump of the previous year to first; 47.8 per cent of the market share of the blade server in China, continuing to be the first in the United Market; 12.6 per cent of the stock market in China, ranking second in the market; 9.0 per cent of the market share of the security hardware in China, ranking second in the market; and 3rd quarter of 2021 in China
In 20.5% of the market share, the market share rises to the top. In 2021, the company invested $4,881 million in R&D, creating a solid foundation.
The \triangleright purple cloud continues to build core cloud service capabilities and to create deep synergies for cloud business growth. Forty-three nodes have been built throughout the country, covering 22 provinces, including 8 self-built nodes, 11 joint nodes, 24 political clouds and exclusive cloud nodes.
Cloud services: a cloud service program that marks the city of Chongqing, the city of Gansu, the city of Beijing, and the city of Beijing.
Industry clouds: focused on industrial clouds, construction clouds, and water clouds, building platforms + ecological + integrated service systems, deep-farming applications, building core Paas and saas capabilities. The purple light created by Purple Clouds and Xinhua.
The unipower industrial Internet platform was selected for the study on the Chinese Internet Industry Platform “Excellent Performers” quadrant, the ubiquitous assessment of the idc industrial Internet platform manufacturer of China “Major Producers”; the water cloud achieved deep cultivation in water governance, water quality monitoring systems, water information conversion; and the construction of clouds in smart parks, smart sites, residential information etc.
To continue its efforts; successively, the Shenyang Industries Project 2021, the Jiangjin Smart Park Industrial Clouds Project, the South Lakes Current Water Clouds Management Project, etc.
The company is a leading domestic ict equipment company, with a complete “coon-net-side-end-core” industrial chain, which in recent years has made sustained breakthroughs in operators’ high-end markets and overseas markets, and we appreciate the company’s competitive power and long-term development in the digital economy era. The public cloud computing industry is not expected to grow as expected; overseas operations are not growing as expected; and parent firms’ debt restructuring has not worked as expected.
In January 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which covered cloud computing & idc products, and the Beijing University of Foreign Languages, with a master's degree in finance, 8th degree in English. He worked at the Shanghai Steel Federation's mri Research Centre, which was responsible for research on motor panels. He joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2020.
In July 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre for communications & Internet research, covering such areas as industrial Internet/industrial software, smart network cars, cloud computing industry chains, and the Internet.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.