Performance met expectations with steady growth of the ict pole of the digital economy when H1 achieved a total revenue of $34.402 billion, an increase of 11.88 per cent in the same year; a net return profit of $959 million, an increase of 3.58 per cent in the same year; and a net profit of $875 million, a decrease in the non-retroactivity of the parent.
The UV shares (000938), the same rate of Māori rises in the second quarter, and the power of R & D continues to grow, and according to company announcements, the company achieved business income of $19.61 billion in q2 in 2022, a year-on-year increase.
10.54 per cent; net return of 587 million yuan, a decrease of 9.81 per cent in the same year; accelerated typographical transformation programmes; and increased cloud service capacity.
Sales systems, industrial and commercial markets have developed in tandem; markets abroad have steadily expanded, and revenues from product sales and the number of overseas partners have continued to increase; companies have overcome the adverse effects of the epidemic and have advanced delivery and project implementation.
The Bureau’s “Cyro-Cloud-Web-End” industrial chain has seen a steady increase in the overall harvest, which is expected to grow in the future as the digital economy accelerates.
In the era, the hard-tech poles began to break, the purple shares (000938.sz): performance expectations, increased profitability.
Utility Shares (000938.sz): Group Debt Resurgence, Future Development of the Company
In terms of profitability, the company's Māori rate has risen in the second quarter and the net interest rate ring has improved.
We believe that with the increased market share of the company, the optimal product structure, the expansion of the overseas market, and the continued use of self-research chips, the combined Māori ratio of the company is expected to be further optimized. 0.60 pct, 1.34 pct, the financial cost of H1 in 2022 was mainly increased by Xinhua Triad Ltd., a subsidiary of the company in the current period.
In a single quarter, companies continued to invest in research and development, with many excellent R & D teams and strong innovation capabilities. In 2022, h1 companies invested $2.363 billion in R & D, an increase of 11.72% over the same period, and R & D costs of 6.87%.
Research and development investments in information security, physical networking, storage, 5g, industrial applications have been instrumental in the development of companies. Xinhua's three intellectual talents have been digitally transformed and increased to maintain a faster rate of growth. h1 has achieved business income of 23.831 billion yuan a year, an increase of 20.95 per cent, and a net profit of 1,777 million yuan, a growth rate of the same year.
20.82%. In 2022, H1 Xinhua III focused on the three main markets for domestic business, domestic operators and international operations, its intra-China business grew steadily, amounting to RMB 18.22 billion, an increase of 18.16% compared to the previous year; domestic business cooperation deepened, generating operating income of RMB 40.04 billion, an increase of 38.34% compared to the previous year; international business steadily advanced, with products.
The scale of the sale of solutions has continued to increase, with an increase of RMB 905 million, or 13.88 per cent over the same period, of which Xinhua 3H3c brand products and services have generated income of $356 million, or 17.71 per cent over the same period.
There have been continuous breakthroughs in the fields of smart medicine, digital finance, and intelligent transport, and participation in the writing of a number of industry standards, while Xinhua has launched a new model of creative ict services, creating the Tob, Tog, ict-wide commercial city, Xinhua Three Business Town, which is officially on the line to provide a one-stop ict service to its clients.
A number of commonly used solutions, online integration to meet the digital transformation needs of clients in different sectors, and digital transformation and upgrading of customers in a wide range of enabling industries. Domestic operators: 2022 h1, Xinhua III in-depth implementation of the Xinhua two-line strategy to promote the integration of the operator cloud network
In the technical areas of active deployment of a network of operators numeracy, certainty networks, liquid cold data centres, light-quantitative core networks, etc., the expansion of the political and business markets and emerging market operations has led to a rapid increase in the size of the operator’s operations.
All of the seven packages were rounded up, with a winning value of more than 3 billion yuan; the winning China Telecom First Urban Cloud Network Equipment vbras Collection Project, which entered key Chinese telecommunications operations such as Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Guangdong and Sichuan; and the winning China Wide Power 5g Core Network Project - an item for the procurement of the int cloud pool equipment, which provided an int cloud pool for the China Wide Power 5g Network
The required overall solutions such as cloud platforms, hardware and hardware products, combined transport, and accompanying engineering services; the China Connected Firewall Collection project with the largest share and fully deployed in core sites such as the Connected Communications Clouds, 5 gc, Bones Clouds; the China Mobile Data Centre Exchange Collection Project, the China Mobile IT-owned Cloudsdn Framework Collection Project, China
Key projects such as the Connected Data Centre Switching Project, and the China Connect Cloud Server Collection Project, further breakthroughs in the operator’s high-end strategic market: core router cr 19000 continues to expand, further in the first half of the year, breaking through the core nodes of the three major operators’ urban area network; and successful moves to China’s 5g small stations, steadily boosting power in China.
Pilot and testing of Xinhua and China's 5g ministations. Operators have expanded their operations at an accelerated pace, with a rapid increase in the scale of new operations: high growth in household products, such as smart family gateways, home-based cameras, and a significant increase in the scale of their operations; and the Xinhua Sanhu desktop, a provincial framework for the movement of Chinese companies in nearly 20 provinces, the framework
Over 500 million yuan; cooperation with and deployment of the cloud desktop operations in the Utsundo Province of China; and further cooperation with the three operators on the new security-specific line of operations, which has become the leading partner in the three operators’ security lines. International operations: 2022h1, Xinhua San has continued to strengthen the layout and talent team of overseas affiliates, which are now overseas affiliates.
The number has reached 12; 225 new overseas certified partners have been added, bringing the total to 1,055; the overseas service system is expanding, with more than 200 overseas service partners. In response to the international market demand for Chang Zinhua solutions, four priorities have been issued, namely, co-location solutions, innovative educational solutions, efficient medical solutions and reliable public service solutions.
Scene-based solutions have been applied in several countries, including Malaysia, Japan, to achieve breakthroughs in government, health, education, finance, energy, transport, etc. The critical technology of the purple cloud has continued to evolve, and cloud services have continued to break through.
In 2022, h1, the core subsidiary, Purple Clouds, achieved operating income of $558 million, an increase of 42.38 per cent over the same period.
Construction, active layout of a global solution for marginal clouds and distributed clouds; enhancement of the user-friendliness and maintenance of cloud computing products; high delivery, operation and maintenance quality of transport services: increased technology research and development, improvement of the technical capacity of soft gateways, Paas platforms, roll-out of the Lake Warehouse technology programme, and completion of national production in cloud platforms, cloud desktops, computing virtualization software, databases and big data
In terms of cloud services, smart cities, and industrial clouds, the following are continuing breakthroughs: cloud services, which have been marked by an uproar of the cloud, tax clouds in Chongqing, public security in Shenzhen, public security in Luoyang, and public security in Luoyang.
In the case of smart cities, projects such as smart cities in Yang City, smoke control, prevention and control of the disease in Wu Qingzhou, public security in Quanzhou, etc. In the case of industrial clouds, projects such as smart emergencies in the successful Shen Yangtze Park, smart railway sites in Chongqing, etc. The market share of  multi-products continues to lead, and the position of ict is stable.
In 2022, q1, the company’s market share of a number of products continued to lead. According to idc data, the company was ranked first in the market share of 38.7%, 39.8%, and 37.7% in the market for Ethernet, Enterprise Network and Data Center exchanges in China; the share of China’s business network routers increased from 31.3% to 33.7% in the previous year, and remained second in the market; the Chinese company continued to be second in the market.
Trade-level wlan market share was 31.9 per cent first in 13 consecutive years; China ' s share in the market for servers x 86 was 16.5 per cent, remaining second in the market; China ' s share in the market for blade servers was 49.0 per cent, and the market was first in the market; China ' s share in the storage market was 12.8 per cent, and was second in the market continuously; China ' s share in the utm firewall market was second in the market at 20.0 per cent; and China ' s over-diversion was second in the market.
\triangleright is a leading domestic firm in ict equipment, with a complete “coon-net-side-end-core” industrial chain, and we're looking at the company's digital history.
The cloud computing industry was not as developed as expected; overseas business was not as developed as expected; and the parent company’s debt restructuring was not as effective as expected. After taking up its position as a Chinese stockholder, a vendor’s portfolio, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2021, with deep coverage of the smart manufacturing & cloud computing idc industrial chain, the cable & telecommunications new energy industry chain, the smart car & smart grid industrial chain, the 5g industrial chain, etc.
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications sector, covering areas such as network of goods, vehicle navigation, smart power grids, operators, and 5g applications.
Qi yang, Communications Research Assistant, Masters in Engineering, Beijing University, Software Engineering. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Program in July 2021, conducting research in the communications industry, covering areas such as smart manufacturing, vehicle cameras, vehicle connectors, etc. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.