The stock of purple (000938.sz) The debt restructuring program is on the ground, looking at the company's long-term business development, the company's research, the company's evaluation.
On 14 January 2022, Xiaozhin was awarded a decision by the Middle House of Beijing I approving a substantive consolidation reorganization plan for seven enterprises, including Purple Group Limited.
Under the Reorganization Plan, 528 million shares (18.45% of the total stock) held by the information disclosure obligor in the Tibetan Purple Communication are part of the current Reconsolidation Resources, which will be paid directly to the creditors or deposited to the Purple Group Manager ' s Securities Account, depending on the creditor ' s choice. This change in interest is due to the reduction in the number of shares held in the Tibet Purple Communication as a result of the Reorganization Plan (which represents 528 million shares) in the total equity share.
18.45%) of which 141 million shares (491% of total equity) have been registered directly with the relevant creditors and 380 million shares (13.54% of total equity) have been deposited into the securities account opened by the Purple Group Administrator. Following the completion of the transfer, Tibet Purple now holds 800 million shares in purple light and 28.00% of total stock in purple light.
1) The company ' s current equity transfer scheme has further clarified the ratio of creditors to creditors who, after the overall selection, are expected to accumulate 4.91 per cent of the shares in the purple light, a larger proportion being below the ceiling of 18.45 per cent proposed by the company, with a relatively limited impact on the company ' s short-term share price. 2) In terms of progress, when the company ' s current transfer scheme is clear, the handing over of the subsequent shareholdings will still require further deliberation, and in terms of rhythm,
Some shareholdings still require the determination of legal procedures, and it is hoped that they will be completed in the near future, with a restructuring that will result in the elimination of uncertainty at the corporate equity level and the continued optimization of governance structures, which will help companies to focus further on their main industries. Consider the company’s ability to provide integrated solutions to the social digital transformation, and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
In November 2020, the stock debt constituted a material default, in 2021 it was formally filed for bankruptcy reorganization, and in December 2021 it was determined that a consortium of seven firms, such as the Purple Group, comprised of the Beijing Smart Road Asset Management Ltd. and the Beijing Jianxan Asset Management Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the “Swiss Construction Consortium”) as lead parties, would be a substantial consolidation of strategic investors.
According to the draft reorganization, strategic investors have contributed 60 billion yuan in cash to this restructuring, including 54.9 billion yuan in cash from consortium members, such as smart capital, build-up assets, Great Wall assets, CHEWA and Hebei Investment, built through their TABA platform 100 per cent of the stock of the Reconstituted Purple Group, and 5.1 billion yuan in cash from consortium members, Hubeiko, to acquire the long-sovereign project assets (including the Tibetan Purple Power in Reassembled Enterprises)