Utility shares (000938.sz) Synchronization of domestic and foreign operations, opening up a new ict service model, yielding $23,831 million, or +21 per cent; net profit of $1.78 billion, or +20.82 per cent.
Operators and purple cloud operations have been growing faster than ever. Structurally, the 22 first half of the year has been growing faster overall in the service category, with 22.1 billion yuan (year-on-year + 18 per cent), of which Xinhua III, the main controlling subsidiary, achieved 23.8 billion yuan (year-on-year + 21 per cent).
52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices In full cooperation with operators, domestic operators collected $4.04 billion, or +38.34 per cent of the year; International operations received $905 million, or +13.88 per cent of the year, of which Xinhua 3h3c brand products and
The service income is $356 million, an increase of 17.71%. The controlling subsidiary, the Purple Cloud, has achieved $558 million in the first half of the year, compared to +42.38 per cent, and is continuously upgrading critical technology, building a cloud of intelligence, spreading clouds, and constantly upgrading the power of the marginal cloud, with a focus on upgrading industrial cloud services.
The level of Māori rate has remained largely stable, with a slight decline in the non-net profit margin of the same year. In terms of profitability, corporate services and own products as a whole have been growing steadily, companies have appropriately reduced the low Māori product ratio, the overall Māori ratio has been 21%, (up by 1 pct, 1 pcct), and the net interest rate is returned to the mother.
Xinhua has launched a new ict service model. The company uses core products and high-tech value-added solutions to make a further transition to an integrated solution provider.
(i) The continuous increase in the market share of network products (202201), the company says, " Purple shares (000938.sz) - the debt restructuring programme is on the ground, looking at the company ' s long-term history.
Net/enterprise network/data-centre switchboard market share first, Chinese enterprise router market share increased from 31.3 to 33.7 per cent, ranking second in the market; at the Chinese firm level wlan market, Purple Light Shares (000938.sz) - Quarterly performances increased, with higher Māori products
Firstly, 2) the company is deeply involved in the design of the digital transformation programme in such industries as smart cities, medical traffic media, etc., " Purple shares (000938.sz) - a healthy overall business, cloud and ict performance " ; 3) Xinhua III has launched a new ict service model to build an ict all-store mall.
3rd Quarterly Financial Reporting Review: Three Quantities of Profit Proficiency Investment Proposal: Maintenance of Profit Forecasts and Maintenance of “buy-in” Ratings 880 million yuan (+26.4%) of non-net profit deductions. Of this, Xinhua III achieved 23,831 million won, corresponding to +21%;
Operators and purple cloud operations have been growing faster than ever. Structurally, the 22st half-year-old service group as a whole has been growing faster, with 22.1 billion yuan (compared with 18%), of which 22.1 billion yuan has been collected.
Xinhua's main controlling subsidiary, Xinhua, achieved a revenue of 23.8 billion yuan (year-on-year + 21 per cent). Of this, domestic business works in close cooperation with the full range of operators, with domestic operators earning $4.04 billion (year-on-year +38.34 per cent) and international operations generating $905 million (year-on-year +13.88 per cent), of which Xinhua's 3-h3c brand products and services are received.
For the first half of the year, the stock-holding subsidiary, the purple cloud, collected $558 million, compared to +42.38 per cent, and continued the evolution of key technologies, building cloud-wide cloud formations and increasing the capacity of marginal clouds, with a focus on upgrading industrial clouds.
Figure 5: The rate of harvest and increase of different products of the UV shares (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 6: Māori rates of different products of the UV shares (in thousands, per cent) The Māori rate level has remained largely stable and the net profit rate of deductions has declined slightly over the same period.
Services and owned products as a whole maintained robust growth, companies appropriately reduced the low Māori product ratio, corporate Māori as a whole 21 per cent, (1 pct increase and 1 pc decrease in the ring ratio) and mother ' s net interest rate 5 per cent (2 pc decrease in the ratio, Ring figure 8: Changes in the three cost ratios of purple shares (quarterly)
Figure 7: Māori ratio of UV shares, changes in net interest rates (quarterly) Figure 9 Māori rate of UV shares, changes in net interest rates Figure 10: Change in cost of UV shares
In addition, Xinhua has launched a new ict service model, creating the Tob, Tog, and ict all-house commercial city.
Xinhua Three Business Towns is officially online, providing industry clients with a one-stop ict service. Xinhua Three Business Town shortens traditional ict commercial links and creates a direct interactive digital platform where users and partners work together with the original plant.
Technical guidance and advice, easy and quick access to products and services of the original plant, have integrated more than 50 scenarios, more than 300 common solutions, such as smart education, smart medicine, digital villages, smart parks, etc., to meet the digital transformation needs of clients in different industries.
International operations are growing in scale and pattern. Xinhua has continued to strengthen the overseas affiliates’ layout and talent corps, which now number 12; there are 225 new overseas certification partners, which cumulatively reach 1,055; and overseas service systems are expanding, with over 200 overseas service partners.
The demand for scenario-based solutions is rising in international markets, and Xinhua-Sinhua has released a coordinated, priority-based scenario-based solution to international markets, which has been applied in several countries, such as Malaysia and Japan. The time has come for companies to maintain a “buy-in” rating in terms of their ability to integrate solutions in the digital transformation of society.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them