On 11 July 2022, the company received a notice of changes in the shares of the shares of the Purple Light Group Limited and the persons actually in control of the company.
The purple light group completed the cut-off on schedule, and the judicial reorganization officer set up a platform for the acquisition of battles for the establishment of a broad consortium of intellectuals to carry out the judicial reconstitution of the purple light group.
On July 11, 2022, the Purple Group completed the business change registration process, with 100% of the shares registered to the smart core. According to the company officials, the successful transfer of the shares marks the completion of all relevant administrative clearances under the reorganization plan.
Deposit, making appropriate arrangements for the stay of recognition of claims, follow-up review of undeclared claims, settlement of claims, and submitting to the People's Court an application for closure of the reorganization proceedings, which was approved by the Court, led to the successful completion of the Reorganization of the Purple Group.
\triangleright, according to the company's July 1 announcement, 18.45% of the company's shares were in the group's debt-reorganization fund as a result of the reorganization plan.
Ma, of which 4.91 per cent have been registered directly to the relevant creditors, 13.54 per cent have been transferred to the securities account opened by the administrator of the Purple Group, which, through its fully-owned subsidiary, Beijing Purple Communication, has been transferred to Tibet Purple Express.
The Ministry of Education of the People ' s Republic of China, which holds 28.00 per cent of the indirect shares in T-shirt companies, is the company ' s most intelligent and broad-core equity structure, with I-L-capital acting as a separate general partner and as a shareholder in executive affairs (Huangzhou, Luang Lake Ji Mian, Lake Harbour and Guangchang) holding 47.13 per cent of the total; and the construction of general assets as an ordinary shareholder.
The shareholders of the partners and the executive partners (Wanging Man, Chongqing and Yangtze) together held 27.32 per cent of the shares; the shareholders (Juhai Xianhua, I don't have control or control over either side) jointly with the other companies held 16.44 per cent of the shares; and Hebei was the owner of the joint venture.
Xinhua General and executive partners are shareholders in Hebei Electronics, holding 9.11% of the shares.
There is no other concerted operational relationship between East and East, and there is no single shareholder (and its co-operators) holding more than 50 per cent of the expansion, so that the group shares have been cut off and the purple shares have no real control.
We believe that a decentralized equity institution such as a smart-width platform is similar to an international technology firm like Microsoft, Apple: performance is over-expected, and Xinhua's three businesses are profiting both ways.
In the interest of the future development of the Purple Group, which will absorb more resources, the company will benefit significantly from constant innovation and robust growth as the core asset of the Group's cloud grid.
The two-wheel-drive advantage of performance, dynamic operators + overseas equity investments, strategic industry operations, providing innovation for the Purple Group and companies Markets, overall share continuously increasing
4. Utility shares (000938.sz)
Group debt restructuring, digital economy bottom-loading, group and corporate empowerment, coupled with successful resolution of group debt or the emergence of incentives and management efficiencies for companies
5. Purple Shares (000938). The draft Utility Group Reorganization \triangleright methodology and analytical logic draws conclusions, produces the present report independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.