Conlon became a 300759 pharmaceutical creature with a quarterly upturn in performance and a steady upturn in multi-operations at the Southwest Securities Institute.
Events: The company published its annual report for 2024, when it realized business income of $12.28 billion, or 6.4 per cent, for the entire year 2024; achieved a net profit of $1.79 billion, or 12.0 per cent, for the mother; achieved an adjusted gain of $3.46 billion, or 16.1 per cent, for the mother; achieved a adjusted net profit of $50 billion for the non-ifrs.
The performance of the company has risen quarterly, by 1.7 per cent over the same period. With the recovery in industry and demand from overseas markets, the company achieved business income of 26.7.29.3/32.1.34.6 billion yuan in q1 to q4 in 2024, compared to the previous quarter.
In 2024, the company’s revenues and profits were warming on a quarterly basis. The company’s net profits, adjusted for noon-ifrs during the year and the first three quarters, fell on a year-on-year basis as a result of a combination of disturbances such as new loans in late 2023, new production capacity in Ningbo.
In China, the biological sciences have continued to strengthen the connection with laboratory chemistry and have significantly expanded business opportunities for new molecular types, increasing faster than ever, at 54 per cent +. The rate is 33.6 per cent (-0.1 pp).
In addition, the company has made a breakthrough in the commercialization of innovative medicines, and two products of innovative pharmaceutical preparations developed by help clients have been approved for listing in China, and the Ningboapi production workshop has been tested for the first time by the United States for new drugs (pai).
Clinical research services – profit-making phase pressure, increased market share. Corporate clinical research clothing increased in 2024 as a result of increased competition in domestic market service prices and changes in order-enforcement structure.
The market share has increased further with 1,062 ongoing projects: 1600 in progress in smo; with expected risks, less productive capacity, less than expected risks, etc. 1) Laboratory services: taking into account the improved global pharmaceutical biofinancing environment, customer needs and newly signed single warming, companies, etc. 1)
We (2) cmc operations: project funnel effects are fully demonstrated as the company ' s cmc new capacity is released, early projects continue to channel flows into the post-clinical and commercial stages, newly signed single rapid growth and large-scale new drug production projects continue to grow.
3) Clinical research services: Thanks to the synergy of the corporate integration platform and the progressive increase in the influence of the Conlong clinical brand, the number of clinical services projects in the company has continued to increase, and we expect the revenue of clinical research services to increase between 2025 and 2027, we have selected the crdmo integrated drug, Ming Kande, and the Quantico Quantico, which focuses on pre-clinical research on drugs, and
As a comparable company, the clinical cologne of the three companies called the Tiger Medicines, which averaged 29 times more in 2025, is slightly higher than Conlon's conversion into a dynamic valuation level. Conlong's transformation into a leading company in the country's crdmo integrated layout, which has a significant advantage at the end of r, is expected to lead downwards, with an increased capacity to deliver the post-partum d&m winning notes, and large-scale life.
Production projects continue to grow, looking at the competitiveness and growth potential of the company. We expect that the net profit share of the company for the period 2025-2027 will not be compensated, either directly or indirectly, for its specific recommendations or views in this report.