The increase in the number of new contracts and the transformation of the energy structure has been positive. China Energy (601868.sh) won, 19.23 per cent more than the previous year, mainly for new and traditional energy projects.
The increase in the number of contracted operations, civil blasts and equipment manufacturing operations has led to an increase in the associated plate collection.
The revenue from the construction and operation of real estate and other operations was realized separately, mainly because of the expansion of business size and the increase in net profit on a year-on-year basis; the company actively increased its operations and the increase in advance payments.
Consultancy for new contracts of $11.91 billion, an increase of 4.6 per cent over the same period; for industrial manufacturing of $33.59 billion, an increase of 396.4 per cent over the same period.
Source and combined smart energy sources account for 24.1% of the total, up from 1.2pc in the previous year. Companies have made new energy development a top priority throughout the year, actively seizing new opportunities for green low-carbon energy.
In 2022, we are expected to invest more than $1 trillion in electricity. In the area of grid-building, there is still a large market for ultra-high voltage transmission routes, the construction of main grids in the provinces and districts, and the construction of distribution networks.
The average annual investment in the grid during the four-fifth period was about $580 billion, an increase of 17.15 per cent over 2021. The company is a national team for traditional power generation, representing the highest level of power and electricity construction in the world, with a market share in construction in the field of hydroelectric engineering exceeding that of electricity and water.
Over 30% of large-scale hydropower, more than 50%, has been tasked with surveying and designing almost all major clean energy transmission routes. Corporate development is expected to open up new opportunities as the share of clean energy generation rises in the future, and power grid development progresses.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
A third in the construction industry.