Performance meets expectations, Big Clinic and Be Operations Tagger Medicine (300347) □ Performance meets expectations, Big Clinical Business Recovery+Be High Growth+Increased Investment Gains
The company ' s net return profit is in line with our projection of $305 million in the performance forecast. In terms of performance, the company ' s q4 quarter realized a net return profit of $105 million (+156 per cent) in the first quarter. The continued high growth is due mainly to: (1) the resumption of clinical technical service operations (orders + Mäori increase):
Clinical test self-check verification impacts eliminated, historical contract digestion, clinical technical service operations ready for orders, increased + double benefit factor of contract price increases, and a marked recovery in Māori rates, expected to benefit from consistency evaluation in 2017: Be operations continue to grow at a high rate. 3) Non-recurrent gains and losses of approximately $65 million
□ Benefiting from the policy of innovation and consistency evaluation, large clinical +be operations have continued to be driven by two wheels, and since this year, from the Central Office and the State Office to the Directorate General of Pharmacy, to encourage innovation policies, new medicines are on the market, review clearances and clinical trial management are undergoing significant changes, and clearance of clinical trials has been explicitly promised in the past
It can be changed to tacit permission, clinical trials will be documented, etc.; in the coming years, it is expected that the first peak in the clinical and marketing phase of the country’s new drug production will be followed by a company that, as the leader of the country’s clinical coro business, is expected to maintain a high growth in its large clinical operations. At the same time, the evaluation of consistency is already at the landing stage.
It is expected that in 2018, at the peak of the Be declaration period, the company Be operations and the statistical analysis of data will continue to contribute to the growth in performance.
Continued high growth, increased performance elasticity of investment returns Gradually eliminated, clinical trial technical service operations started to recover at a high rate of growth, and large clinical operations will grow steadily as drug trials encourage innovation policies to move forward; consistency evaluations will continue
Three-quarter reviews: three-quarters performance increases are clearly accelerating, and moving forward will make Be a bright spot for the company ' s performance over the next two years; while, in the next few years, the company ' s Māori rate has recovered significantly and the year ' s high growth is recognized
High corporate growth is expected to continue. We maintain a forecast of the company’s performance (income is slightly lower than our forecast, announcement points: confirm return to high growth, watch be announcement points: q1 reversed, 17 years up).
In-depth report: Consistency evaluation contribution companies return to high coherence evaluation policy not advancing as expected; project progress is not as expected; business integration risks are not rated - not available because the necessary information is not available, or because the company faces significant uncertainties in terms of unforeseeable results, or for other reasons
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.