Tiger Medicine (300347.sz) Wang Wise Chul will benefit from an increase in the demand for an innovative drug in the long run if his performance is expected to recover.
Net profits of $310 million were recorded, while company performance was as expected. q1/q2/q3/q4 earned $3.6/3.9/4.3/50 million on a quarterly basis, while yoy returned progress on clinical services projects and new orders were raised to drive renewed performance: company performance
On the one hand, the quarterly recovery is the gradual elimination of the impact of industrial policy, and the company's clinical trials are starting to begin to recover; on the other hand, the company's new purchase orders, with corresponding price increases, have restored the Māori rate. At present, the company's remaining old orders have been absorbed towards the end of the contract, and new orders have been made.
With the increase in single charges, efficiency gains and cost controls, we have increased the elasticity of performance on the 2018 Be project: as the evaluation of generic drug consistency moves forward, we expect that the company's revenue from the 2017 Be project will reach around $180 million.
With the previous 20 co-operative hospitals (an average of 30 beds), the total number of beds available to the public will be over 700, with capacity bottlenecks. With the arrival of the generic evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency at the end of 2018, we expect that the Be project will be concentrated.
Launched in 2018. We expect that the company’s revenue from the 2018 Be project will exceed $300 million, contributing more than $75 million net profit, which will bring some elasticity to the company’s performance.
In the context of the growing capacity of domestic firms to develop innovative medicines, the demand for high-end co-services has increased accordingly. As a domestic co-lead, companies have completed multi-clinical centres in Asia and the Pacific through cooperative agreements with ps in Australia, Taiwan, Korea, and Japan.
The company has recently established a subsidiary in Switzerland, and its network of multiclinical centers will gradually expand to the global level. There are now some 40 innovative drug projects under way, most of which are in the clinical stage, and we believe that as these projects move forward, the ability of the company’s innovative drugcro service will gradually be recognized.
But there is hope that the international cro’s champions will compete. As the cro’s champions, short-term performance will continue to recover, and there is much room for long-term growth, and we maintain “buy-in” investment advice.
..the expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.