
Against this background, coupled with the continuous strengthening of its capacity for services related to its own clinical trials, such as technical services, statistical analysis, bioanalysing and, through the acquisition of domestic and foreign affiliates, the improvement of the structure of the industrial chain, which has led to a continuation of the good growth trend in the main business, with a significant increase of 116.91 per cent in performance compared to the previous year, has ushered in a turning point in performance.
The company is expected to benefit from further simplification of the approval process as the review system reforms and policies to encourage innovation in pharmaceutical appliances are deepened.
In addition, companies have been investing in domestic innovation projects from the moment they were listed, through direct investment and fund-raising, and will gradually enter the harvest period in the coming years. The subsidiaries’ operations are increasingly integrated, and their performance is remarkable.
At the same time, the Korea subsidiary dreamcis has achieved a single-month profit at the end of last year, and its performance is expected to continue to improve this year. Given the accelerated implementation of the consistency evaluation policy, the improved quality of large clinical orders, and the continuous integration of subsidiaries’ operations,
A net profit of $400, $495 million, equivalent to eps 0.80 and 0.99 per share, is realized annually for shareholders belonging to the parent company, which corresponds to 47.51 and 38.39 times more than per cent, respectively. At present, the median number of pe (ttm, minus negative values) is expected to result in a certain valuation premium, which continues to be rated “increasing.”
West Side, 28 West Rixie Street, 15th floor of Central China International Center, 1000th and Ever-largest.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, is a tax-free dealer on the 6th of China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company does not consider itself a customer for the purpose of receiving this report. Readers who do not have business relations with the company are not its customers, and the company does not have proper responsibilities.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.