China Sea Oil (600938.sh) Nping 21-4 oil field, Utsui 23-5 oil field development project operational.
According to the China Sea Oil Officer Network, on 27 June 2024, the company announced the launch of the Nping 21-4 oil field development project; and on 1 July 2024, the company announced that the oil exploration project was under way.
The company announced the launch of the Stone 23-5 oil complex development project. (1) The Npin 21-4 field is the first ultra-deep well transfer project at sea in the country, with a projected 5,300 barrels of oil equivalent/day peak production in 2025: Em Ping 21-4 field is located in the eastern part of the South Sea, about 200 kilometres south-west of Shenzhen, with an average depth of about 89 metres, and belongs to a small sandstone edge oil field.
Daily production of light crude oil can reach 740 tons, and is expected to reach a peak of about 5,300 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2025. The company relies on the Eun Pil 20-5 unmanned platform, eight kilometres away, using two ultra-deep large-scale wells, the largest of which is more than 9,500 metres deep and the horizontally moved by 8689 metres, not only refreshing the deep record of drilling at our sea, but also creating a new record of the horizontal length.
Large-scale well transfer technology is characterized by a trajectories that are not vertically down, but that, when they reach a certain depth, they are drilled horizontally into the targeted oil zone in a “turn-over” manner, enabling the precision and efficient development of long-range, small reserves of oil and gas fields and providing technical support for the development of oil and gas in complex maritime zones. In the Eunping 21-4 oil field project, super-deep large-scale well transfer wells are expected to be as high as 4.43. The successful application of large-scale well transfer technology is expected to help the East East of the South Sea.
The expansion of the reserves of the marginal oil fields, exceeding 50 million tons, provides a strong guarantee for the development of energy security in the country. The oil fields are located in the northern Gulf of the South Sea, with an average water depth of about 28 metres. Major production facilities include the construction of two new borehole platforms, and a peak production of about 18,100 barrels of oil equivalent per day will be achieved by the end of the year.
The U.S. 23-5 oil field is the first full-scale green design field in China ' s sea and the first offshore oil field offshore power project in the South China Sea. The U.S. 23-5 oil field complex is being developed for crude oil treatment stations, liquefied gas stations, liquefied petroleum gas stations, production plants, conversion stations, 5g base stations, “six together”, with the installation of water treatment stations at the U.S. stone terminal to achieve zero emissions from the production process and zero pollution from the production of water; and the integration of gas treatment equipment and storage tanks.
The efficient conversion of associated natural gas into liquefied natural gas and liquefied petroleum gas products and the storage, delivery, loading and unloading of these products have resulted in the efficient use of the dynamic full-stream depth of production. 2.2 million barrels per day were reduced at the bottom until the end of September 2024, and a gradual increase in production is planned to begin in October 2024, resulting in Brent oil.
The price dropped to a minimum of $76.7 per barrel, but then Saudi Arabia and Russia reiterated that they would retain the option to suspend or reverse production policies if necessary, and oil prices began to stabilize; in mid-June, inflation figures for the United States in May were lower than expected, causing the Federal Reserve to cool down in September, while tensions between Israel and Lebanon in the Middle East increased and the geophysical situation worsened. In addition, the market predicted that the demand for finished oil would rise and crude oil would appear in the third quarter.
We believe that oil demand has recovered mildly and that the overall demand is relatively tight, that Brent crude oil prices are expected to remain at $80-90 per barrel for the year, and that the price hub is expected to continue to rise. The Jingping 21-4 oil field is our first ultra-deep well transfer project at sea, with a projected 5,300 barrels of oil equivalent/day peak production in 2025.
Nping 21-4 oil fields are located in the eastern part of the South Sea — about 200 km south-west of Shenzhen, with an average depth of about 89 metres, belonging to a small sandstone edge oil field, with a light daily crude oil production of up to 740 tons, and is expected to produce about 5,300 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2025. The company relies on the Eng Ping-5 unmanned platform, 8 km away, using two ultra-deep migration wells, the largest of which is more than 9,500 metres deep, moving 8689 metres horizontally and not only refreshing.
The deep record of drilling wells at sea in our country also creates a new record of horizontal lengths. The large-scale migration wells technology is characterized by a trajectories that are not vertically down, but that, when they reach a certain depth, they are drilled horizontally into the targeted oil zone in a “rolling” manner, allowing for the accurate and efficient development of long-range, small reserves of oil and gas fields and providing technical support for the development of oil and gas in complex maritime zones.
In the Engping 21-4 field project, the ratio of water to water from super-deep migration wells is as high as 4.43. The successful application of large-scale migration wells is expected to help expand the storage capacity of the marginal oil fields in the east of the South China Sea by more than 50 million tons, providing a strong guarantee for the country’s energy security development.
In the northern Gulf of the South China Sea, where the stony 23-5 oil complex is located at an average depth of about 28 metres, the main production facilities include the construction of two new borehole platforms and the re-engineering of the boulder Land Terminal, which plans to launch 43 development wells, including 28 wells, 15 wells and light crude oil in the nature of oil, with a projected peak production of about 18,100 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2026.
The U.S. 23-5 oil field is the first full-scale green design field in China ' s sea and the first offshore oil field offshore power project in the South China Sea. The U.S. 23-5 oil field complex is being developed for crude oil treatment stations, liquefied gas stations, liquefied petroleum gas stations, production plants, conversion stations, 5g base stations, “six together”, with the installation of water treatment stations at the U.S. stone terminal to achieve zero emissions from the production process and zero pollution from the production of water; and the integration of gas treatment equipment and storage tanks.
The associated natural gas can be effectively converted into liquefied natural gas and LPG products and stored and delivered outside the vehicle, resulting in the efficient use of the dynamic full-stream depth.
Quite a rebound in international oil prices in June, as demand peaked, and as at 28 June, the spot price for wti crude oil was $81.54/bpd, an increase of $4.55/bpb over the end of the month, an increase of 5.9 per cent, Bu. 10,000 bpd/day reduction was extended until the end of 2025, 2.2 million bpd reduction was extended until the end of September 2024 and planned to start in October 2024.
As a result of the gradual increase in production, Brent’s oil prices dropped at a minimum to $76.7/bbl, but then Saudi Arabia and Russia reiterated that the option to suspend or reverse production policies was retained, if necessary, and that oil prices began to stabilize; in mid-June, lower-than-expected United States inflation figures for May caused the Fed to lower interest rates expected in September, while tensions between Israel and Lebanon in the Middle East exacerbated the geographical situation. In addition, the market anticipated a boom in demand for finished oil.
Thus, oil prices are expected to be underpinned by a significant supply and demand gap in the third quarter. We believe that oil demand has recovered mildly, that the overall supply and demand is relatively tight, that Brent crude oil prices are expected to remain at $80-90 per barrel during the year, and that the price hub is expected to continue to move up.
Figure 4: Recent trends in Brent oil prices (US$/barrell) — investment proposals: maintenance of profit forecasts, maintenance of “better than major market” ratings, risk of significant fluctuations in crude oil prices; risk of frequent natural disasters; risks of new projects being under-developed; geopolitical risks; policy risks
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject