China Sea Oil (600938.sh) New breakthroughs in exploration in China and the South China Sea.
Oil petrochemical oil and gas mining and investment rating: superior to the big city (maintenance) on 23rd, the company announced the discovery of a vast well in the northern Gulf basin of the South Sea.
After testing, the well produces nearly millions of cubic metres of natural gas and 210 cubic metres of crude oil, creating the highest record of testing the capacity of gas in the oil fields. This successful drilling of Middle-Earth volcanic rock shows that companies have made important breakthroughs in their understanding of and technology for exploration at the mid-level, as well as demonstrating the potential of our rich energy reserves at the sea level.
2) The rolling exploration of the oil fields in UFO has been tested for a breakthrough in a long-range well, and the rock 16-5 is expected to become a medium-sized oil field: the rock 16-5 is constructed in the North Bay area of the South China Sea, with an average water depth of about 25 metres. An evaluation of the well ws 16-5-4 is completed at a depth of 4185 metres and the oil layer is over 65 metres thick. After testing, the well has an average daily yield of more than 1,000 cubic metres and is expected to become a medium-sized oil field, with a single-scale well breakthrough at the beginning of the rock hole.
Now that the oil fields have discovered more than 100 million cubic metres of geological reserves of crude oil, and as the company's technological innovations continue to break through, pushing for rolling around the oil fields for exploration, the first test of a single well shows the great potential for rolling exploration and exploitation in the mature areas of the northern Gulf. (3) The company attaches great importance to shareholder returns and actively buy back to maintain a reasonable level of market value: on 18 July 2024, the company published a report on 2024.
The announcement of the Action Plan “Short-to-End” states that the company will further promote high-quality corporate development and the value of its investments and enhance the return on investors. On 19 July and 24-26 July, the company accumulated HK$327 million to buy back 16,366,000 shares, US$/barrel, an increase of US$ 2.5 per barrel (+3.2 per cent) over the previous month; and the average terminal price for Brent crude oil was US$84.50 per barrel, an increase over the previous month.
US$ 1.5/bpb (+1.8%). Three quarters is the traditional season of demand for finished oil, with a significant supply and demand gap in crude oil expected to support oil prices in three quarters. As of the week of 19 July, the total stock of crude oil in the United States was 811 million barrels, representing a decrease of 21,996,000 barrels (2.6%) from the previous month.
Temperature recovery, with relatively tight overall supply and demand, is expected to maintain Brent crude oil prices at $80-90 per barrel during the year, and price hubs are expected to continue with a major breakthrough in the technology of mid-level exploration, with the Yongguchi 7-1 oil and gas field producing the highest record of gas-testing capacity of the Songhai oil field 7-1 oil and gas field located in the eastern sea area of the Songhai, at an average depth of about 26 metres.
After testing, the well produces nearly millions of cubic metres of natural gas and 210 cubic metres of crude oil, creating the highest record of experimental production of gas from the sea fields. The successful drilling of this medium-range volcanic rock shows an important breakthrough in the company’s understanding of and technology for exploration at the mid-level, as well as the potential of our rich energy reserves in the sea.
The rolling exploration of the oil fields in the U.S. has led to a test-by-test breakthrough in a single well, where rock 16-5 is expected to become a medium-sized oil field, and where rock 16-5 is constructed as a rock 16-5 in the northern Gulf of the South Sea, with an average water depth of about 25 metres. The evaluation well ws 16-5-4 is completed at a depth of 4185 metres and the oil layer is over 65 metres thick.
Now that the oil fields have discovered more than 100 million cubic metres of geological reserves of crude oil, the company’s technological innovations have continued to break through, pushing for rolling exploration around the oil fields, and the first test of a Kilowell shows the great potential for rolling exploration in a mature area of the northern Gulf. The company attaches great importance to shareholder returns, actively repurchases to maintain a reasonable market value level.
On 18 July 2024, the company issued a bulletin on the action programme “Big Return on Increased Efficiency” for 2024, which will give further impetus to the large-scale movement of United States commercial crude oil into the reservoir, keeping in mind that the demand for crude oil rose by a full season. In July 2024, the average futures settlement price for Wti crude oil was $81.24 per barrel, an increase of $2.5 per barrel (+3.2 per cent) compared to the previous month; Brent used to
The average oil futures settlement price was $84.50 per barrel, an increase of $1.5 per barrel over the previous month (+1.8 per cent). Three quarters was the traditional season of demand for finished oil, with a significant supply and demand gap in crude oil expected to support oil prices in three quarters. As of 19 July, the total stock of crude oil in the United States was 811 million barrels, representing a decrease of 2,1996,000 barrels (-2.6 per cent) from the previous month.
An increase of 22.15 million barrels (+0.6 per cent) over the previous month; a commercial crude oil stock of 436 million barrels, representing a decrease of 24.211 million barrels (~5.3 per cent) over the previous month; and a crude oil stock of 30.956 million barrels in the Kuhin area, representing a decrease of 2.94 million barrels (-8.7 per cent) over the previous month. We believe that oil demand has recovered mildly and that overall supply and demand is relatively tight, and Brent crude oil prices are expected to remain at $80-90 per barrel during the year.
Figure 2: Recent trends in Brent oil prices (US$/barrell) Figure 3: United States crude oil stock (thousands of barrels)
Figure 4: United States commercial crude oil stock (thousands of barrels) — investment proposal: maintenance of profit forecasts, maintenance of “better than the big market” rating, risk of significant fluctuations in crude oil prices; risk of frequent natural disasters; risk of new projects not being produced as expected; geopolitical risk, policy risk
China Sea Oil (600938.sh) - China Sea Oil Exploration in the Western South China Sea found the first ultra-deep water super-light air field in the South China Sea - 2024-06-07 author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.