A year-on-year increase in profits and a sustained high rate of growth in production occurred: on 28 August 2024, China Sea Oil published its semi-annual report for 2024. Shanghai Sea Oil (600938.sh) 2024
Six months later, the company achieved business income of 22,67.7 billion yuan, or +18.07 per cent; net profit on maternity 79,731 million yuan, or +25.05 per cent; net profit on non-repatriation of 79,197 million yuan, or higher oil prices in comparison with oil prices on the same scale: 202,402, international oil prices in geopolitics
The risk management and oec reduction supported the maintenance of high-level shocks, with Brent crude oil at an average price of $85.03 per barrel, + $7.30 per barrel (+9 per cent) and the ring at $3.27 per barrel (+4 per cent). We pushed the average discount of $3.16 per barrel, which was essentially flat compared to $4.74 per barrel during the same period last year.
Prices continue to narrow, achieving a flat gas price of $7.89/km2. In the second half of the year ahead, we think that Oec+4 Lee will either withdraw from production reduction or put pressure on the crude oil supply, but the price of oil as a whole will remain high and the company’s barrel oil profitability will remain significant.
Oil and gas production maintained a high rate of growth: 2024h1, the company produced 362.6 million barrels equivalent, 9 per cent, ring ratio + 1 per cent, thanks to the company ' s new projects on the one hand, and the company ' s oil production in the oil fields, 142.7 million barrels (78 per cent), year + 8 per cent, ring + 1 per cent, mainly from Penang, on the other hand.
Contributions from projects such as 19-6; natural gas production of 231.5 billion cubic feet (22 per cent of the ratio), compared to +11 per cent, ring ratio + 1 per cent, mainly as a result of the contribution of 34-1 and on-shore natural gas production. Subregion 124.5 million barrels, overseas production of +11 to 58 million barrels, mainly from Guyana.
In the second half of the year, the company's oil and gas production is expected to increase with the launch of new projects such as the Deep Sea I phase II gas development project and the 1 1/4-1 secondary oil field development project.
Large-scale exploration found to be the resource base for increased storage: in the first half of 2024, in the waters of China, public cindasecuritiesco., Ltd \triangleright
The Division was successful in discovering the first super-deep water, which is 36-1 of the hundreds of billions of squares of atmospheric mausoleum water, marking the beginning of the process in the South China Sea.
Two billion-ton oilfields in Pingnan; a successful evaluation of 8 to 3 tons in Pingnam, with the highest ever ever recorded daily production in Chinese waters. Overseas, Guyana's stabroek block has found freshbluefin.
Further increase in the size of the south-east storage of blocks; the successful signing of oil exploration and production concessions for five blocks in Mozambique, which further expand the potential for overseas exploration, the cost of barrel oil remains on the decline: 2024h1, the company ' s main cost of barrel oil is $27.75 (ibid.).
\triangleright vs. $ 0.42), we calculated that the main cost of 202,402 barrels of oil was $27.91 (same-0.21, ring + $ 0.32), and that the cost of barrel oil could be partially offset by the United States dollar.
The impact of the exchange rate rises. A significant decrease in the cost of barrel oil operations (h1-$0.35, q2-$0.61, ring-$0.20) is likely, in our view, to benefit from improvements in the efficiency of company construction and development. In addition, barrel oil depreciation is amortized, discarded and sold and managed.
Costs, etc. are on a downward trend. \triangleright \triangleright
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we forecast net return profits for the company in 2024-2026 to be 8.91, 8.36 and 7.83 times respectively for the \triangleright shares and h for the round.
Pe 5.86, 5.49, and 5.15 times more, respectively. Given that the company benefits from high crude oil prices and production growth, it is expected that the company will continue to perform well in 2024-2026, that there is still room for restoration of the h-value valuation, and that we maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company's a-and-h shares.
Risk factors: economic volatility and downside risk of oil prices; failure of companies to increase production at the rate expected; economic sanctions and geopolitical risks.Ko Wing Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager, Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, China Geology and Mineral Economics Society
Member of the Board of Experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices and former Deputy Director of the Advisory Division of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired) for more than a decade, engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and conducted research and research on the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey Development, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice on hundreds of topics, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
Liu Hongqing, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Scientific Society for the Environment of China ' s Scientific Society ' s Scientific Society ' s Scientific and Technical Committee on Carbon Sino-Carbon. He was an expert and assistant director of China ' s Institute of petrochemical Economics and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China ' s Energy Outlook 2060 book;
In March 2023, they joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the field of large energy and is responsible for research in the petrochemical sector.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical sector. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in petrochemicals.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.