The first half of the year was the best performance in the same period in history, with a steady cash flow - China Sea Oil (600938.sh) incident evaluation report. China Sea Oil issued a semi-annual performance report: Gross operating income in the first half of 2024.
The company achieved revenue from oil and gas sales of $18.110 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 22 per cent in the same year, and net oil and gas production of the company amounted to 36.2.6 million barrels equivalent, an increase of 9.3 per cent in the same year.
In the second quarter, 182.5 million barrels of oil and gas were achieved, an increase of 8.70 per cent over the same period. The average price of Brent crude oil for the second quarter was $85.03 per barrel, an increase of 9.39 per cent over the same quarter and a 4 per cent increase in the ring.
The company ' s first half-year volume rose to its best performance during the same period. Capital expenditure increased, and the company ' s cash flow remained healthy on a continuous basis.
In the first half of the year, the company increased cash inflows for oil and gas sales as a result of rising international oil prices, resulting in an increase in net operating cash flows of between 19 per cent and $118.85 billion on a year-on-year basis; in the first half of the year, the company responded positively to capital expenditures of $63.1 billion for “uploading”, an increase in the same amount.
11.7 per cent, combined with increases in cash outflows resulting from the purchase of fixed-term deposits, when the net cash flow from financing activities was 30.3 billion yuan, an increase of 39.1 per cent over the same period, owing to an increase in the repayment of bonds on a year-on-year basis.
High production, 2024q1 performance, high levels of innovation, long-term growth of efficiency gains, sustained corporate push to “restore up production” and multiple major findings in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, more than a billion tons of oil and gas fields were discovered, and the company's reserves were solidified. In China's waters, seven billion tons of oil were found, in the form of 26-6 and 9-1 tons of puny oil.
Fields, promoting successful appraisals in 8-3-Sun, have been successful in discovering the first super-deep water super-lighting 36-1 billions of layers of atmospheric mausoleum water, marking the start of the trillion-dollar atmosphere in the South China Sea. Overseas, Guyana's Stabroek sector has gained hundreds of tons of new discoveries.
bluefin; the successful signing of oil exploration and production concessions for five blocks in Mozambique further expanded the potential for overseas exploration; the company valued shareholder returns and the Board of Directors decided to release each share of the mid-2024 dividends.
Downward risks in the economy; risk of high volatility in product prices; under-construction of projects; risk of limited start-up of environmental policies; windfall demand below expectations; corporate profitability projections (millions of dollars)
The Chemical Group introduced Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industry, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of experience in research by sellers, ten years of experience in buyer research, good at judging industries and companies through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition.
I did not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.