\triangleright increased by 25.0% over the same period; net profit from non-repatriation of $7.920 billion was realized, an increase of 27.1% over the same year; net profit from repatriation of 24q2 increased by the same round. 24q2, the company ' s operating income was $115.3 billion, the same year.
\triangleright's resource base is getting stronger, and 24q2 production continues to grow high. 24h1, the company continues to push for more production. In China's waters, the first super-deep water was successfully discovered in the hundreds of billions of atmosphere fields.
Two billion tons of oil fields have been discovered in the eastern part of the South China Sea, on the island of Qin and in the south of Kaiping, respectively; overseas, the Guyana stabroek block has obtained new discoveries to expand the south-east of the block; and a concession has been successfully signed for oil exploration and production of five blocks in Musambik.
Oil equivalents grew by 9.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis; of this, domestic production grew by 7.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis and foreign production grew by 14.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis; 24q2 company output continued at a high rate of 24q1 with net oil and gas production reaching 182.5 million barrels in a single quarter, an increase of 8.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis and an increase of 1.3 per cent on a ring-by-year basis; and in the subregion, domestic production of 24q2 was achieved.
The same ring rises by 7.9 per cent to 1.1 per cent and the production of natural gas by 231.3 billion cubic feet, the same ring growth, Wang San, the price of crude oil by the same year, the price of natural gas by the same year, and the cost side increases the efficiency gains.
The company achieved an average price of $80.32 per barrel for oil fluids, an increase of 9.2 per cent over the same period; the research assistant, Lujiaki, achieved an average cost of US$/km3 and expected increase in the gas price ring. At the same time, the company’s cost side increased the drop.
In effect, the main cost of barrel oil for 24h1 was $27.75 per barrel, a decrease of $0.42 per barrel for the same year, a decrease of 1.49 per cent; of this, the cost of barrel oil operations, depreciation amortization of barrel oil and the administrative cost of barrel oil sales decreased by an agility of 0.35, 0.20, 0.15 per barrel for the same year, in addition to the extra-tax on barrel oil and the same amount as the tax on barrel oil.
Recommendations for investment: high storage space, high cost control capacity, both growth and high-scoring, two billion tons of energy giants were found to be growing at a steady pace of 20-20.
And with the incorporation of company value realization and market value management by the National Investment Commission into the company performance appraisal system and the appraisal of the head of the company, the undervalued valuation is expected to bring about a rational return. We expect the company 2024-4. China Sea Oil (600938.sh) incident to take stock: production.
The re-engineering of the value of the United States of America has contributed to the improvement of the value of the United States dollar by 20 years: 23 q3 performance loops, capital expenditure enhancements, methodological and analytical logic leading to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.