China Sea Oil (600938.sh)/China Sea 20 September 2024 Oil (0883.hk): Net profit and yield
China’s sea oils are new in history, cash flows are still healthy, and Hong Kong’s investment holding companies are trading.
The exploration and production division is engaged in incident 2: the company issued an announcement on the distribution of dividends in the middle of 2024, to be distributed to all shareholders in the medium term.
Crude oil, natural gas and other products are explored, developed and produced, with dividends of HK$0.74 (including taxes) per share, and trade branches are engaged in crude oil, natural gas, etc.
Against the background of the central maintenance of oil prices, the net return profit of 24h1 achieved strong growth, with the Division operating mainly in the markets of China, Canada, the United Kingdom, Nigeria, Indonesia and Brazil for the same period of time.
2024h1. In response to geopolitical tensions in the Middle East region, supply-side reductions.opec+ to crude oil supply, demand for crude oil has gradually increased as the domestic economy has been slowly repaired. The tar and gas industry has continued to increase production, the lifting efficiency, the increase in oil and gas sales and the rise in international oil prices.
The combined effect is that, after the historical high of 2024q1 net profit returns to the market, 2024q2 broke again and cash flows increased significantly and remained healthy. The company increased cash inflows for oil and gas sales in the first half of the year as a result of rising international oil prices, increasing net operating cash flows by 19% to 1185 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis; and added up.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 56.8 per cent over the same period, while the net outflow of cash flows from financing activities was 30.3 billion yuan over the same period, an increase of 39.1 per cent over the same period, as a result of which the Division maintained a prudent financial policy of 33.0 per cent of assets and liabilities as at the end of June 24, a decrease in the same year.
The production of oil and gas continued to grow at a high rate, with 2024h1 net oil and gas production again rising at an all-time high. In 2024, net production amounted to 362.6 million barrels of oil equivalent, representing an increase of 9.3 per cent over the same period. Regionally, China ' s net production of oil and gas was 247.6 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 7.1 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the profits of 6-1 and 19-6 cents in semen.
Oil and gas field production contribution. Overseas net oil and gas production rose by 14.2 per cent of the equivalent of 114.9 million barrels of oil, mainly due to production from the Guyana Pavara project. For example, oil and gas production by companies was 78.2 per cent and 21.8 per cent, respectively. Oil and liquid production increased by 8.8 per cent, mainly by 8.8 per cent.
The production of natural gas increased by 10.8 per cent from the previous year, mainly due to the contribution of thong 34-1 and onshore natural gas production.
The company increased its capital spending and continued to push for “up-to-up” production, which is expected to grow. In the first half of the year, it responded positively to 63.1 billion yuan in “up-to-up” capital spending, an increase of 11.7 per cent over the same period.
6-7. Overseas, Guyana ' s Stabroek block accelerated its mid-level exploration, finding a further 100 million tons of new Eastern financial and intellectual resources. Bluefin was successfully signed under a concession for oil exploration and production in five of Mozambique ' s blocks.
Looking forward to 2024, the global economy is expected to remain weak, China’s long-term economic trend is unchanged, and the company will insist on increasing its oil and gas reserves, with several new projects successfully coming into operation, including China’s Middle 19-2 oil field development project, Deep Sea I phase II project, and Hyeju 26-6 oil field.
The company continues to maintain high dividends, with high returns on shareholder investment. The board has decided to release a 2024 mid-term equity forecast and investment rating: we look forward to a strong future stock space in the middle of oil prices.
High cost-control capacity and performance stability, with higher than anticipated production, company risks; (3) exchange rate fluctuations and foreign exchange control risks; (4) forward-looking judgment of hydrocarbon prices and actual emergence of sources of Eastern financial wisdom
China Sea Oil (600938.sh): The net profits and yields are high, the cash flow is healthy and the growth is high enough to be expected.
Movinium coupons, covering mainly research in the fields of energy extraction and transformation, carbon neutrality, and so forth.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
China Sea Oil (600938.sh): Net profits and yields are at an all-time high, cash flows continue to be healthy, high growth rates are expected, and there is no guarantee that the information and advice contained in the report will not change. We have tried to report objective and fair information, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.