China Sea Oil (600938.sh) has made new progress in exploration and exploitation, actively repurchase and value shareholders' interests
Investment rating: superior to (maintained) the main city. According to China Sea Oil Officer Network, on 4 September 2024, the company announced the commissioning of the Ush 17-2 oil complex development project, and on 10 September 2024, the company announced a further major breakthrough in the exploration of ultra-deep water gas.
1) Production of the Stone 17-2 oil complex development project, with production expected to reach 9,900 barrels of oil equivalents per day in 2026: The Stone 17-2 field development project is located in the northern Gulf, at an average depth of about 28 metres, and the main production facilities include the construction of a new borehole platform and a gas treatment terminal. The peak yield of barrel oil equivalents is planned, and the oil product is light crude oil. The company has an interest in the project and acts as an operator.
2) The discovery of high-yielding natural gas wells in the area of ultra-deep-water carbonate rock in the 4-1 tectonic area of the Pearl River basin marked the first major breakthrough in exploration in the area of hyper-deep-water carbonate rock: the D.J. was able to drill a gas well in the area of the 4-1 tectonic-deep-deep-deep-water area of the Pearl River Basin, testing the open flow of Japanese-produced natural gas, 430,000 cubic metres, marking the first major breakthrough in exploration in the area of super-deep-water carbonate rock in China.
The dent, about 300 kilometres south-east of Shenzhen, close to 1640 metres deep in water, 3,000 metres deep in depth, and nearly 4,400 metres deep in drilling wells, reveals extensive exploration prospects in the area of spherical ash rock in China’s super-deep waters. The discovery is closer to Xing Wan’s 3-1 development facility, where future facilities can be shared, and is important for economically efficient release of deep-water natural gas production in the Pearl River Basin.
3) The price of oil has been slashed repeatedly by macroeconomic and geo-geographic conflicts, the OPC+ has extended the period of voluntary cutbacks, and oil prices are expected to stabilize: since August, at the end of November, countries such as Russia, Iraq and Kazakhstan are expected to implement compensatory cutbacks for the remainder of the year; the US strategic oil reserves have entered the replenishment phase, and shale oil capital spending has been insufficient and yields have been limited. As the interest-rate cycle begins, oil demand is expected to recover mildly.
4) The company’s future share of natural gas has increased significantly, and its performance has increased significantly: in August 2024, the company announced that it had more than 100 billion cubic metres of gas reserves in the mausoleum 36-1 gas field, the world’s first super-deep water super-light large gas field. To this end, the company has accumulated more than 1 trillion cubic metres of gas geological reserves in the three basins of the North China Sea, South-East June, and the Pearl River mouth, leading to the early construction of the “Billion-Sek Atmospheric Area” in the South China Sea.
The company’s development program, which will build a trillion-dollar atmospheric zone on land in Odong in 2028 or so, and a trillion-dollar atmospheric zone on land in 2030, will bring about a 21.8% oil and gas equivalent as a result of the contribution of 34-1 and the production of natural gas on land. With the construction of three trillion atmospheric zones in the future, the company’s share of natural gas is expected to increase steadily, and its performance is expected to increase significantly.
The launch of the Proclamation on the Action Plan “A Heavy Return on Increased Efficiency” for 2024 will give further impetus to the high-quality development and investment value of the company. The launch of the Stead 17-2 oil complex development project is expected to yield 9,900 barrels of oil equivalent/day gas treatment terminals in 2026. Forty-three development wells are planned, of which 28 are planned for oil extraction, 14 are wells for infused and 1 is expected to be evaluated.
In 2026, a peak production of about 9,900 barrels of oil equivalent per day will be achieved, with light crude oil in its nature. The company has 80 per cent interest in the project, and the construction of 4-1 per cent of the super-deep water area has led to the drilling of high-yielding gas wells, marking the first major breakthrough in exploration in the area of ultra-deep water carbonate rock.
The well, which is located in the largest area of rich hydrocarbons in the Pearl River mouth basin, is about 300 kilometres south-east of Shenzhen and is about 1640 metres deep. The well is about 3,000 metres deep, nearly 4,400 metres deep, and is about 650 metres deep in the atmosphere. The well reveals the vast exploration prospects in the area of pelvis ash rock in China's super-deep waters, which is a powerful boost to white cloud gas.
The discovery, which is closer to the development facility at Syon Bay 3-1, will be shared, and will be important for the economy’s efficient release of deep-water natural-gas production in the Pearl Riverguchi basin. Oil prices will be sawed repeatedly by macroeconomic and geo-geographic conflicts, and oil prices will be expected to stabilize when they are reduced voluntarily.
Since August, international oil prices have shown a downward trend in broad-banded shocks. We believe that supply endopc+ extends the voluntary cut-off target of 2.2 million barrels per day for two months to the end of November 2024, while countries such as Russia, Iraq and Kazakhstan are expected to implement compensatory cuts for the remainder of the year;
In August 2024, the company announced that it had over 100 billion cubic metres of gas reserves in the mausoleum 36-1 gas field, the world’s first super-deep water super-light gas field. To this end, the company accumulated more than 1 trillion geological reserves of gas in the three basins of the North South China Sea, South-East June, and the Pearl River.
In accordance with the company's development plan, the company will build a trillion-dollar atmosphere zone on land in Odong in 2028, and a trillion-dollar atmosphere zone on land in 2030. In the first half of 2024, the company produced 461 billion cubic feet of natural gas, an increase of 10.8% compared to the same period (a 9.3% increase in net oil and gas production).
In July 2024, the company issued a bulletin on the 2024 programme of action for “higher efficiency returns”, which will give further impetus to the company's investment proposals: maintaining profit forecasts and maintaining “better than the big market” ratings; the risk of large fluctuations in crude oil prices; the risk of frequent natural disasters; the risk of new projects not being operational as expected; geopolitical risks; and policy risks.
China Sea Oil (600938.sh) - Re-innovation of net oil and gas production, 25.1 per cent increase in the first half of the year in net profit from the same year - the author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and the conclusion is not subject to any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.