This plan is successfully completed by approving the application for registration for the planned increase in production. The proposed increase does not exceed 1.63 billion yuan in net international fund-raising for a specific target.
Expanding the production capacity of high-speed light modules and increasing the market share of high-end high-light modules by enabling companies this time, the plan is to use $1.35 billion to invest in high-speed light production line projects, upgrade existing products and expand production capacity. The high-speed light module product in the company is growing rapidly, with 25 gbidisfp28, reprinting for the telecommunications market.
lr/er, 400gqsfp-dd and osfpdr4/fr4 medium- and high-speed module products were released in November 2020 and 400gosfp-dddr4 silicon-light modules were distributed to control emerging technology trends at all times. The project ' s overall construction period is expected to be 24 months, with an expected additional 2.85 million high-speed light modules with annual capacity, including 1.7 million 5g.
With an efficient supply chain management capacity, companies have achieved a 100% rate of production and sales to domestic and foreign markets, and high-quality customer resources provide reliable guarantees for the company’s future development and the digestion of production capacity.
The light module industry, from placing orders to delivering receiving and inspection and quality assurance, has a long repayment cycle and has some cash flow pressure on the light module company. After this round of fund-raising, about $300 million has been used to supplement cash flow, which is expected to guarantee the company's continued growth.
The deployment of the 5g network size and the new and upgraded data centres will continue to boost the high profile of the light module industry. By taking advantage of research and development advantages, diversified market layouts and advanced supply chain management capabilities, the company is a leader in the field of light modules and looks forward to long-term development in the future.
Each 20 years, pe51x, the company, as the leader of the industry, is entitled to a certain valuation premium and maintains a “recommended” rating.
5g+Clouds-driven, light module market continues to be positive The overseas epidemic is more than anticipated: additional fund-raising projects are less advanced than expected: increased competition in the industry.
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, served in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Co. Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from Shanghai High School of Finance from Shanghai Transport University, Fu Yin Fei, Chief of Communication, Master of Arts from Shanghai Transport University, 12 years of Deep Farm Communication, Jue Hua Technology Ltd., Wireless Communications
Research and development engineers, sales manager for wireless solutions, senior extension manager for cloud computing solutions, author of the 2020 Convergence Democratic Securities, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting practice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality and not being influenced by any third party.