Waldensecurities International-a Unit Study 27 October 2023
With few N-type advanced production capabilities in the industry, the integrated layout of the industrial chain continues to improve - the investment value analysis report for large-scale energy (688303.sh) and the global high-purity multi-crystal silicon taps, which have sufficient capacity and are expected to further increase their market share
As the first solar-voltaic pure silicon manufacturing enterprise in our country, the company has been strongly recommended since its inception (for the first time) to focus on research and development, production and marketing of high-purity multi-crystal silicon, and to contribute to the development of the global clean energy industry.
With high-quality products and services, companies have established long-term and stable partnerships with many of the leading enterprises in the downstream photovoltaic industry. Companies are now well-developed, adding to the downswing of silicon prices since the second half of this year, and the continued release of additional high-quality production capacity, and future firm performance will gradually be restored to greater certainty.
• Short-term high-quality energy releases are not as high as expected, and silicon prices are expected to continue in the second half of the year.
But we believe that since the beginning of the year it has been difficult for new entrants to meet downstream requirements in the short term, as well as the overall quality stability of the product at the stage of the energy climber phase, it has been difficult to achieve the new output quality of the industry.
At the same time, the build-up of downstream firms has continued to increase, cpia has increased its projections of the size of the new photovoltaics in 2023, and silicon demand is expected to grow beyond expectations. Since July 2023, silicon prices have begun to return to the upper route, which we believe is above.
The trend towards repair is expected to continue in the second half of this year. • Long-term N-type advanced capacity or structural mismatches are expected to fully benefit head-line enterprises. Global N-cell capacity is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in 2022-2026, with capr projected to outpace.
60% is expected to contribute to the rapid rise of the upstream n silicone market. The N multi-crystal silicon technology indicator is generally required to meet the national standard of e-class III and above, and only a few companies in the country currently have large-scale n silicone production capacity.
The technical processes of the secret material are more difficult, the head leading business barriers are higher, the N-silicon advanced production capacity is structured or will continue over a longer period of time, and head enterprises with large-scale n-product capacity are expected to benefit fully from this round of structural mismatching cycles.
The company has been active as early as 2020 in the production of the N-silicon material, which has now been supplied in bulk and validated by mainstream downstream customers and has been scaled up for a small number of holdings in the industry.
N-silicon production companies. Recapitulating history, companies have experienced a complete and long cycle of low prices for silicon, but with low-cost advanced capacity and healthy asset-liability management, firms have achieved a rapid increase in market share in the retreat of productive capacity and have fully enjoyed the quality of industry development since then.
Dividends. Looking ahead, in a context where companies continue to maintain a low-cost, high-quality advanced productive advantage in the industry and have sufficient cash reserves, we look forward to a more flexible response to this silicon price adjustment, a smooth transition through the cycle and a further increase in the firm’s core competitiveness.
1. The world ' s high-purity multi-crystal silicon taps, with a strong first-tier industry, Xinjiang All-New Energy Co. Ltd. (6883.sh) was founded in 2011 to create the country ' s first solar-powered light-voltage pure multi-crysilica-manufactured silicon-manufacturing enterprise and the current global multi-crystal silicon industry head business.
Low-carbon, circular development is a business concept that focuses on the development, production, and marketing of high-purity multi-crystal silicon, and is dedicated to the development of a global clean energy industry. The company’s multi-crysilica products are mainly used in the manufacture of photo-volatile silicon tablets, which are critical raw materials for solar cells, and with high-quality products and services, the company has been working with Lungi Green Energy, Crystal Australian Technology, Skyny Light Energy, tcl Central Ring, Upper Power Number Control, US Science, High View Sun.
In the early years of its existence, the company successfully achieved a closed-ring operation with high-purity multi-crystal silicon by introducing advanced equipment and production processes in the industry. Since then, the company has built and continued to innovate in technological processes through multiple high-quality production projects, with multi-crystal silicon capacity size and output.
In 2022, the company’s Inner Mongolia project was officially launched, with further expansion of the geographical distribution of the company’s productive capacity: while in Inner Mongolia’s project it also included upstream high-purity industrial silicon and semiconductor-grade multi-crysilica production, with the company’s industrial chain horizontal and vertically integrated strategic layout.
As of the end of July 2023, a 100,000-ton polysilicon project in Inner Mongolia was rapidly reaching production, with the company ' s annual capacity significantly increasing to 205,000 tons; and 2023h1, with a production of 7.92 million tons during the company ' s multisilicon period, representing 12.15 per cent of the country ' s total production of polysilicon, the first production-scale industry was firmly in place.
1.1. Performance crossed growth in a high industry climate; high levels of profitability were maintained during this round of price adjustment; high silicon markets, driven by rapid expansion of market demand, continued with cross-cutting growth in corporate performance.In 2022, corporate operating income reached $30,944 million, an increase of 185.64 per cent; and in 2020-2022, the period was capr
In terms of revenue structure, the company was able to efficiently switch production from multi-crystal silicon to single-crystal silicon silicon, with an annual Māori rate of 74.83 per cent, a significant increase of 41.20 ptc from 2020. With the rapid increase in the value of multi-crysil silicon operations, the scale effect continued to be released, with the company achieving a net return profit of $19.121 billion in 2022, an increase of 234.06 per cent, and
2023h1, with the effective release of the additional capacity of the 100,000-ton high-purity polysilicon project in Inner Mongolia, the company has continued its good business development for sustained upgrading, sufficient stocking and full product production. The impact of the industry’s increased scale and concentration of capacity has put pressure on the multisilicon supply side as a whole; and, with the high return on profits, new competitors have been attracted.
The price of silicon is falling rapidly in the first half of the year, with a strong market wait-and-see mood and an increased game between supply and demand. According to pvinfolink data, the price of multiple crystalline silicon is $64/kg by the end of June 2022, almost 60% lower than at the beginning of 2022.
The Division ' s performance, despite short-term pressure, is now sufficiently long to add to the recovery of silicon prices since the second half of the year, and the continued release of new high-quality production capacity, and the certainty that future corporate performance will be gradually restored is being enhanced.
An ideal level of corporate financial management, efficient operation of fixed assets, and the company ' s interest in the efficiency of the use of the funds and its ability to negotiate in the industrial chain, its operations are settled mainly by cash or bank instruments. During the last three years and one year, the company had no accounts receivable at the end of each period, and the company ' s accounts receivable
The working days of the accounts were maintained at 0 days and the level of management of the accounts receivable was maintained at a high level; at the same time, the ideal and continuous increase during the period was 21.26 days longer than in 2020. We believe that the main factor was the same decrease in the size of the company ' s revenues exercised at silicon prices, but the company ' s sales rate was 97.07 per cent in the first half of the year, even without deductions for its own use.
In the same period, the turnover of corporate accounts payable amounted to 38.21 days, compared to an annual rate of 127.44 per cent. At the same time, the turnover rate of corporate fixed assets, driven by the constant rise in silicon prices, has risen to 4.06 per cent in 2020. As of the end of June 2023, the company had 100,000 tons of pure crystals in Mongolia.
Silicon's additional capacity has successfully reached rapid completion, and the company's level of efficient fixed asset operations is expected to continue. (Note: 2023h1 data has been annualized, and the following relates to the same treatment of indicators over the same period) 0.71 pc, which is mainly related to the rapid growth in the size of the company's revenues, leading to a reduction in its share; in absolute terms, the company
The value of R & D inputs, at a higher base, continued to grow rapidly, with companies maintaining a good sales rate of less than 0.1 per cent for a period of time and achieving a steady decrease in their spending on R & D costs in 2022, with the advantage of high-quality product-in-business benchmarking and high market recognition.
At the same time, we have selected truncheon shares, cosmopolitan technology and new energy sources that are similar to the business content of the company, and have combined horizontal comparisons with the median figure in the Schenwan II photovoltaics industry. 2023h1, the cost of company sales is 0.04%, which is significantly lower than the median level in the industry.
Over the same period, corporate management costs were 1.91%, which is also better than the median of the industry and the level of the comparable companies over the same period, and corporate cost control was in the lead. During the same period, corporate R&D costs were 0.30%, significantly lower than the industry median level of 3.35%, which we believe is in line with
While the company is upstream of the photovoltaic industry chain and is closer to the end product sector in the centre and downstream, the need for more R & D inputs is greater; the company R & D rates are slightly lower than those of comparable companies than Tungwee shares and new energy sources, while JTs are less fully mature because of the use of silica flow bed technology routes, and therefore their R & D inputs are relatively greater.
1.2.3. Corporate profitability has increased significantly in recent years, and the silicon industry remains a more profitable link in the industrial chain: 2023h1, with a Māori sales rate of 57.67 per cent, mainly influenced by a sharp drop in silicon prices, which is 17.16 pt compared to the level of the previous year; but based on the trend of the last three-year period, there is a continuous release of high-quality productive capacity through scalding and low-cost production.
In the first half of the year, the overall growth in net cash flows from corporate operations matched the growth in net profits from parent-based activities with a high trend, as well as an indication of good corporate business models and excellent profitability.
In terms of horizontal comparison of the industry, 2023h1, the Māori rate of sales by companies and major comparable companies, the net interest rate on sales and the roe scale are still more profitable in the silicon industry in the light-voltage chain. At the same time, corporate profitability levels are more advanced than those of major comparable companies, with company Māori rates and net interest rates on sales performing significantly better than in the first half of the year.
On the Roe side, we believe that, on the one hand, there is a certain dilution effect on the company as a result of the targeted growth in 2022, while the Convergence shares have adopted a high-leveraging model, while the ratio of interest-bearing liabilities during the company period is very low, making the company ' s Roe lower than its shares; and that the Roe level is closer to that of the rest of the comparable companies.
2. High barriers to the entry of technical capital into the silicon industry, with only a few enterprises currently having advanced production capacity of the n type 2.1. High-purity multi-crystal silicon technology standards, improving the status of the mainstream Siemens technology route, which is a form of single silicon, based on industrial silicon, purified through a series of physico-chemical reactions
Non-metal material. Because of its excellent semiconductor properties and its high melting point, high hardness, low-temperature chemical properties, etc., it is widely used in the photovoltaic industry as an important raw material in the upper part of the industrial chain, and is prepared as silicon when melted or chipped for use in photovoltaic cells; and multi-crystal silicon is also a semiconductor.
Important building blocks of the industry, mainly for the preparation of semiconductor silicon tablets. Figure 10: Polycrystal silicon production is in the upper chain of the photovoltile industrial chain, which can be divided into silicon polycone at the metal level (mg-si) and silicon at the solar level according to the purity of the product and the field of application
(sog-si) and electronic-grade polycrystal silicon (eg-si). Of these, silicon polycone at the metallurgical level, also known as coarse silicone, has the lowest purity, with a general purity of 95-99%; silicone at the electronic level is used mainly for semiconductor silicone production, and its purity is highest, generally at over 99,9999999%, i.e., level 9n; solar-scale polycrysilica is used mainly for photovoltaic silicon.
Batteries are made with purity requirements between metallurgical and electron polycrystal silicon, generally at over 99.9999%, i.e. at levels 6n or higher. Solar-grade polycrystal silicon is very demanding for non-metal elements such as phosphorus, bauxite, and all types of metal impurities. In the national standards updated in 2017 by the National Committee for Standardization Management, for solar-level polycrysilica-related impurities are present.
There are currently two main technical routes for improving the Siemens method and the Silane Fluid Bed Method, based on the multi-crystal silicon production process route. Among these, improvements in the Siemens method have been targeted through a combination of low conversion rates to the original Siemens method and by-product emissions.
It has become the dominant route for global multi-crystal silicon production today. According to the cpia data, in 2022, the country ' s improved Siemens-like silicon market held as high as 92.5%.
The silicone flow bed approach has the advantages of lower energy consumption, shorter process processes, lower cost of productive investment, but due to the suspension of silicon particles in the preparation process, it is vulnerable to key questions such as hydrogen jumps and hanging ash.
The effect of the problem is that production efficiency and quality stability are difficult to ensure, and the low quality of good products makes international production costs significantly higher than their theoretical production costs. Thus, more particles of silicon are currently produced by the silicone flow bed method as low-cost supplements.
In our view, in terms of current technological developments, the silicone drift bed approach, which has been in existence since the 1960’s, has, after many years of development, still to be addressed as its main technical key issues. The improved Siemens process is matured by a number of iterative optimizations.
The market position for improving the mainstream technology route of Siemens is expected to remain strong. 2.2. The multi-crysil silicon sector has high entry barriers, and the market share is expected to be further concentrated towards the head.
As our silicon industry continues to break through with industrial policy support, and thanks to lower raw materials, energy consumption, human costs and the advantages of perfecting the industrial chain, our indigenous silicon enterprises have gradually established an absolute leadership in global market competition. According to cpia data, our multi-crystal silicon production capacity was 1,166,000 tons in 2022, all of it.
The world’s production capacity is 87.0%; multi-crystal silicon production is 857,000 tons, compared to 85.6% worldwide, and our multi-crystal silicon capacity and production have remained the world’s top global leader for 12 consecutive years. In terms of the pattern of competition among our firms, there are relatively few market participants due to the high barriers to entry in the industry, and the industry is relatively small.
The overall head effect is significant. According to cpia data, in 2022, there were 14 multi-crystal silicon-producing enterprises in the country, of which the top five, most crystalline silicon suppliers, condensed technology, new energy sources, large-scale energy sources and the Asian silicon industry accounted for 23.4 per cent, 21 per cent, 17.2 per cent, 9.0 per cent, 7.9 per cent, and cr 58.5 per cent, respectively, of the near domestic market share.
In our view, the high-quality, low-cost advantage of our silicon industry's top business product is evident, and the round has been significantly revised.
2.3. The upward trend in price repair is expected to continue in the second half of the year, as the high-purity quality of the product is strictly required by the photovoltaic downstream link, with new production capacity characterized by highly technical content such as the professionalism of the production equipment, the difficulty of calibration and the complexity of the technical processes, which is the most difficult to expand in the entire photovoltaic chain
At the same time, while the sector’s overall level of specialization and industry standardization have contributed to a significant reduction in the cost of investment in multi-crystal silicon units, its investment in new production units is still the highest of all, so that the silicon sector can create high entry barriers.
In terms of the distribution of profits in the industrial chain, the silicon industry is also often in a better position to play up and down. For example, between 2021 and 2022, the upstream silicon market began to produce output at a high rate of downstream expansion and growing demand.
And in this fast-growing cycle of silicon prices, in response to the rapid growth in downstream market demand, large-scale silicon firms have started to expand their production on a large scale, while at the same time there are a large number of new market competitors attracted by high profit-return space in the industry.
According to the Silicon branch, the projected additional silicon production capacity in 2023 is estimated to be about 1.2 million tons, a doubling of 2022. In the first half of 2023, there was a rapid fall in silicon prices as the expected excess supply of silicon production capacity in the industry continued to increase, and demand-side games increased.
In contrast to market expectations, the main reasons are, on the one hand, the high technical barriers in the industry, the large number of new entrants in the short term or the difficulty of raising the quality of silicon downstream to the high level of demand, which has gradually moved towards the electronic level, and the uncertainty as to when future capacity to meet the requirements will be released; on the other hand, the projected new nominal capacity this year, although large, is less than half new.
In the second half of the year, increased capacity is expected to release products with relatively low overall quality stability at the pre-natal climb stage. At the same time, benefiting from a significant adjustment in the price of silicon in the first half of this year, various links in the downstream industrial chain, such as silicon chips, components, terminals, etc.
In the second half of the year, a number of downstream firms, such as Trina and Crystal Energy, have increased their market size expectations for the next two years; in addition, cpia has also increased its projections of the size of the new light-voltage units in the global and Chinese markets in 2023, in which we believe that the price of silicon materials is low, the production capacity is better supported and the chain of downstream industries expands.
On 18th of the month, the price of silicon-tight spot prices was $87/kg, compared to 35.94% at the bottom of the market in June 20223. We believe that the actual release of additional high-quality production capacity is not a common driver of market expectations, and demand-side growth continues to outpace expectations.
The upward trend in silicon prices is expected to continue in the second half of this year. 2.3. The long-term N-silicon advanced production capacity is expected to remain relatively short, with industry or structural production mismatches, and as the p-type battery approaches the theoretical limit conversion efficiency, the photovoltaic industry is undergoing a technological shift with a higher theory.
The main difference between the two types of batteries is the use of multiple crystalline silicon raw material types and the different battery preparation techniques, with p multicrylic silicon mixing the main impurities in silicon (iii elements, e.g., boulium, aluminium, thorium, etc.) and the use of cave-guiding power: n polycrystal silicon mixing the main impurities in silicon (v elements).
For example, phosphorus, arsenic, antimony, etc., which is dominated by electroconductor power. Since the second half of 2022, totcon and heterogeneous cells have been built down by major enterprises in the downstream battery chain, with a higher conversion efficiency and a high double-face rate, a low temperature factor, a low light failure and a good light-impaired effect.
By 2030, the average conversion efficiency of batteries is expected to exceed 26% by cpia, significantly higher than the average conversion efficiency of cells at p. The size of the complex is expected to increase at a high rate as the associated mass chemical capacity continues to be released this year. According to Trendforce, the global output of batteries at n is expected to be staggered by 2026.
Breaking 600gw, the cagr for the period 2022-2026 is expected to be as high as 61.87 per cent; the N battery is expected to outperform the solar-grade technical indicator of polysilicon, which is more stringent than the p-type polysilicon quality, and which, as a general rule, needs to meet the standard of the national standard, e-level 3 or higher, with a significant increase in product purity and surface metals impurities.
Because of the difficulty of preparing the technology, only a handful of companies, such as large-scale energy, Tungwee shares, and super-electrics, currently have large-scale N-silicon production capacity. In July 2023, with the gradual release of new production capacity for N-cell batteries, the price of N-silicon was the first to kick-start a rebound.
According to the Silicon branch, on 18 October 2023, the price difference between the p-silicon polycrystals began to increase gradually, with a significant increase of $N/t per week as compared to the $N0.93 million/t per week at the end of May of this year. We believe that the technological process of improving the production of N-type secret materials in its large reduction furnaces under the Siemens sub-technical route is currently more difficult.
In the case of higher barriers to front-loading enterprises, where late entrants to the industry and enterprises using the silicane flow bed route are or will be unable to achieve effective technological breakthroughs in the short term, the rapid growth in the market size of the supermixn battery is expected to contribute to a sustained increase in demand for products, n silicon-scale advanced production capacity is scarce, the industry ' s structural production capacity is mismatched or will be in the longer term
3.n-type advanced production is expected to help companies move through the cycle, actively building new growth curves in the field of semiconductors 3.1. Companies have significant advantages in low-cost, high-quality, scale-based advanced production
As the first solar-voltaic pure silicon manufacturing enterprise in our country, the company has been focusing on the high-purity polysilica sector, maintaining a sustained lead in the production of technologically sound technologies through the accumulation and sustained high-intensity research and development of technological processes over the years. At the same time, through rigorous product quality control, fine-tuning of production process management, product body, watch gold, etc.
In 2022, more than 99% of the company ' s products were of a pure quality that exceeded the national photovolt level at the national standard level at the electronic level, and more than 90% of the products reached the electronic level at the electronic level, setting good quality poles within the industry.
The introduction and autonomous optimization of a combination of tetrachlorinated silicon utilization techniques and the introduction of residual heat from autonomously developed multi-crystal silicon production devices.
Process, technology indicators are advanced in industry, efficient in reducing product energy consumption, steam plating, high boiler recovery and transformation techniques, and improving the environment.
Use of materials reduced the cost of raw materials. Average consumption decreased to less than 10 kg/kg-si and was in industry with oxygen concentrations ~1.8 x 1015toms/cm3
Absorption-free material above level III for electronics (gb/t1296-2022) Carbon concentration -2.8 x 1015toms/cm3 Primary impurity concentration 0.068ppba
The company, with its leading quality levels in the product industry, has been working with the photovoltaics of Lungi Green Energy, Crystal Australasia, Trina Light Energy, Middle Rings, etc.
In 2022, in a high-profile industry cycle, companies continued to enter into large-scale long-purchase framework contracts with a total of 1.29 million tons of silicon pre-positioned purchases, sufficient to cover the next six years of company productivity, calculated in the current nominal capacity of 205,000 tons.
In terms of cost control, company production also has an in-house cost advantage, based on the optimal geographical layout of production capacity, good scale effects, and mature multi-crysilica production techniques. According to the Begawan Mobil statistics, the raw materials industry has the largest 39% of the cost of silicon products in the country to improve its Siemens technology route, and the electricity costs follow.
As a result, how effectively to reduce silicon consumption, energy consumption, flattened industrial silicon prices, the risk of volatility, and optimized electricity prices are the main means of reducing prices in the industry. The company is now able to produce the raw materials industry, where silicon powder is rich, and where electricity is relatively low, and where the Xinjiang Shishi River and Inner Mongolia covert areas consume the company's raw materials and energy.
At the same time, the company’s current production capacity, which is at the forefront of the industry, is able to achieve good scale-up and continuous technological innovation, and to contribute effectively to a reduction in the intensity of the company’s combined energy consumption. In 2022, the company’s combined energy consumption density was 8.5 tons of standard coal/tonne polysilica, a 15.25% reduction from 2020.
The mass-recovery system project has been able to achieve a further reduction in the concentration of integrated energy consumption to 8.41 tons of standard coal/tons of multi-crystal silicon. With the coming production of two volumes of more than 100,000 tons of silicon in Inner Mongolia and one phase of a high-purity industrial silicon project, the firm’s positive scale effect is expected to be further released, and the upstream industry’s silicon costs and quality are expected to be further optimized, thus promoting competition at the company’s low-cost core of production capacity.
3.2. Inner Mongolia ' s high-quality productive capacity is expected to continue to be released, and the integrated layout of the company ' s industrial chain is being improved. In December 2021, the company signed a framework agreement for cooperation with the People ' s Government of Inner Mongolia, with the intention of building large-scale cities.
Silicon-type production projects, including 300,000 tonnes/year of pure industrial silicon, 200,000 tonnes/year of organic silicon, 200,000 tonnes/year of pure silicon, and 21,000 tonnes/year of semiconductor multisilicon, with a total planned investment of more than 30 billion yuan. In July 2022, the company successfully completed a private targeted increase of 11 billion yuan, of which 8 billion yuan is to be used for the production of 100,000 tons of silicon per year in Inner Mongolia.
Construction of the base materials project. The project, which took only about a year of efficient construction, was successfully launched in March 2023 and quickly climbed to full production; at the same time, several new productive projects of the company are steadily under way, with the second phase of Mongolia producing 100,000 tons annually, with the pure polysilica project expected to reach production rapidly in the coming months.
At the beginning of the design of the first phase of the Inner Mongolia project, the company built on the advanced concept of digital manufacturing and built up the project ' s production base in a comprehensive digital, intelligent way that, while achieving the norms, controls and controls of the entire production operating system, also led to higher levels of automated production and productivity in the public sector, as well as a further reduction in human costs. We believe that because of Inner Mongolia I
In the second half of the year, with the continued increase in real capacity in Mongolia in the second half of the year, 100,000 tons of high-impact capacity is expected to provide a significant increase in corporate revenue and will contribute to further optimization of corporate profitability.
At the same time, the company’s annual production of 150,000 tons of high-purity industrial silicon and 1,000 tons of semiconductor-grade silicon is also expected to be ready for production in the third quarter of this year, and the strategic layout of the company’s industrial chain for vertical and horizontal integration will be further refined. The extension of industrial silicon operations to raw materials upstream of the industrial chain will enable companies to effectively reduce the cost of producing raw materials and improve the competitiveness of their products; at the same time, it can also be mentioned.
The stability of the supply of high raw materials reduces the risk of price fluctuations and shortages, effectively improves the quality of raw materials and further strengthens the competitiveness of the integrated market for silicone operations. In the semiconductor multi-crysilica, the layout of the company’s high-end silicon products industry is broadened, further optimizes the company’s industrial structure and contributes to the company’s future healthy and sustainable development.
3.3. With few N-sized advanced production capabilities in the industry, it is expected to benefit fully from this round of structural production mismatches, and the company has been active as early as 2020 with regard to N-silicon advanced production capabilities. By undertaking major research projects and ongoing technological research and development in the N-silicon field, the company is already engaged in the N-silicon field.
At present, 100% production of n silicon is achieved by adding a new production line to Mongolia, while production of n silicon is expected to be 60-70% without technological adaptation. At the same time, the company now has a bulk supply of n silicon and has been certified by mainstream downstream customers.
For the few businesses in the industry that have large-scale n-silicon production capacity, the company has experienced a complete downward cycle in the photovoltage industry as a whole, owing to a combination of European-American “double-reverse” policies on photovoltaic products and a fall in national photovoltaic subsidies. But, for example, the industry’s overall demand is weak and silicon prices have been depressed for long periods of time.
With industry leading a low-cost advanced productive advantage and healthy asset-liability management, in the backsliding of a large number of industries that are inefficiently lagging behind in their capacity-building, the reversibility has expanded the production-capability layout and achieved a rapid increase in market share. Since then, in the last round of downstream demand and the rapid rise in the price of silicon, which is wrongly matched to production capacity, companies have emerged as industry leaders who have successfully passed the downward cycle.
Looking ahead, in a situation where companies continue to maintain their industry’s low-cost, high-quality and advanced productive advantage, with sufficient cash reserves and n-silicon first released, we think that companies can be more flexible in coping with this silicon price adjustment.
3.4. Forward-looking layout semiconductor-class multi-crystal silicon operations, active in building new business growth curves Semi-conductor-level multicrystal silicon as a key raw material for the production of semiconductor silicon silicon, typically with a purity above 9 n for process technology
According to the Semi data, the global semiconductor-grade polycrystal silicon market demand was 3.46 million tons in 2020, and the combined production capacity of the United States, Germany, and Japan accounted for 95.66% of total market demand. According to the Chinese Institute of Industry and Commerce, the market for semiconductor materials is expected to reach 102.34 billion yuan in 2023.
The rate of growth is 12.02%, well above the rate of 3.44% for the global market as a whole, and is the fastest growing global market. But, at present, only a few individual firms have a small capacity, our semiconductor-grade silicon demand is mainly dependent on imports, and a stable supply chain without upstream autonomy has become an important “cricket” link that is constraining the development of our integrated circuit industry.
Figure 19: Distribution of global semiconductor-level polycrystal silicon production in 2020
Regional molten polycrystal silicon has high resistance, low oxygen content, and high semiconductor quality properties, mainly applied to sophisticated specialized devices such as power field transistors, power integrated circuits, microelectronic machinery systems, sensors. Currently, high-end silicon silicon silicon-scale production from the inch crystal circle is being made.
The next 20,000 tons of semiconductor-grade multi-crystal silicon production capacity will be initiated on an optional basis, with the company ' s semiconductor-level silicon production capacity expected to be in the world ' s leading position, and the semiconductor ' s new business growth curve will be ready in the future.
As a global high-purity multi-crystal silicon leader, we believe that corporate capacity has a relatively high-quality, low-cost advantage. In this round of price adjustment, industry inefficiencies, high costs, and high-leveraging capacity are expected to accelerate clean-up, and future market shares are expected to be further concentrated towards headlines.
It's high, and now the company's large-scale purchases are sufficient, and future performance is more certain. We're based on the company's main 1 real capacity and sales rate: by the end of June 2023, the company's 100,000-ton high-purity polysilicon production in Mongolia had been successfully and rapidly achieved; and the Inner Mongolia 2-year high-purity polysilicon project is also expected to be fast in the coming months.
Over the years, the company has maintained a consistently high-performance capacity of 100% and an efficient fixed asset operating management ton. In terms of sales rates, considering that the company is now large-scale enough to purchase a long list and that the company has a relatively scarce N-silicon-scale production capacity, we expect that the sales rate of the company ' s products will continue to be high, with each company maintaining a high level of production in 2023-2025.
2 unit sales price: Silicon prices have recently begun to recover, driven by a combination of the actual release of additional high-quality production capacity that does not match market expectations and continued over-expanding demand-side growth, and we believe that the upward recovery trend is expected to continue in the second half of this year. At the same time, company-owned N-silicon-scale advanced production capacity is scarce, with the current price difference between N-silicon and P-type multi-crysilica.
Gradual expansion has begun, and we believe that the structural capacity of the industry is wrong or will continue over a longer period of time, and that the company is expected to rely on an advanced capacity advantage of n silicon to effectively counter the risk of falling prices associated with the expected excess capacity in the future. We expect that, in 2023 - 2025, the prices (including taxes) of the company’s multi-crystal silicon unit sales will be 108.09, 81.90, 85.70/kg per year, respectively.
3 unit cost: In terms of energy consumption, the company has effectively locked the long-term price of electricity through a guaranteed supply agreement with the power provider. At the same time, with the coming production of two million tons of silicon in Mongolia and one 150,000 tons of high-purity industrial silicon in Mongolia, we expect that the company ' s future energy consumption is expected to be further optimized and that the expected growth in demand for silicon in some of the upstream industries can be smoothed.
In 2023-2025, the company ' s multi-crystal silicon unit costs are projected to be 53.70, and (2) by-products: the company ' s by-products are mainly small amounts of powder carbon head, liquid alkali, etc. produced in multi-crystal silicon production, and the scale of its operations is higher than the actual capacity of the company.
Based on the above-mentioned corporate performance projections, we measure the company ' s 2023 counterpart p/e, p/s, and, based on industry-wide comparisons, the company ' s current valuation level is significantly lower than the median figure in the Shinwan II photovoltaic equipment industry.75;
At the same time, the valuation level of the company is less relevant than that of the 6.42 shares listed in a comparison with comparable companies, as collusive technology and new energy sources are listed in Hong Kong. Figure 22: Horizontal comparison of industry of current company p/e (ttm) valuation levels
Based on the projected 2023 median p/e in the Shin Wan second-degree photovoltaic equipment industry, 22.27 is used as the benchmark, taking into account the value of companies as global high-purity silicon taps, high-quality, low-cost yield and rare N-silicon-scale chemical capacity in industry 5.2. Absolute corporate valuation: dcf model valuation analysis
The key assumptions that we evaluate companies using the dcf model are as follows: (1). risk-free interest rate rf: projected to be 2.74 per cent based on the current 10-year rate of return on our national debt; (2) equity market risk premium: updated Chinese equity market risk premium data released in July 2023 by Damodaran
(4) Post-tax debt capital cost kd: the company is currently interest-free, assuming that the company will continue to rely on its own good blood-producing capacity and continue to operate without leverage in the future; based on the above assumptions, we have been able to measure the company ' s wacc at 9.07 per cent, corresponding to the forecast of fcffs for each year, leading to corporate consolidation.
In September of this year, our manufacturing pmi index has returned to more than its gloom, and our economy has been recovering well. At the same time, stable domestic economic policies are continuing. In the near future, the central treasury has announced an additional $1 trillion in national debt, all of which will be distributed locally through transfers.
In addition, the exchange rate of the renminbi is expected to increase steadily, with the build-up of the dollar or nearing its end, which will facilitate a revaluation of the value of the country’s high-quality assets. Billions of dollars, the repurchase of shares, which will be used for future equity incentives or employee-holding schemes.
Full recognition of corporate value by the layer is also conducive to a gradual recovery of market confidence. Based on the above-mentioned estimates of the company’s reasonable valuation, we gave the company a “strongly recommended (first)” investment rating in 2023, together with related benefits such as a share price catalyst.
As a result, silicon prices have fallen further, or will have a significant negative impact on company performance. The risk of rising raw material prices: as the main raw material for multi-crystal silicon production, the price of industrial silicon powder will continue to rise in the future, driven by increased demand for additional capacity, or will have a negative impact on company performance.
This report has been produced and published in Hong Kong by H.E. China-Toon Securities International Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) and is a 33-year-old voucher dealer with license plate No. 1/4/5/9 issued by the Hong Kong CVM.