Shinyi Mountain Signals, Central Communications (000063.sz) enhances the numeric business layout by ai east wind, and the second growth curve opens up new space.
July 24, 2024. Communications is a leading company with increasing profitability. Communications in China is the world's four major communications equipment.
One of the main development routes for suppliers is to accelerate the expansion of the server and storage of the arithmetic second curve, while maintaining the core competitiveness of the traditional first curve business. The company’s business is divided into three segments: operators, government clients, and consumers, and the operator remains the main base, and
There has been a marked increase in corporate profitability; on the other hand, the company has increased its investment in R & D, and is well positioned in terms of arithmetic-difficult communication-deeply documented indicators, with a rising market share of the products in question, which is expected to usher in a new round of growth.
The company has an early profile of 5g-a. The 5g-a business has developed a “one-size-fits-all, general intelligence, \triangleright market data: 23 July 2024
Toc, tob, and tox, to calculate capital expenditure with the cloud of the operator, 5g-a is expected to re-empower the company's operators.
The company’s second growth curve is centred on arithmetic, with a global network of smart calculations: companies launch nebula solutions, both for training and reasoning, building smart hardware infrastructure, ai platforms, big models, and applying three levels of open eco-intelligence solutions.
Basic data: 31 March 2024 Growth, company winning the first candidate several times in multiple tenders for mobile, telecommunications, a service provider that meets high performance requirements such as training reasoning, distributed storage +dpu is expected to become post-Moorian
The main solution for the storage points is that the company servers and storage plates will continue to benefit from the arithmetic needs of the construction. In addition, the company is structured in terms of switchboards, databases, large models, etc., to accommodate the different numeracy-building plans of multi-industry clients such as the Internet, finance, electricity, transportation, etc.;
The Division’s micro-electronics have made autonomous research and development of wireless, wire-wired, cellular microchips, such as the exchange of chips, np chips, and are among the leading semiconductor enterprises in the country, providing growth dynamics to companies with strong R & D capabilities.
A combination of corporate growth versus comparable corporate valuations covers the first time that a company has been given an “enhancement-a” rating.
China’s communications is one of the world’s four leading suppliers of communications equipment, and China’s largest listed supplier of communications equipment. The company was founded in 1985 and has been floating for nearly 40 years, witnessing the growth of the communications industry from 1g/2g to 5.5g today.
The complete end-to-end products and integrated solutions of the wireless, wired, arithmetic energy, terminal, etc. industry, while maintaining the core competitiveness of the first curve business, which is based on wireless and wired products, are active around “connectivity plus numeracy plus capacity plus intelligence”, accelerating the expansion of server and storage, switchboards, large models and arithmetic second curve operations such as self-research chips.
Figure 1: Communications operations and applications in the middle of the year Performance end, with companies recovering gradually in 2018 as a result of United States sanctions and loss of profits, and sustained steady growth in recent years. Sub-operationally, the operator remains the company's basics, accounting for nearly 70 per cent of the revenue, and the company is one of the world's leading suppliers of communications equipment.
The former global pattern of communications equipment is relatively stable, with the fourth largest share of the market, in 2023, according to the dell’oroggroup, Nokia, Ericsson, Naking, Cisco, Samsung, and Telecommunications, with a market share of 11% in 2023 and the same share as in 2022. As a follow-up development, communications in the operator’s business sector, on the one hand, strengthens technological innovations such as 5g, the All-Light Network, and the joint operator pushes forward.
5g-a technology, coupled with arithmetic networks with operators, cloud networks and innovations, products remain at the forefront in the country, and international markets have made a gap break across many parts of Europe and Africa. Specifically, in 2023, in the traditional networks of operators, the company wireless network broke through the capital region of the country branches of Côte d’Ivoire, Kazakhstan, Latin America and the Caribbean, with core network products operating in the mainstream of countries such as Malaysia and Thailand, with a large share of them.
Merchant mining project, China ' s 400gotn backbone core network collection project for sequestered products and breaking through the Greater T-shirts in Spain, Argentina, Algeria and other countries. The core router has been running a Chinese telecommunications collection project for nine consecutive years. In terms of the commercialization of the business landscape for domestic operators, the company has seized the opportunity for arithmetic eruptions, maintaining leadership on servers, data centre exchanges, data centres and cloud computers.
For both government and consumers, companies generally capture the second growth curve, raising their domestic market share through arithmetic products like servers, switchboards, and self-research chips. With regard to Māori, there has been a clear upward trend in Māori rates for operators since 2020, with Māori rates for operators of 2021-2023, respectively.
In 2022, the company’s R&D cost rate was reversed by Tang Tang Telecom, and continues to be steeper. On patents, based on the United States Business Patent Database (ificlaims), the world’s top 250 patent leaders were ranked 56th in the middle position as of 2 January 2024;
According to Lexisnexisiplytics, in 2023, the world ranked seventh in the total number of 5g patents, the top six being Hua, Hightower, Samsung, Ericsson, Nokia and log Electronics. 1.3 Equity structure is stable, and the new leadership team has a strong technical background.
The company has a strong background, a stable equity structure, and no real control. China-Changing Communications Ltd. is the first major shareholder in China-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi, with 20.09% shareholding and controlling shareholders in the company. China-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi, Space-Hwan-Chu, State-Chi-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si, with 49%, 34%, 14.5%, and 2.5% respectively. Among these, China-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi was founded by the founder of China-Chi Communications.
In 2018, the company’s management and board changed to a new chief executive executive executive officer for China’s communications, the former president of China’s telecommunications cloud and core network product line, Seo Ziyang, the president of China’s communications wireless research institute, the former vice president of China’s communications, Cyo Naking, and the former vice president of China’s communications, Li Jin, became the new cfo.
Development and management experience: Executive Vice-President Wang Heiyu, military camp, etc., has a deep technical background, many years of industrial experience, which is the foundation for corporate development.
Technical capacity, directed towards the three main areas of toc, tob, and tox. In the field of toc, the base of technology, supported by seamless magnificence and general intelligence, is strengthened through networks, which provide a comprehensive boost to the general public ' s intellectual life, e.g., through the provision of immersion experiences through wearing devices; in the area of tob, the focus is on enhancing the network ' s capacity from management to production, reaching into the gifted and intelligence industries, and supporting the base of capacity, which includes the hundreds of millions of things, the identification of capabilities, etc.
Tox in the new economy, which supports a network of stars, low airs, cars, etc., by expanding the power base of global connectivity algorithms, skyscrapers, etc., contributes to the stock of social and new economic tracks. Specifically, six applications can enhance capacity, connect different industries, and integrate cloud networks that provide industrial on-site networks.
In 2024, at the 5g-advanced joint launch of new and new products, companies launched 10 innovative products for the 5g-a era, covering the first industry-initiated constant-acting efficiency ubr products, a series of aau products that can provide a megabeams of experience, new products that expand the 5g low sky and star companies, and a series of products that integrate communication and numeracy.
3. Second growth curve: construction of a panorama of intelligence facilities, from full connectivity to connectivity plus numeracy, based on improved numeracy product layout by ai-dong wind layout 3.1
The company has launched the Nebula solution for training and reasoning, building smart infrastructure, ai platforms, large models and applications, three levels of open econometric solutions. 1) The smartness infrastructure layer includes idc, ai computing, integration storage, a non-destructive network and resource management platforms, from the big model training smartness centres to the training of the mixed intelligence centres to the marginal computing machines.
The smart server is compatible with the national and international mainstream cpu/gpu; it provides a national product of 100 g and 200 g web cards and will launch a national production of dpu card this year to support 100 g non-destructive networks; a full box of 400 gfabric web solutions for the scale of the gpu/singlepod resource pool has been released, and a new generation of 400 gfabric products will be released, with an advance deployment of 800 gfabric; and a full series of centres of intelligence computing centres.
Solutions, co-modulation of wind fluids, pue as low as 1.13; product series above can meet the needs of the 10,000-carat gpu super-large network and model training, diversification arithmetic reasoning, and full effort to construct open decoupling ecology. 2) i platform layers are open, decoupled, with complete ai platform products, the public division provides a large model-oriented modular ai platform (ais, aistudio), i platform provides a single programming environment and tool chain up there, with maximum
(iii) In the area of large models, the company uses the “1+n+x” strategy, in which the Big Nebula model uses self-research and ecological collaboration and, on that basis, trains large models in “n” fields through advance knowledge in the field, including the development of codes, large communication models, large government models, large park models, etc., to produce “x” applications.
Research and development plays an important role, with a 30 per cent increase in coding efficiency; communication large models combined with digital twin and size models are already in practice in areas such as network security, cross-domain problems, closed rings, problem perception processing, encryption short video perception assessment, smart anti-fraud.
3.2 Operator market server storage leads. At the industry level, global server output fell by 6.0 per cent in 2023 on a year-on-year basis, depending on macro-related factors such as continued economic weakness and high inflation. The market, on the other hand, continues to focus on the deployment of ana server, benefiting from North American cloud-end data.
Approximately 12.1 per cent, or 1.65 million servers, were delivered annually, up from the projected 1.5 million in 2023.Figure 19: global forecast of the arrival of a server (projected in 2023), figure 18: global total (projected in 2024)
Domestically, according to idc, China ' s accelerated server market reached $9.4 billion in 2023, an increase of 104% from 2022, of which the gpu server accounted for 92%, or $8.7 billion. The pattern is that the wave, Xinhua San, and Xinhua are the top three, accounting for nearly 70% of the market share; and the three top three, with more than 50%, from the point of view of the number of server outlets.
The company now owns a full range of servers and storage products, including a series of products and programmes such as a universal server, a smart server, a high-performance store and a single machine, which ensures that the company provides a variety of services, such as training reasoning and a generic setting, to clients, such as operators and government companies.
Servers support the acceleration of liquid cooling and isomerics by introducing high-density all-liquid cooler cabinet solutions, storing products that provide distributed magnetic arrays and all-magnetic arrays, and aicube training machines that integrate computing, storage, network equipment, and ai platform software to meet localizing deployment requirements for marginal nodes. In the telecommunications market, communications are at the forefront of three major operators' server providers.
In the China mobile 2023-2024pc server collection project, the company continues to take the first names of two labels, demonstrating a significant advantage in the universal server industry. In the case of high-performance servers, China’s communications captures arithmetical layout opportunities.
Computation of an intelligent acceleration engine to meet diversity computing needs such as the ai, high performance computing, etc.; in training, the company introduced a server r6900g5 designed for the training of a big model, based on h800 nvlinkgpu and intel to strong cpu, which supports a network of ib/roce groups between nodes with an unhampered bandwidth of up to 4.8 tbps, while r6900g5 uses gpu+cpu two-lycetic cold technology, which reduces the overall power consumption by more than 1,000 w.
In 2024, at mwc24 Barcelona, the China-China newsletter launched the aicube training machine to provide operators and industry users with a one-stop smart solution that allows users to push for a flexible allocation of resources according to demand and achieve optimal performance and cost balance: aicube also provides end-to-end tool chains that significantly lower the threshold for model training and build up models and applications to support local fineness of private domain data
The intercom has developed the hesmology management and the ii model training reasoning platform — the idiosyncratic one platform. The platform consists of hardware matching layers, engine layers, service levels, and capability layers, and is based on basic computing and movement control techniques, in-depth learning.
Through this comprehensive integration, the i platform greatly improves the efficiency of resource use and accelerates the application of the ai's landings. The ibooster smartness platform, which is managed by the i-resource management platform and the i-ai platform.
The training platform is organic. The resource management platform supports the integrated management, organization and scheduling of isotopic computing, the pooling, virtualization and maximum resource utilization. The training platform, through the tool chain, achieves a process-wide flow flow, guides and visualizes the process. Users do not need to sense resource calculations, the tool chain trigger model is optimal for automatic parallel training, assessment/optimization, one-key deployment, and lowers large model training.
Distributive storage +dpu accelerates the transformation of the data centre. Data centre i/o bandwidth growth imposes increasingly demanding storage performance, storage, etc.
The network is delayed from the millisecond level to the current microsecond level, and is even approaching the nanosecond level in the future, demanding a much higher time frame for cpu to process storage data. To address the post-Moor era i/0 performance bottlenecks, storage protocols are handled efficiently, using dpu (dataprocessing unit, digitally) to release the cpu resource 's storage hardware acceleration program to be delivered.
The multiple advantages of capacity, data acceleration, non-destructive network transmission are integrated; the main application of storage acceleration on dpu consists of several aspects: 1) dpu Accelerating performance enhancement: dpu has nvme-of (nvmoverfabric) capacity, and in a decentralized computing structure, links to different resource pools will be carried from the original system bus to the bus-network-broadway mode, 2) dpu helpivity “suspension separation”: calculation side operations
A simple local storage access to api allows efficient and transparent access to remote storage systems. All complex and necessary functions such as secure encryption, data to recompress, load balance, etc. can be fully and transparently accelerated and uninloaded by dpu; 3) dpu release cpu resources to accelerate efficiency: as the cluster size increases, the storage of io loads on the server continues to consume and the host cpu funds are occupied
The company is committed to autonomous development of distributed storage products, in conjunction with self-researched dpu soft and hard-forward products, to build a distributed hardware storage acceleration program centred on dpu through key technology optimization. Through dpu hardware acceleration technology, clients can be satisfied with the high profile of margin computing scenarios, ai training.
Recovering diverse, high performance storage requirements for reading and writing scenes, zero trust security, etc. Figure 26: Middle-Change Communications Distributed Storage +dpu Hardware Acceleration Program
In terms of client cooperation, China’s winning Chinese telecommunications arithmetic server (2023-2024) collects: and for three years in a row, China’s 100% server annual framework tender project, March 2023, Nakhito announced that the company’s servers would support 100% of the word, and that they would deepen the ai’s numeracy support for both business and business clients. According to the company’s disclosure on the investor’s question-and-answer platform, the company’s ai server is operating in both the operator and the Internet.
The company has already shipped goods and is expanding the intelligence projects associated with the kilocalories/kwanka cluster in parallel with the building of domestic computing capacity, and the central Xingai server is expected to increase its market share on the basis of a good basis of cooperation with operators and Internet enterprises. 3.3 The large-scale model of the Internet network database of government and business markets is progressing in an orderly manner.
With the exception of server and storage operations, companies are moving ahead in an orderly manner in terms of switches, databases, large models, etc. With regard to switches, the exchanges are mainly centred around the Ethernet switchboard. According to idc, the Chinese exchange market grew by 0.7% in 2023, with the data centre switch increasing by 2.2% in the same year: in view of the breakdown of the scene, the enterprise network data centre switch is mainly due to the Internet industry for almost two years.
The continuing decline has affected investment, the operator data centre switch has been on the rise since 2022, and the collection, network cloud, and int cloud construction has continued; it is expected that the 400gbps portal will continue to grow as a result of a large-scale build-up by the ai beginning in 2024. The central data centre switch has been deployed for 800g, 400g, 100g, etc., and the core set of zxr 109900x has been achieved
Full self-research, using an innovative single layer multi-track program, 112gserdes, bus architecture, which supports a combined computing, storage, and intelligence package that provides a network of intelligence centres with a 10,000-calculus model. According to idc, the share of the domestic market in the CDC switch was the highest in the first three quarters of 2023, with commercial and political clients accelerating construction in cloud computing and ai; based on company disclosure at the investor question-and-answer platform, the company currently has 100g/400g data.
The heart exchange has been sold in bulk, and the 800g data centre switch has started to spread to the market. The company has developed its own goldendb distributed database. Goldendb has accumulated technology over 20+ years, leading to autonomous innovation in the national production database, over 200 patents, 100% kernel autonomy, application to domestic finance, operators ' markets and continuous expansion of customs, transport, energy, ports.
More specifically, in the financial markets, Goldendb has achieved sustained breakthroughs in top-level clients such as state-owned banks and share-stock banks, and has created a number of typical cases: the New Breakthrough Bank, the Zap Bank, the Ningbo Bank, the China Export-Import Bank, the China Xinjiang Investment Portfolio, and the Open-Booking Stock Exchanges: successful implementation in the construction of banks, business banks, the Great Light Bank, the Open-Book Bank, the Heung Hung Bank, the Shandong City Business Banking Union.
According to the frost&sullivan report, goldendb achieved 2022 financial-class distribution data for the banking sector, first in the market share of the banks and first in the three core banking, sub-core, non-banking systems in 2023; in the operator market, goldendb kept China moving and China having the first share of connectivity; and built Shandong mobile crm&boss, Zhejiang mobile accounts core, Hebei moving north.
The company has published a large model for nebula research and development, which has increased efficiency for a wide range of industries such as research and development, communications, government administration, water, parks, etc. The Big Model for Nebula is designed to support developers in demand analysis, product design, programming, testing, and version deployment.
In April 2024, the Digital Nebula 3.0 was published as a powerful one, addressing the issue of data processing, training reasoning, application development, etc. in industrial applications.
Five major challenges to flexible deployment and security; on the other hand, one could use the one technology to fully upgrade the original architecture and functionality of the digital nebula to help company clients and partners apply the one technology.
Established in 1996 by the Ministry of Communications and the Design Department of Central Hintern, which specializes in chip development, the first of its kind was the development of web-enabled device chips, including sdh/mstp transmissions, cross-chips: in November 2003, China built on the Department of Design, a fully-owned company, MicroSmall Electronics, whose main task is the 3g core chip represented by wcdma, and so on.
After 2008, China Communications initiated autonomous development of chips in the field of data communications, and in 2010 successfully launched the first generation of self-research chips: in 2013, China launched the zx297510 chip, a 4g-band processing chip based on the 28nm process in China. To this end, China ' s microelectronic autonomous development and successful commercial development reached more than 120 chips, with products covering the entire area of the ict industry "Clouds, Pipelines, Terminals" .
For more than 160 countries and territories around the world, the company has been developing chips in the field of data communications for 10 years, with the required full-series chip capability for data communications, such as the exchange of web chips, the search of chips, and the np chip. In the exchange of chip, the first generation of chip exchanges has been successful and fast-tracked in routers, ptn, etc.
Successful application of products such as otn, followed by a three-year cycle of exchange of web chips, in 2013 at 1.8t, 2015 at 3.6t, mid-2018 with the launch of a fourth generation self-researched network chip with an exchange capacity of 8.8 tbps, reaching industry-class levels. Research and development of the fifth generation self-researched web chip was launched in 2020: in addition, in order to achieve a full increase in the capacity of the product, the company was able to capture the np (net) called a number of equipment engines.
The np chip is highly technologically complex, and the global np chip development capability of the company, Inc., has been developed for three years and launched its first self-research of the np chip - ssp-1, ssp-1 using a rtc (runtocompletion) structure in 2015, with a fully autonomous IP programable microprocessor inner core, coupled with ultra-high-speed interconnectivity technology, with high performance and flexible programming features.
In early 2019, the company launched the first industry-integrated flexe and tsn np chip; in 2017 and 2020, the company launched the third and fourth generation of self-research np.
The 4th generation np planning has already been aligned to the first-class levels in the interface capacity, using state-of-the-art 5nm processes and 112gbpsserdes techniques, with further enhancement of core chip integration. Capabilities, low-capacity design and containment and testing capabilities, etc., are currently available in microelectronics to provide wireless communication, broadband access, light transmission, etc.
According to gartner, in 2022, China's microelectronics ranked tenth in the ranking of domestic semiconductor companies, and are expected to continue to grow in size and influence in the future. Figure 35: China's semiconductor industry ranked in 2022.
The company's business is divided into three main sectors: operator business, government business, and consumer business.
For valuation purposes, the selection of fire communications, purple shares and middle light as comparable companies received a comparable company of 2024e/2025e/2026e, with firm wireless and cable basics, a second-growth curve with greater potential for growth and greater than expected space, combined with corporate growth and comparable corporate valuations, and the first coverage of the corporate “uptake-a” rating.
Country risk: The operations of the Group and its affiliates cover more than 100 countries and territories, and the macroeconomic, policy and political and social environments of the countries in which they operate, including the risks of laws and regulations, taxes, exchange rates, political situations (such as war, civil strife, etc.), will continue to exist and may have an impact on the operations of the Group.
Exchange rate risk: Exchange rate risk arises mainly from the exposure of foreign currencies and their exchange rate fluctuations arising from sales, purchases and financing in non-KWDs, which may have an impact on group operations. Interest rate risk: interest rate fluctuations in this currency will change the group’s total interest expenditure, thereby affecting the group’s profitability.
Client credit risk: due to the rapid pace of group operations, the size of the client group, the differences in the creditworthiness of various types of clients, and the impact of different credit positions on the business development of the group.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.