The seafood industry (603288) food and beverages, high barriers to growth, top-class platforms, and Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Incidents: We have recently conducted research on companies and have exchanged information with management on the company. The recommended logic is that China is an absolute leader in the spice industry, with a long history, a well-structured product, and has developed five large single items with sales of more than a billion dollars.
Industry first; strong brands and high consumer awareness of the Sea Sky brand; advanced management, with new and higher gross net interest rates of 44.9 per cent per net interest rate of 209h1 per cent per annum, with rapid growth in the spice industry, which has grown by 8.5 per cent annually; and a combined annual growth rate of 10.4 per cent in the soy sauce industry.
In comparison with Japan: In the case of soy sauce, the per capita consumption of soy sauce is 7.14 litres, which lags behind Japan ' s per capita consumption of soy sauce (9 litres): 3, in life cycle terms: as the industry matures, the share of the market of the big industry will grow further in the future.
• High-speed growth of core products, with channels for sharing new ones. The company promoted a product diversification strategy based on the three main core categories of soy sauce, alfon oil, sauce sauce, and then acquired the formal recruitment of a milk company by the Emperor Hiro; also acquired Dan and vineries into town vinegar; and also introduced the apple vinegar entry industry, with a different product matrix.
In terms of channels, the sea is well-positioned, with its size and value for money, to capture about 21% of the market share of the country's catering channels, well above other companies in the industry; in terms of family channels, the city is still ahead of its competitors, accounting for about 16% of the market share. A strong network of national channels can be used.
Management efficiency is high, gross/net interest rates are rising. executives have been in the company for many years, with strong management practice experience, leading the company to a better future, while executives have a high shareholding ratio with the public.
The benefits of the firm’s ability to negotiate with the upper and lower-stream levels, the ability of the terminal to price, the importance of employee incentives, and the excellent and increasing efficiency of the seafood industry. One hundred million yen, net profit returns to the mother – 5.26 billion yuan, 6.3 billion yuan, $7.41 billion – and a three-year compound increase of 19.3 per cent.
Profile 1: The seafood industry, which is the result of the Fuchang Soup Garden during the dry years, has been one of the first “old Chinese characters” for 300 years now. The company is a leading company in the spice industry, with its products covered with soy sauce, aphid oil, spice sauce, vinegar, chicken essence.
The company's sales volume and market share are industry-led, growing from the “sample of sauce” to the “sample of spices.” The sea began with the sauce and gradually developed the aphids, saline sauce and, in recent years, the buying of milk, vinegar, etc., have continued to be horizontal.
The sales of company sauce oil have been ranked first for 22 years, with the city accounting for about 17 per cent; the city of quail, with about 80 per cent, is seven times that of Li Jin; the area of flavour sauce has also grown to 1 billion class of large singles (soy bean sauce). The company ' s diversification strategy is clear, and the share of soy sauce products has decreased from 68 per cent in 2011 to a year-on-year decline.
In terms of performance, since 2017, the Department has been expanding the national market to open up channels and increasing operating income, while companies have been upgrading their product structure and improving their competitiveness in response to rising consumption. In the first half of 2017, the company earned 14.6 billion yuan in operating income and in the first half of 2019, respectively.
Pang Kang, Tsing Snow, Wong Weung Biao, Ye Yin Bridge, six co-actors, who held 48,58% of the ownership of Haitian Buddha, directly and indirectly through the Sea Sky Group, have a high management share and are effective in promoting business policy.
2.1 The seasoning track is excellent, the leading market is gaining more space and the taste industry is growing more rapidly. According to data from the National Statistical Office, in 2012-2018, sales revenue from the production industry grew from $20.98 billion to $34.27 billion, with an annual compound growth rate of 8.5 per cent; and the retail market for the soy sauce industry received revenue.
According to the Asia Rapid Consumer Market Insight Report released by the Caddy Consumers Index in the fourth quarter of 2018, an aphid oil is one of the fastest growing consumer categories in the five largest households in mainland China, with the highest penetration rates. Seaside oils increased from 601 million yuan in 2010 to 2.86 billion yuan in 2018, reflecting an annual compound increase of 21.6 per cent in the herb oil industry.
With the increase in soy sauce brewing technology, the taste has increased considerably, the taste has increased, the flavour has increased, the fragrance has become stronger, and the use of the scene has been expanding, so that the entire soy sauce industry has grown at a remarkable rate in recent years. On the basis of the usual soy sauce, the production time has been increased to make it better.
In the case of the soy sauce industry, we now account for 21% of the market share of the soy sauce industry, a significant difference compared to Japan. The Japanese soy sauce industry stands at 48%.
The industry is the leader of the country’s sauce industry, which has left other competitors far behind, reaching 15% of the city’s share, five times the value of the second-highest fresh sauce. The whole market of soy sauce has created a much more competitive situation.
Only 7.14 litres, and 6 litres in Hong Kong and Adota, lag behind Japan’s per capita consumption of soy sauce. But our market for soy sauce has greater potential, and our market for soy sauce is still at a high-speed station. The good taste of soy sauce and the rapid development of its products have led us to grow faster than Japan by 26-54 per cent.
The spice industry is still developing, with a low concentration compared to the beer and dairy industries, with a gradual maturity of the industry and a greater share of the leading industry. By the end of 2018, the beer industry had reached 70%, the dairy industry had 59%, and the industry was highly concentrated.
Mediumly low, the appetizer industry displays a strong distribution pattern, and the market share of the industry's giants will gradually increase in the future.
Sea weather has formed a product structure based on three core categories of soy sauce, alfon oil and sauce, covering vinegar, wine, chicken sperm, rotten milk, flavour juice, chicken powder, fragrance oil, venom, soy sauce pickles, grains, and beverages, with a full product line and variety of products.
A hundred-year-old, pure taste, good value for sex, and the birth of gold-sniffed, old mushrooms, and so on, is a 1 billion-grade single item that has been in existence for more than 60 years, has been new for a long time, and has long been recognized by consumers.
The product is well-structured, with different cooking habits, different use scenes, and the sea sky has launched the classic series, the old word series, the special series, the organic series, the preferential series, and so on. In 2018, the production of seafood oils was 1.92 million tons, or about 18 per cent of the industry as a whole.
In the case of quail products, seafood technology leads, making it fresh and odourful, making it widely available from South China to the country, and from the end of the restaurant to the end of the household. Sea culinary oil is divided into a series of best-selling, classics, signposts, and treasures, and has been born to a class of 1 billion quails, with an output of 620,000 tons in 2018, and is in a non-industrial situation.
For the lead, it's about seven times the size of industry's second place.
Unlike soy sauce, our region has a great variety of tastes, and consumers have different tastes of sauce, and all regions have produced local products of soy sauce. Sea sky focuses on soybean sauce, sauce, seafood sauce, etc., in an effort to satisfy consumer tastes in different regions, cater to catering channels and consumer channels. Soybeans are produced through the constant development of consumers.
With the exception of the three core categories of soy sauce, aphid oil and flavour sauce, in 2014, the seafood industry acquired the official milk of the Guang Emperor.
Enterprises: Launched in 2016: Dan and vineries were acquired in 2017, products were introduced into town vinegar, and spice channels can be divided into two categories: domestic consumers buy less frequently, sell less, buy less and buy less, and access barriers are not obvious; cooks use sticky, single picks in catering channels.
Large purchases, frequent purchases, and barriers to access to food are obvious and difficult. By virtue of its size and value for money, the sea has a strong grip on the country’s catering channels, which account for about 21 per cent of the market share of the country’s catering channels, well above that of other companies in the industry. With regard to family channels, the city still leads the competitor, accounting for about 16 per cent of the market share.
Successfully. In recent years, the number and volume of networks of corporate channels have been growing in tandem, and in the second half of the year companies will further fine-tune the market, gradually filling the three-to-four-line open urban markets on the basis of mature markets in the two-line cities; and, based on the nationalization of the sea, the network of channels and the advantages of a variety of products, optimize product layouts and expand product categories.
The company has a two-tier distribution model, with channels covering the entire country. The network now covers 100% of local municipalities, and 90% of China’s inland provinces are selling more than a billion. By the first half of 2019, the company currently had 5369 distributors, with a net increase of 485 in the first half of 2019.
From 2014 to 2018, the soy sauces grew from $6.3 billion to $10.2 billion, and the three main cores kept growing faster. Currently, the company ' s sauce oils can be fed, traded, distributed more well, fuel-consuming, spiced, and other new products can be shared more quickly.
2.3 Management efficiency is high, gross/net interest rates are rising, and seniors have real ownership, with a common conviction for development. Pangang, Chengyue, Wong Wen-bong, Wu Revitalization, Ye Yin Bridge, and Chen
As of 2019, h1, the six persons held a total of 58.37% of the shares of the Sea Tian Group, the effective control of the Sea Tian Group and, directly and indirectly through the Sea Tian Group, a total of 48.67% of the shares of the company and the actual control of the Department.
The six de facto controllers have a deep sense of company and a common desire for management team experience and good corporate growth. The executives have been in the company for many years, working in different ministries, with strong academic qualifications, and have held positions as marketing general manager, producer director, business director, and so on, and have a strong market.
The company has a well-functioning scheme of employee-equity incentives and staff.
In the early stages of the reform, 749 employees were involved in the purchase of shares, 58 workers were listed as shareholders and the company's top managers. In addition, the company has introduced 93 core staff members to the equity incentive scheme. These policies form the stock-holding structure of the special core staff in China, which has provided a significant incentive for the staff to become members.
Since 2010, corporate gross and net interest rates have been rising steadily, reaching 27 per cent in the first half of 2019, and a Māori rate of 45 per cent, benefiting mainly from a strong upward and downstream bargaining power, a strong terminal pricing capacity and an emphasis on employee incentives.
Since then, China has been implementing a forward payment policy, with accounts receivable remaining at zero (incorporated into Dan and accounts receivable following the acquisition of Dan and vinegar). To stimulate the network of distributors, China has set up more than two distributors in each region, stunned competition among distributors and ensured a dynamic network of channels.
In terms of terminal prices: increase the price of the terminal at a steady pace and guarantee the profit of the distributors. In terms of terminal prices, the supply of raw materials by the sea: the sea sky works closely with upstream suppliers to respond effectively to the price volatility of raw materials. The sea sky works with raw material suppliers for a long time to cope with the price increase of raw materials, including by locking prices at the beginning of the year. Seafood materials are mostly large.
In 2018, the top five suppliers accounted for 21.8 per cent of annual purchases, with a low concentration and a low capacity to negotiate upstream. In terms of staff costs: China values staff development and motivation, and the overall educational background is higher in the same industry.
Quality: Seaday's pay is also extremely competitive, with China's per capita pay of $176,000 in 2018, about double that of other companies in the industry, but investment in manpower costs has produced extremely high output, generating revenue of $3.33 million per capita, more than three times that of other companies in the industry.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.