Sea Group (002311.sz): High performance, growth, opening up new space in overseas markets, Sea Group
The company is a high-tech listed company that collects research and development, production and marketing of aquatic feed, animal feed and water feed pre-assembly, and healthy farming. Core business.
The company has already achieved production of tons (including 2.1 million tons of in-house farming consumption) in the priority aquaculture areas of the country, an increase of 9% from the same year.
The average rate of growth in Chinese hydrates and shrimp crabs is clear, and the octopus is under pressure; the poultry actively plays a professional advantage by establishing a multi-faceted partnership with large-scale farmers and food companies; the pig stock is under pressure because of the decline in sales of small- and medium-sized silos, and the company has been actively restructuring its customer structure to open up the size of its farm customers.
The sale of 2.36 million tons was a 40% increase over the same year. 24 years of falling raw material prices, falling feed market prices, debt payments and cross-equity presentations: this led to a slight decline in revenue from feed operations, but a 1.2 percentage point increase in the Māori rate over the same year.
Forage sales, 5.95 million tons, an increase of 25 per cent over the year, are expected to increase by more than 3 million tons throughout the year. Companies will actively develop deep industrial chains in the country with large-scale livestock owners, accelerate business layout and market expansion in overseas markets, and further increase in scale and profitability.
In the case of pig farming, there are 6 million fat pigs in 24 years, with a sustained focus on the optimization of farm costs, the introduction of a business model entitled "Extortion of piglets, companies plus family farms, locking in profits, hedge risks" and 24 years of pig farming, which has been at a loss and continues to make a profit in 25q1.
In aquaculture, the industrial shrimp industry has continued to specialize in management, and the cost of farming has dropped significantly, and will be scaled up proportionately in the future, based on the consolidation of specialization.
In our view, against the backdrop of increased friction in Central American trade, prices for feed raw materials are expected to fluctuate over 25 years, corporate core cost advantages are expected to be highlighted, and the market share of company feed business is expected to continue to rise overseas;
The market is expected to replicate the country’s success stories and contribute to the growth of the volume. The ability to specialize in farming is increasing, the risk of low-risk, low-asset operations is manageable, and the company’s long-term development potential is high.
Risks are manageable, and companies have a long-term competitive advantage. Companies are expected to return to their mothers 13 times their net profit in 25-27 years, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
The Great Sea Group (002311.sz): High performance growth, opening up new space for overseas markets, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China Group (002311.sz): High performance growth, foreign markets opening up new space, Xuetz
A breakdown of the sub-sectors, such as feed, food, and pet food.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.