The Sini Mountain Signals are all over the world, and the Great Sea Group (002311.sz) is processing feed.
The company's annual report 2024 and its quarterly report 2025. The company achieved business income in 2024.
According to the Chinese Association of Feeding Industries, total industrial feed production fell by 2.1% in 2024, from 3.9% in the same year, to 1.2% in the same year, to 1.2% in the same year, to 2.6% in the same year, and to the same year, to the same year, to the same year.
26,52 million tons (including some 2.1 million tons of domestic livestock consumption), an increase of about 9 per cent in the same year, domestic feed, a share in circulation/total equity (12,665 million tons of poultry outside sales, an increase of about 12 per cent in the same year, and 5,640,000 tons of pig outsiders, a small increase in the same year
In the case of aquaculture operations, the company has in recent years adjusted its competition strategy and invested key market resources, while at the same time providing strong support to high-quality customers and farmers.
In 2024, the Division increased its sales of domestic aquatic feed by 8% on a year-on-year basis, a much faster than industry-wide basis. Disaggregated varieties show that in 2024 there was a significant increase in the company ' s general water supply: shrimp crabs increased significantly on a year-on-year basis, with a 16% increase in white shrimps in South America; and lobsters fell year-round, mainly because of overdensity and abnormality in farming.
Weather effects, leading to premature endings of farming and a weak season; high-level inflating of fish (special-water fish) has been pressured by insufficient demand for consumption, and it has become more evident that varieties that have grown significantly in previous years have been able to de-formulate.
Overseas feed business is high and long. In 2024, the company sold 2.36 million of feed out of overseas areas.
The combination of seedlings and feed provides a clear competitive advantage for the company’s poultry industry. The seedlings insurance business further consolidated the research and development base and layout.
The company has 14 generations of shrimp breeding systems, which protect more than 2,000 families each year and constitute a reservoir of high genetic diversity. At the same time, the company continues to maintain and invest in the fish seedling industry, introducing indoor factory development, breeding of the rash species,
In addition, the company has launched an internationalization strategy through the construction of aquatic seedlings in countries such as Viet Nam and Indonesia. Pig farming has grown steadily. The company produced about 6 million pigs in 2024, up from 2023.
\triangleright’s 4.6 million head, with an increase of about 1.4 million head. The company continues to focus on capacity-building for pig-breeding teams and innovation in light capital production models, while focusing on “outsourcing pigs, companies plus family farms, locking in profits,”
Business model for hedge risk. \triangleright livestock outbreak results in lower than expected sales of animal food and extreme weather events result in lower than anticipated sales of aquatic feed
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status, or the trust that I have in my practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.