A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
New China Life (601336 CH)
HOLD (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB55.22
(Previous TP
RMB57.67)
Up/Downside
+13.2%
NCI released 1H19 results on 28 Aug. GWP increased 9.0% YoY to RMB 74bn
Current Price
RMB48.80
and net profit surged 81.8% YoY to RMB 10.5bn thanks to tax savings and quality
growth. Net investment yield maintained at 5.0% YoY while total investment yield
China Insurance Sector
declined 0.1ppt to 4.7% because of impairment loss. Embedded value rose 10.5%
YoY to RMB 61.36 per share. Overall speaking, the Company went through
Wenjie Ding, PhD
management team transition and business lull in 1H19. However, clarified
strategy will likely lead to better 2H19 and current valuation is attractive.
Hanbo Xu
■ NBV declined 8.7% YoY in 1H19. Individual agent channel FYRP declined
2.1% YoY. Margin pressure has been looming since 2H18. NBV margin for
both individual channel and bancassurance channel experienced decline due
to market competition and product strategy change. We expect NBV to grow
Stock Data
5.1% in 2H19, narrowing NBV decline for the whole year to 2.2%.
Mkt Cap (RMB mn)
131,464
Avg 3 mths t/o (RMB mn)
■ Results positives. 1) NII was stable at 5.0% backed by successful allocation
52w High/Low (RMB)
64.99/39.01
of fixed income assets, such as non-standard assets in previous years and
Total Issued Shares (mn)
1,034 (H)
local government bond in 1H19. 2) Individual agent headcount increased 4.3%,
2,085 (A)
Source: Bloomberg
or 16,000 from YE18 to 386,000, lending support for sales force in 2H19.
Shareholding Structure
Firm strategy clarified to resolve market concerns. The new board and
Central Huijin Investment
31.34%
management team has decided to 1) pursue more balanced development of
China Baowu Steel Group
12.09%
asset and liability and attach equal attention to both; 2) stick to protection-
Source: HKEx
oriented products and enrich offering of pension products, medical care, term
Share Performance
life in addition to critical illness products; 3) explore opportunities in long-term
savings products to meet market demand; 4) enhance long-term equity
investment.
Catalysts in 2H19. 1) Upgrade of critical illness products and release of
product pipelines depending on market demand; 2) expanded agent team to
12-mth Price Performance
support sales; 3) firm strategy to focus on asset-liability match.
Adjust TP to RMB 55.22. Maintain HOLD. Although NBV growth fell below
our forecast, the Company recorded positive economic experience variances
thanks to its investment performance, thus boosting EV to increase by 10.5%
from YE18. We adjust TP to RMB 55.22, based on 40% premium to H-share TP.
A-share stock is now trading at 0.78x FY19E P/EV. Maintain HOLD.
Earnings Summary
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: Ernst & Young
Related Reports
"Margin
pressure and
transition
"NBV margin expansion driven by
product optimization" - 22 Mar
"Investor day takeaway" - 7 Dec
Focus Charts
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from
that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a
result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should
independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to
make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security
or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers
or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information
contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness.
CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice.
CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption,
point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent
with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself
and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business
relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect
the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only
and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written
consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy
of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser
as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute
reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of
the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or
an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents
of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising
from, or in connection with the report.