In January, sales rose to the same level, with strong investments in four cities, Suzhou, Beijing, Fuzhou and Jinan, with a total building space of 816,000 square metres at a total land value of $6.237 billion; and a total building area of 31.42 million square metres at a total equity value of $3.295 billion.
2. The company acquired 100 per cent of the shares and related claims of Zhejiang Yun and Real Estate Group Ltd., with transfer prices of 10,000 square metres; nine completed projects; and one hotel.
The sales area was 6.06 million square metres, an increase of 80.74 per cent over the same period; the sales contracted amounted to $11.756 billion, with a significant increase in sales in January, which was the highest in the same period in history.
In the four cities of Jinan, the total housing area is 816,000 square metres, with a total cost of $6.237 billion; in the case of the building area, 31.42 million square metres, with a total cost of $3.295 billion. In January, the amount of land taken by the company is subject to a factor of economy, and the government has done less. At the same time, the company acquired it by way of mergers and acquisitions this month.
The Zhejiang Yun and Real Estate Group Ltd. has acquired 100% of the equity and related claims, which have led to some housing start-up projects, including four ongoing construction projects, nine completed projects and one hotel. The company has actively acquired land reserves through diversification, with four ongoing construction projects and one hotel being acquired in Hangzhou.
The company’s project reserves in the long triangle will be significantly enhanced.  Investment proposal: to attract the merchant snakes as the flagship company of the real estate block under the auspices of the Business Bureau Group, to position itself as the leading city and park integrated development and operation service provider, which is the group’s important core asset consolidation
The company has an adequate stock of resources in the Bay of Australasia in Hong Kong, and will benefit fully in the future from resources, strong business synergies of the Business Office Group, and experience in the integrated development of urban and industrial parks, and we give a "buy-in" rating.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, there is an investment advisory committee on securities.