Significant sales growth settlement performance is in line with expectations: 17-year annual report (001979) published by Commissariats shows attaining operating income of $75,455 million, with Ho Minli.
Real estate sales have increased significantly in the leading industry. Since the company's listing, it has strategically positioned itself as “China's leading city and park integrated development and operation service provider” for community operations, park operations, etc.
It operates three major operations. Community development and operations have generated business income of $69,045 million over 17 years, an increase of 23 per cent over the same year, representing a total revenue of 91.51 per cent, an increase of 3.2 percentage points over 16 years.
Some 200 projects are being sold, with 570.01 million square metres of contracted land, which is a 50% increase over the same period in the volume of sales contracted by the Department to lead the industry, which is a welcome development.
“Year of Development”, companies have made great strides in accessing resources by means of roll-outs, joint ventures, and mergers and acquisitions. Land resources have been acquired throughout the year on the first line, on the second core line, and in key surrounding cities, covering 1,023,000 square metres of buildings, with an interest area of 5.94 million square metres.
There has been a breakthrough in the growth of mergers and acquisitions of Kunming Steel, Tianjin Townson, South China Tong and China. Parks and cruise operations have developed smoothly.
Businesses such as operation, management of industrial parks, and marketing of park properties are located mainly in areas such as Shenzhen Snake, the former Sea, Light Technology Park and Qingdao Ribbon. With the help of snakes, the model role of Prince's Bay, and the experience of former sea-zone government corporations, companies have been involved or involved in collaboration with local governments.
During the year, agreements were signed with the Wu Gang Group, the Wuhan City Qingshan State Finance Committee, the Huanggang County Government, the Shenzhen Xinxin District Government, the Suzhou High Entrepreneurship Investment Group, and the Shuyang City People’s Government, to expand the New City Project into a fast-track vehicle.
In addition, the company has more than a dozen new city projects in priority industries in the country, which are expected to be well under way in the future. In the case of cruise ship operations, the company carries out web-based layouts and business model replications at the national cruise port, bringing together ships, ports, cities, swims, purchases, and entertainment.
Managed, built up a collection of tourist properties, the economy of the mother port, and the cruise industry in one-size-fits-all high-end tourist service. Initially completed the layout of the cruise mother port in coastal cities such as Shenzhen, Xiamen, Shanghai, and Chamjiang, seeking to build a Chinese local cruise brand and a global-impact cruise-ship logo for 17 years.
The cruise industry generated operating revenues of $595 million, a significant increase of 75.05 per cent over the same period, and the continued viability of the cruise business.
At the end of the year, the company had about 600,000 square metres of the country, forming a “one-story” white-collar apartment, a “one-story” condo, three core product lines of a “one-story” service apartment, and completed the construction of a standardized system of products, services, operations, brands, etc.
During this period, the long-term rental of apartments has accelerated, and one apartment has been signed in Beijing, Chongqing, and the Shenzhen Fu Yiku project. The debt rate has risen slightly, but remains at a reasonable level.
The internal company successfully completed the registration and issuance of the $5 billion medium-term bill, received the $15 billion in corporate debt and the first 2.4 billion in corporate debt, the first long rental apartment with the first single shelf on the exchange and bs, issued $6 billion and worked together to build banks to complete the first long-lease apartment on the interbank market.
Product registers amounting to $20 billion, using financial instruments effectively to build up the stock of assets and to secure sufficient financial security for the subsequent development of the company’s owner’s leased product. The average cost of financing the company during the reporting period was 4.8%, compared to the controlling shareholders and actual controllers of the merchants, who had a group of assets that cut across industry and finance.
Prominent firms in large areas, in recent years, with a high number of intra-group resource consolidations and synergies, have promoted complementarities of resources and built unique competitive advantages from the outside. Relying on the strong strength of the Group, the harmonization of internal and external resources will provide great business opportunities for the latter.
At the same time, the company maintained a “recommended” investment rating in the Viper Zone due to its rich land reserves, and continued to move forward in the Bay of Australasia region of Hong Kong, where the rating system's “market index” reference is 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.