Review: Performance over-expected release, which is 27.5% higher than the figure, yielding a gain of $1.55 per share. The beneficiary industry has increased its profile and concentration, adding up the city’s performance commitments, and continues to exceed market expectations. On the other hand, the company’s restricted share will be in place early next year.
Beginning with the lifting of the ban, there are still some discounts on the first market prices, the addition of sufficient and high-quality company reserves and the accelerated expansion of the scale of prior-period sales, and it is expected that future settlement performance will continue to grow at a high rate; corporate valuations are still high; commercial contacts are issuing fast performance reports for 2017: 75.5 billion yuan in 2017, a year-on-year increase.
18.8 per cent long; net return of $12.2 billion achieved, 27.5 per cent higher than the previous year, with a gain of $1.55 per share. Net profit settlement exceeded the commitment target and dispelled three-quarterly reported concerns about performance. In 2017, the balance of corporate real estate operations was reversed by an increase of 18.82 per cent over the same period in the previous year, resulting in an increase in operating income of 18.82 per cent over the same period; and a carry-over rate of Maori from real estate business was realized.
The increase over the same period in the previous year led to higher profit growth than income growth, with companies achieving a net return of RMB 1 billion, 18.5 per cent higher, and dispelled the concerns about performance caused by the carry-over structure of the three quarterly reports.
In 2017, the company reached the target of 100 billion dollars in high-quality sales.
Merchant Snakes: Hand-to- Hand State Development of New City, Extrégency Statistics ranked 14 out of 14 sales year-round, actively moving to Group One.
Qualitative and low debt ratios are expected to maintain a sustained high growth in sales as a result of the high liquidity model.
Performance commitments at the time of listing also continue to exceed market expectations. On the other hand, corporate stock restrictions will begin to be lifted at the beginning of next year, and there will still be some discounts on the first market prices, a build-up of company reserves of sufficient quality and an accelerated expansion in the scale of prior-period sales, with future settlement performance expected to remain high; corporate valuations are expected to continue to grow;
Luang Peak, cfa/acca