The growing global mining giants, with the right amount of money, have grown up in recent years to become international mining giants.
The largest gold, copper, and lead zinc producers in the country. Cross-cutting developments have taken place in recent years, with a qualitative leap in the acquisition of overseas mines and a significant increase in resource reserves and production, with about 40 tons of mineral gold, 420,000 tons of mineral copper, and 400,000 tons of mineral lead and zinc.
(a) One of the few mining enterprises that actually “gos out” and achieves rapid growth. This is largely a result of the strategic vision of the company's management, which has led to a number of countercyclical acquisitions, which have constantly enhanced the company's resource advantages;
Xu Hee-minization. The company, the most growing of the country’s coloured enterprises in recent years, has gradually moved from a national mining leader to an international leading mining company.
The Division completed the acquisition of the Vuritika gold mine and Guyana gold fields, adding 13 tons of active capacity to produce mineral gold, effectively covering the possible decline in production resulting from the extension of mining rights in the Pogra gold mine, future company mineral gold, yellow and yellow.
Production will progress steadily, at a level of over 40 tons. 2) Copper has a superior resource and has a surge in production capacity. In 2021, the three main copper mining projects in Purple gold will be followed by the Kamoa copper mine, the dragon copper mine, and the timok copper gold mine, which together will increase copper production capacity by close to half a million tons, and the company ' s copper production capacity will be expected to be close to 1 million tons.
The US monetary policy is expected to remain relaxed in the medium to long term, the dollar index will be weak in the medium to long term, and the dollar-denominated commodity portfolio will have a basis for upswing.
In the next two years, the company’s copper will be in the boom phase, and the company’s products will rise in volume and performance will be significantly higher. The company’s valuation, which is currently 35 times higher, is below the average of 57 times the gold plate.
In West Side, it was slightly 34 times higher than the average value of the copper plate at 28 West Rixie Street, so it was rated higher.
Fortune Fukuwa, Fukuda, is a free-trader, number six, China (Sichuan) experiment.
In recent years, China Sea International Center, 17 J.C.C., 177, has developed beyond its reach to become an international mining giant. The company is a national company.
The gold, copper, lead and zinc production industry, which is the most resource-rich in the country, has developed across the board in recent years, and has made a qualitative leap through the acquisition of overseas mineral reserves and production, now amounting to about 40 tons of mineral gold, about 420,000 tons of mineral copper and about 400,000 tons of mineral lead and zinc.
The strategic vision of the layer, with multiple countercyclical acquisitions, is constantly increasing the edge of corporate resources; on the other hand, the ability to operate and operate mines at a low cost, stemming from the company’s professional capacity to manage mines and smelting technology, and the efficiency of the company’s performance and its ability to implement it can quickly make resources more efficient. Companies are national actors in recent years.
The acquisition of the Vuritika gold mine and Guyana gold fields will add 13 tons of mineral production capacity, effectively compensate for the potential decline in production associated with the extension of mining rights in the Pogra gold mine, and the future growth of corporate mineral production will be steady.
At 40 tons or more. 2) Copper has a superior resource, and production capacity has soared. In 2021, tons of copper from the three main copper mines of purple gold, the company ' s copper production capacity will be expected to reach around 1 million tons, in the weaker dollar environment of the world ' s top copper producers, and large commodities will have a basis for growth. The monetary policy of the United States is expected to remain wide in the medium to long term.
Pine, the dollar index will be weak in the medium to long term, and the bulk of the dollar-denominated commodities will have a basis for upswing, with direct benefits for the company’s main product, gold, and copper. At the same time, the company’s copper will be in an explosive growth phase over the next two years, and the company’s products will rise in value and performance will increase significantly.
Moreover, the gold mining industry, which currently valued 35 times less than the gold plate company ' s average value of 57 times and slightly higher than the copper plate level ' s average value of 34 times, has been given an increased rating, and commodity prices have fallen sharply.
The company was founded in 1986 as the Shanghai County Minerals Company.
The company began to grow nationwide in 2000 and acquired a range of domestic minerals, such as the Gilling Sungwang Copper Mine, the Guizhou Mercury Copper Mine, and the Xinjiang Ashele Copper Mine. It was listed in Hong Kong in 2003 and joined the Canadian Peak Mining Company in 2005.
In 2008, the company returned to a stock market, and in 2015, the company accelerated the process of internationalization. A series of overseas mergers and acquisitions were made, followed by acquisitions of the Baric (New Guinea) company, the Democratic Republic of the Congo Kinkamoa, the Serbian timok copper mine, and the Tibetan dragon copper industry, which became home-grown and of high-quality minerals.
One of the most resource-rich enterprises. Minxi Hang State Asset Management Ltd. is the first shareholder in the company, and the State Finance Committee in Haut Hang County, Fujian province, is the public figure 2: The stock structure of the violet mining industry
The company’s main base of gold, copper, zinc resource reserves and mineral production have entered the country’s top three major mining industries.The company has major mining investment projects in 14 provinces (regions) in the country and 12 countries abroad.
A group of large-scale active mines, such as the Por copper mine, the Vuritica gold mine in Colombia, and the world-class and high-grade mines, such as the Tibetan dragon copper mine, the Congolese Kamoa copper mine, and the Serbian timok copper gold mine, with the Kamoa copper and metal reserves of 4,369 million tons, the largest in Africa and the world.
The fourth largest copper mine. The company produces more than half of its overseas gold, copper, zinc resource reserves and minerals, or close to one third of the total group ' s total, with a profit contribution of more than one third in the group, becoming one of China ' s largest producers of gold and non-ferrous metal resources and minerals abroad.
Figure 3: The company ' s mineral resources are global, the company ' s overseas resources are of high quality, and the newly acquired Colombian Vuritica gold mine is the world-class ultra-high-grade gold mine, with an average grade of 9.3 g/t, well above the global average of 1.19 g/t of primary gold;
At the end of June 2020, the company owned 2,139 tons of gold, 62.72 million tons of copper and 8.39 million tons of copper.
Tons of zinc, of which gold resources exceed the national central bank ' s gold reserves (by the end of February 2020, the central bank ' s gold reserves were approximately 1,948.32 tons), and copper resources exceed half of the domestic total, providing a strong resource base for companies to cross the development stage.
Corporate activity is stable, and production and sales are growing year by year. Companies, though in a cyclical industry, have been growing steadily in terms of their income and output, and net profits, while partly affected by commodity price fluctuations, have remained profitable, even in most of the industry.
The loss in 2015 was still profitable, with companies earning $83.1 billion in the first half of 2020, an increase of 23 per cent, and net profits of $2.42 billion, a 30 per cent increase in the same year. The company achieved a steady increase in the production of metal minerals, with mining gold rising from 28 tons in 2011 to 2019.
The production of mineral copper rose from 84,000 tons in 2011 to 370,000 tons in 2019, while the production of mineral zinc rose from 35,000 tons in 2011 to 374,000 tons in 2019, with copper growing almost fivefold and zinc increasing nearly tenfold.
In terms of profitability of mineral products, while commodity prices fluctuate with the cycle, the prices of product sales remain above the corporate cost line and maintain high levels of Maori, with mineral gold at 41 per cent in 2019. Figure 6: Cost and price of company mineral sales
Figure 7: Costs and prices of company mineral copper sales The cost of company minerals has been at a low level, benefiting from high-quality company mineral resources on the one hand, and stringent company cost controls, maintenance of lower company mineral costs and mineral gold costs on the other.
While previously around $150/g, the cost of mineral gold has risen to $173/g over the past two years due to the decline in the production of purple gold mountains; mineral copper costs 18,000 yuan/tonne in 2019 and is expected to decrease further in the future with the production of mines such as Ka Moa, a high-grade mine.
Figure 8: Cost and price of company mineral zinc sales Figure 9: Corporate Māori Curve Gold, with mineral gold accounting for more than 50 per cent of revenue and profits in 2016 and with lead zinc and copper plates after 2016
There has been a significant increase in volume production, corporate revenue has begun to move towards industrial copper, lead and zinc, and mining in 2019 accounted for about 40 per cent of the company ' s revenues and profits, and public future production growth has come mainly from copper plates, with a further increase in revenue and profit ratios in the future.
Figure 10: Companies ' main mineral collections (millions of yuan) Figure 11: Companies ' main mineral products Māori (billions of yuan) Mergers and acquisitions have continued in recent years, debt levels have risen and companies have been able to transfer debt through fixed increases, etc.
By financing instruments, the firm ' s cash flow has been stabilized, its asset-liability ratio has remained essentially at a reasonable level, with an asset-liability ratio of around 60 per cent in 2020. On the other hand, with higher corporate output and higher commodity prices, the firm ' s operating cash flow has steadily increased, with net operating cash inflows of $10.6 billion in 2019.
The net profit is now $4.28 billion.1 Management has a strategic vision to buy up high-quality resources against the cycle.1 Companies have achieved resource reserves in recent years and mineral production has grown rapidly, largely as a result of the company ' s 2015 growth
The company’s management had a strategic vision of maintaining a profitable and healthy cash flow in 2015, when commodity prices fell to the bottom, and the entire industry was largely in a state of loss, and at that time it had acquired high-quality resources abroad. In December 2014, the company had a $7,791 million in purchases.
Low-cost acquisition of 51 per cent of the Koluwezi Musonoy copper mine from the Chinese friend cobalt industry: 50 per cent of the Powgra gold mine from Barrick gold in May 2015; 49.5 per cent of the Kamua stock from Eiffon-Hull in December 2015; and an additional 34 million in July 2016
The US dollar acquired 21% of Kolwezi Musonoy’s shares. The company’s 2015-2016 acquisitions laid a solid foundation for the rapid development of the company behind it, with the Koluwezi copper mine completed in 2017, rapidly becoming the company’s main mine and profit point, growing to 100,000 tons of copper concentrate each year.
It was the fourth largest undeveloped copper mine in the world, with large reserves, high grades, excellent resource endowments, and the company's future largest acquisition of evsun and rtbor for $350 million, respectively, and a step-by-step expansion of high-quality copper resources and an increase in mineral copper production.
Gold acquisition, which secured 100% of the company’s gold production with $1.33 billion, ensured that the company would continue to take the lead. In 2020, the company acquired the largest dragon copper mine in the country, with $3.88 billion in gold, the largest copper mine in the country, and the most potential copper mine in the country.
With the country’s high-quality copper resources, the company’s future copper plates will be moving rapidly. Thanks to the company’s massive acquisition of high-quality mineral resources in recent years, the company’s resource reserves and mineral production have grown rapidly.
Tons, copper reserves, 57.25 million tons, and zinc reserves, 8.55 million tons. Production has also grown rapidly, with copper and zinc production rising from 84,000 tons, 35,000 tons, and 375,000 tons, respectively.
The company’s ability to operate mines is another important factor in its growth, with its autonomy and management, and its commitment to low-cost, high-tech and cost-effective mining models. The company has established the only national priority laboratory in the gold sector in the country, creating a system of technological innovation and a system of first-rate purple gold.
The company explores the development of an “ores flow” project, guided by the idea of economic mining and systems engineering, which combines the five links of surveying, mining, mineral selection, smelting and environmental protection, with process control, which is linked to the overall goal of maximizing economic and social benefits.
Innovative models for the management of the ore stream in the same direction. Innovative models for the management of the ore stream in the same direction.
Green and efficient development of a group of mines, such as gold and copper mines in the Guiju region, silver and mercury caves, copper mines in Xinjiang, gold and copper mines in Jilin at dawn; and gold and copper mining in the Congo (Kulwezi) outside the country as a model for the construction and transport of mining camps in Africa, with the realization of Zelavshan, Norton fields, Australia, and purple copper industry in Serbia
Experience in low-grade mining development. When the company was based in the country, the end of the resource was not an advantage of the company, the gold copper mine in the public domain was less than 0.5% of the copper, and the gold was less than 0.4q/ton.
Other high-quality copper gold mines abroad, which were also considered to be of low-to-medium value in the industry at one time. But the company, through its own excellent mine management model, led the smelting technology, successfully made the purple gold gold gold mine the largest high-quality copper gold mine in the country, producing gold in the early years.
Sixteen tons of copper and about 20,000 tons of copper (the “Bronze Up”, which currently produces 2 tons of gold and 80,000 tons of copper), the management model of mountain operations, advanced smelting techniques, are key to the company’s continued growth. Efficient and capable of implementation.
It took the company two years to complete the cut-off and to complete the completion of the product, and it started production in the second half of 2017, compared to the other companies, which moved by 3-5.
In 2017, the company completed 20,000 tons of copper concentrate in Kolwezi, while the company immediately started a second phase of construction, with a productive capacity of 100,000 tons in 2018, making it one of the most successful overseas investment projects in purple gold. The company is currently working on the development of Kamua, the dragon.
Mines such as copper, which are expected to be operational in 2021, are expected to be ready for production with the implementation and efficiency of purple gold. Figure 20: Rapid progress in the construction of Kolwezi, management capacity and smelting technology, which allows low-cost development of the mine, magic in its decaying and company transport.
Efficient and effective implementation can quickly make resources more efficient. Companies, the most growing of the country’s national companies in recent years, are moving from domestic mining poles to international leading mining firms.
In recent years, the company has actively deployed high-quality resources abroad to enhance its own resource endowments. The company currently has major mining investment projects in 14 provinces and 12 countries abroad, mostly along the “one-way” route. The newly acquired Colombian Vuritica gold mine is a world-class super-highweight.
Gold ore, with an average grade of 9.3 g/t, is well above the global average of 1.19 g/t of primary gold ore; Congolese Kamoa copper ore, with an average grade of 2.53%, of which more than 7 million tons of copper ore are above 7%, the world’s fourth-highest copper ore. The company also owns the Powgra gold ortimok gold ore in Papua New Guinea.
A group of world-class high-grade copper mines.1 Gold: Supplementing superior resources, yielding a steady gain of 2,000 tons, is the largest reserve of gold in China’s listed companies. The company’s core is yellow.
The gold mine projects are mainly for gold mining in Fukugi, gold and copper mining in Gilling, silver and water cave gold in Guizhou, gold mining in Luoyangyu, gold fields outside Australia, gold mining in Vuritika, Colombia, gold mining in Tajikstan, Gilao Taro, gold mine on the left bank of Kyrgyzstan, etc. The company is moving forward in Serbia.
The construction of the timok copper gold mine, which boosts the capacity of a number of incremental projects such as the Paddington gold mine in Australia, the Gansu-Nam Lee gold mine and the Shan-xi gold mine, is expected to continue to increase the company ' s gold production.
The Bogra gold mine, the second largest mine in Papua New Guinea, is one of the 10 largest gold mines in the world, and the miners have an interest in 8.83 tons of mineral gold, the company ' s largest overseas gold project.