In 2023, net profits increased steadily, with copper producing for the first time more than a million tons a year.
Non-ferrous / industrial / ton, + 3 per cent; mineral and silver production, 412 tons, + 4 per cent.
The construction of new projects is proceeding in an orderly manner, with a rapid focus on the growth of new energy sources Copper: the third phase of the Congolese Kamoa and the accompanying 500,000 tons of copper smelters are expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2024, when the capacity will rise to over 600,000 tons of copper; and the development of the lower mining belt of the Chukalu-Pej copper mine
Ten thousand tons of copper; the new merger of the Juno copper mine project in the second half of 2023 is moving fast and will form 100,000 gold in the future: the tidal gold mine is fully operational, the Xinjiang Savaton gold mine is 2.4 million tons, the construction of the selection project is under way, and the development of the gold mine in Gansu and the South Purple gold mountain is proceeding in an orderly manner; Papua New Guinea
In December 2023, the Bogra gold mine was officially reactivated, and the first alloy after birth is expected to produce in the first quarter of 2024. Lithium: 100 per cent holding of the diamond mine in Hunandu County, 300,000 tons of the recovery system.
Three-quarterly review of the gold mine (601899.sh): the three-quarter profit ring is clearly mentioned. Two three-month period of 5 million tons of refined metallurgical systems were prepared in an orderly fashion, and the first phase of the 30 lithium salt lake project in Argentina produced the semi-annual assessment of the gold mine (601899.sh): the cost of the mines rose.
The first phase of the lithium carbonate project was successful with a test-drilling of 20,000 tons and the rapid advance of Lithium Salt Lake in Lago, Tibet.
Investment Recommendations: Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
Minerals have diversified their layout, with clear medium- and long-term growth paths, and are expected to join the world’s top-notch international mining industry in the future, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. 21.1 billion won net return profits are expected in 2023, compared to 5.28%.
A net profit of $21.3 billion, or +9.06 per cent, of the non-mortality margin was realized. Of this, 2304 is expected to realize a net return profit as a result of the company ' s share of the cost and impairment losses at year ' s end. -2.39 per cent; mineral zinc (lead) production, 467,000 tons, or +3 per cent; and mineral silver production, 412 tons, or + 4 per cent.
1.11 million tons, or +9.9 per cent; 470,000 tons of mineral zinc (lead), or 0.6 per cent; 420 tons of mineral silver, or 1.9 per cent; 25,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalent; 0.9 million tons of mineral molybdenum.
The company aims to establish a “green high-tech international mining group” by 2030, with the following core strategic orientations: 1) globalization, project megaization, asset securitization; 2) focus on mining, resource priorities and synergistic development; 3) total annual production of 450 tons, with an annual compound increase of about 5%.
The company ' s 2030 vision is that the mining plate will continue to function and the new energy material plate will become a new growth force: the company controls a combined stock of resources, production of major products, sales revenues, size of assets, profits, etc., with lithium entering the top 10 places in the world; and carbon peaking in 2029, based on the continued expansion of the company ' s size;
With the full implementation of an advanced global operating management system and a sustainable development system for esg, which essentially results in global mining industry competitiveness and comparative competitive advantages, the goal of a “green high-tech international mining group” has been achieved. New corporate projects have been built in an orderly fashion, with a rapid focus on new energy sources.
The joint expansion was implemented ahead of schedule, with a total of 450,000 tons of mineral copper per year and an additional 500,000 tons per year. The copper smelter is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2024, when the capacity will rise to over 600,000 tons of copper; the copper smelter at Sevybor will be converted to production, new flood routes in the vk mine, Chukalu-Peji copper.
The development of the lower belts of the gold mine has progressed steadily; the Tibetan dragon copper mine has been expanded in second phase, and the mining of the Dobble Mountain copper mountain has progressed in an orderly manner. On August 21, 2023, the company acquired new copper deposits in Tibet with an additional share of 1.72 million tons, the company's copper resources will exceed 75 million tons, and the Juno copper mine is expected to advance rapidly and will form 100,000 in the future.
A 100 per cent interest-holding project in Ecuador, involving a significant development potential. The newly acquired Robber gold mine in Suriname was profitable only one month after it was handed over in February 2023, a test vehicle was built for pressure oxidation of the Tajik Zelav Chantalo gold mine, and a full line was opened for binduli in Norton Goldfield, Australia.
The launch was effective; the tidal gold mine in the Bay of the Western Utility was fully operational, the newly acquired Xinjiang Savaton gold mine was launched with the construction of 2.4 million tons of gold from the Xinjiang mine and the development of the gold mine in Gansu-Sao-Yung gold mountain was carried out in an orderly manner; and the Guinea Pogra gold mine was officially reactivated in December 2023 and the first alloys after the birth are expected to be re-established in December 2023.
Production in the first quarter of 2024. Ten thousand tons of smelting systems were prepared in an orderly fashion, 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year were produced from the first phase of the Argentine Lithium Salt Lake 3q project, the first phase of which was successfully tested, and the misdirected lithium salt lake in Lago, Tibet, was quickly advanced.
The two-wheel drive has been steadily implemented, with rapid processes such as the Dobble Mountain Winds Project, the Kzul Soura Project, the Battery and the Storage Energy Project accelerating, the strategic extension of the energy-enabled transformation of the new energy materials industry, and the core minerals.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free of any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.