Colum Pharmacy (002422.sz) The pharmaceutical chromosome iii, we appreciate that the company ' s long-term performance maintains robust growth and is likely to be over-expected for the following reasons:
First of all, we look forward to the company's copying of the product in the 4+7 context. First, the company's R & D input is among the highest in the country (over 1.1 billion R & D investment in 2018) compared to its major pharmaceutical companies, such as Hsing Siu and Sunny, but for the time being it does not have an advantage in marketing promotion.
But the introduction of a national procurement policy and the firm determination of the regulatory authorities have completely subverted the rules of the industry, greatly weakening the role of marketing in the marketing of generic drugs. At the same time, the vast majority of corporate imitations have “material-agent integration” production capacity, lower production costs, and competitive bidding for bulk purchases.
The company has a cost advantage. It is expected that it will be able to use the policy ' s fast-disbursing power. Second, the company ' s management has a far-reaching strategic vision and strong enforcement, with three strategies presented at the beginning of the market, and the first two have now been perfected, with excellent cost advantages and market capabilities, in the large fluids and resistances.
In the field of generics and new drug research and development, we believe that companies have a high success rate in copying the first two rounds, and that companies can also access new incremental markets through high R & D inputs and low-cost strategies. In 2018, companies such new priorities as the Acetic Esciplana contributed 697 million yuan, which we expect to be able to do in 19 years.
With 1.6 billion dollars in revenue, nearly 150 million net profits, about 3 billion in 2020, and nearly 4-450 billion net profits, representing 20% of its net profits for the year, it will be a new growth point in business beyond the big fluids and raw materials. Second, we see the Trentin project’s performance elasticity.
In 2018, the company achieved a yield of 18,000 tons, a net profit of $3.5 billion, and a net profit of $609 million. The company's performance elasticity in the Trunchin project came from two sources.
Xiao Xinjin, a highly leveraged enterprise that only results from an increase in cannery production as a result of process improvements, which leads to a reduction in the amount of old products, can result in a significant increase in the company’s performance.
The price of all three products is at a relatively low level, and we judge that environmental regulation will become a long-term trend in the raw materials and intermediate industries, with competitors either increasing their environmental inputs or dropping out of production capacity, which can increase the price of their products and thus create great elasticity in their performance. We measure, sulfur red, 7-aca, penicillin, 6-apa prices.
Collen Pharmaceuticals: Dappositing, formulation boards, and, finally, long-term, corporate innovation medicine. Innovative drug research and development requires products, talent, and funding.
Anaesthetic pain, anti-infection, etc. The fastest progress in the company’s research and development pipeline for innovative drugs and bio-like drugs is now a140 (Sitosha monobiology), which is in the clinical stage of the iii phase and is expected to be approved in 2021: also, research and development of products such as pd-l1 and third-generation her2dc are actively advanced.
As a result, we believe that the company’s large infusion plates are growing steadily, and that the increase in the production of the Choonning raw materials project will continue to raise profits, both of which will provide the company with a high level of profit base and a stable cash flow.
Now, provide companies with sustained performance assurance. Rapid release (2) Major Infusion Block product structure upgrades drive Māori rates and income up to a new step (3) Ishasha I. Kawaning's full production brings a steady cash flow to the company (4) a valued premium for the company’s leading industry to buy-a-building
First, the firm pursuit of a “triple-drive” strategy, a fast growth in corporate non-net profits, was preceded by the Sichuan Collon drug plant, created in 1996 and listed in June 2010.
In addition, the company owns 10 varieties of antibiotics intermediates, 4 varieties of 7 prescribed medical devices. The company actually controls the director, Liu Renovation.
26.33% of the division ' s shares: the Chairman ' s son, Liu Shichuan (Coherent Actors), held a combined share of 3.36%. and the Māori ratio increased significantly, mainly as a result of the company ' s promotion of industrial upgrading, the continued optimization of the structure of the large liquid product, and the combination of four additional drugs to achieve strong union; and (2) the Tsunning Project breakthrough, the release of the intermediate capacity of antibiotics, business income and gross
In 2018, while the company’s sales costs continued to rise, the growth in operating income offsets the increase in costs, in the form of a strong rebound in non-net profits. We believe that the sales costs are expected to remain relatively stable until the company’s non-revenue agent business matures, and the profits will increase at a higher rate.
The share of big infusions in corporate income has declined each year, but due to the relatively high Māori ratio of large infusions, the Māori end still accounts for a significant share of the big infusion. As the future layout of the company’s non-infusion agent product has evolved, we believe that the company has a significant infusion.
The dependence of the plate will be further reduced, and the three lines of business are expected to grow together. Since the company was listed, it has been firmly pursuing a “triple-driven” development strategy, (1) the first engine - the Great Infusion Business: to consolidate and strengthen the overall advantages of the IDU cluster, including the big infusion, through continuous industrial upgrading and product restructuring.
Continue to be the firm's absolute leader in the field of fluids; (2) second engine - antibiotic intermediates/materials: building competitive advantages in the entire industry chain of antibiotics from intermediates, raw materials to formulations through innovative development and use of high-quality natural resources such as water, coal and by-products; and (3) third engine - non-infusion agents: building and diversifying through R & D systems
Technological innovation, research and development of high-technology content such as imitation pharmaceuticals, innovative small molecular drugs, new delivery systems, and biotechnological drugs. Overall, the layout of the company’s large infusion plates and antibiotic intermediates/material plates, which are cash cows of the company and support the development of non-infusion formulations, is almost complete.
Second, non-infusion agents: the third engine was activated, driving growth in performance, and Dr. Wang Jing Wing, a multi-year drug research and development experience, joined the Collon Pharmaceuticals industry, with the help of which the company identified a study on imitation for innovation.
The strategy led to the rapid formation of a research and development team and a technology platform, with the Chengdu Institute at its core, with Suzhou, Tianjin, and the New Jersey Research Institute in the United States as two-wing intensive R & D systems, with the company ' s agent development moving into the fast track.
The share of pharmaceutical projects will gradually increase, leading to a re-upgrading of the company ' s product structure. (i) Simultaneous pharmaceuticals: profit belt purchases, hope of overcrowding, after years of sedimentation and accumulation, the company has now reached a national lead in the field of generics, as of 27 May 2019
On that day, there were 10 different types of companies, after Chiru’s Pharmacy, Restar Medicine, and Huahai Pharmacy. As a latecomer in the field of pseudopharmaceutics, companies may not have a temporary advantage in marketing promotion compared to other traditional pharmaceutical companies in the country, but the introduction of quantitative procurement policies and the firm determination of the regulatory authorities to enforce them have completely subverted the rules of the industry’s game and weakened it.
At the same time, most of the company’s generics have the capacity to produce “material-formulation integration” with lower production costs and a cost advantage in competitive bidding for volume purchases. Taken together, companies have been able to evaluate varieties that have been evaluated consistently, with the prospect of a rapid roll-out of policy.
In addition, there are a number of generics in the declared production or other research and development stage, and there are substantial stocks of products, which are expected to be marketed on a scalding scale, which further enhances the company's market competitiveness in the field of generics.In the case of the product category, the company's non-infusion formulations can be classified as “new drugs” (including seven priority varieties such as Coreshu, which were approved in 2017).
Eighteen generics were approved in 2018 and new varieties after 2018) and non-new pharmaceutical preparations. In 2018, the company ' s non-infusion formulation group achieved a revenue of 2,857 million yuan, an increase of 51.14 per cent over the previous year, of which 697 million were the priority new drugs, of which 1,35 per cent were earned, respectively, from Sodium Parre, Domonte, the new product of the intestinal nutrient line, and Acetic Xiplan.
1.39, 208 million yuan. Given the existence of non-new pharmaceutical preparations in 2018 under a two-vote system, we conclude that the income from non-new pharmaceutical preparations in 2019 was almost equal.
West Xi Xi-Plán is mainly used to treat depression and panic disorder. It is a selective 5-hydroxychloride (5-ht) re-ingestion inhibitor (sri), which selectively inhibits the 5-Hydehyde trans-shipment, disrupts the re-ingestion of the tremors for 5-Hydehyde, and extends the 5-Hydone function time, thereby producing an antidepressant effect. West Xi-Plán is an epidrome, which is s-Xi-Plán and r-Si-Pl-Plán.
Two stereoisomers are mirrored, and s-Xi-Plan is the only antidepressant. There are two types of Western Xi-Plan that the company has unanimously evaluated: Acetic Xi-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-P-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-P-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-A-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P
Xi-Xi-Xi-Pl-Li-Li-Pl-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Pi-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Pi-Li-Li-Li-Li-Pi-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Pi-Li-Li-Li-Li-Pi-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Pi-Pi-Pi-Pi-Li-Li, i-N-N-U-U-U-N-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-N-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-P-P-P-U-P-P-U-P-P-P-P-P-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U.
Over the past century, scientists have successfully developed a variety of antidepressants with different mechanisms, such as selective 5-hydrazine re-ingestion inhibitors, selective adrenaline re-ingestion inhibitors, etc.
5-Hydramine re-ingestion inhibitors (ssri) and 5-Hydoxamine and derenalin re-ingestion inhibitors (snri), both of which together, have remained at about 90% of the market. In recent years, some Ssri markets have been eroded by snri, but Ssri's market share is still far greater than snri, and we believe that Ssri is the largest clinical antidepressant in the longer term.
Analytics, nassa: adrenaline and special 5-hydroxychlorine inhibitors, sari: 5-hydrazine antagonist/recover suppressants, ndri; thyroid adrenaline and dopamine re-ingestion inhibitors, nar: selective adrenaline re-ingestion inhibitors, tca: tricyclic antidepressants.
The former’s market share has long been much higher than the latter, and the gap between the two is widening. In practice, however, there are no significant differences in efficacy and safety, so we believe that as long as producers do not continue to produce, the future will remain a parallel pattern.
According to the progress made in the evaluation of product consistency, three of the Acetic Acids have now been evaluated for consistency (incl. the Colon pharmaceutical industry), and only the Coronian pharmaceutical industry has been evaluated for hydrbromic acid Xi-Plan/Cultac, with the Collen pharmaceutical industry leading in the country in the development of this variety. The largest share of the domestic (Ai-Ai) market is for the original researcher, Lingbei Pharmaceutical, and the city in the market.
The market share of the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry as of 2018 was not high, and it remained at around 10% for many years. In December 2018, the company's herb Acetic Acid was successfully selected for the "4+7-volume procurement" series, which was officially implemented in March 2019.
This year, the sales of the film will be significantly increased, and it will be difficult to complete the 10 million boxes of sales previously set by the company, with the expectation of contributing at least $300 million in sales revenue to the company.
Parrishshare, a cox2 inhibitor, is a non-septic anti-inflammation drug (nsaid), which has the effect of agonizing pain, mainly in short-term treatment of post-operative pain and mitigation of the pain of patients with rheumatological arthritis. Parashab was developed jointly by Pfizer and Famasia, first marketed in Europe in 2002 and entered the Chinese market in 2008. The company obtained cfda in November 2017.
The non-septic anti-inflammation drug is a type of anti-inflammation drug that does not contain the structure of the titanium, which serves primarily as an anti-inflammational pain by curbing the enzyme epoxy (cox). There are two main types of epoxy in the human body, namely, cox1 and cox2.
In this case, the gastric mucous membrane protection is present; the cox2 is the induction enzyme, which is expressed in large numbers only when inflammation occurs and increases pain, pain, and inflammation reactions. Depending on the selection of the epoxy, non-septic anti-inflammants can be divided into two categories: traditional non-pirins, Bloven, etc., and cox2 inhibitors.
Inflammation can be accompanied by side effects such as gastrointestinal lesions, blood tablet inhibitions, and more targeted anti-cox2 drugs can reduce the occurrence of side effects such as gastrointestinal lesions. Thus, the safety of anti-inflammation drugs has a clear advantage over traditional non-septic anti-inflammants and a wider application landscape.
The market for cox2 inhibitors is currently around $2 billion, and has grown steadily in recent years, with a compound annual growth rate of 10.21% between 2014 and 2018. Given the increasing use of painkillers and the advantages of the cox2 suppressants over traditional non-septic anti-inflammants, we believe that the future market for cox2 inhibitors will remain relatively stable.
There are currently four main types of cox2 suppressants on the domestic market: Célesche (Pfizer, listed in the country prior to 2005), Pareschaeb (Pfizer, listed in the country in 2008), Itochoche (Meshadoon, listed in 2008) and Ere Schebb (Hin Swe, listed in 2011). Prior to 2008, the domestic market for cox2 suppressants was monopolized by Pfizer Seri Shaeb.
The market for inhibitors has developed, with Pareeshayb accounting for the largest share of the market, and we believe that the market pattern will now be very low for the country's former researchers — Pfizer, Collen Pharmaceuticals and Chilu Pharmaceuticals — who are now producing batches of Paree Schebbs — and the market share for the Colon Pharmaceuticals and Chiru Pharmaceuticals is very low.
According to the progress of the Paree Scheffer Consistency Evaluation, no firm in the country has passed the Consistency Evaluation, and the Chiru Pharmaceuticals, Collen Pharmaceuticals, Straight Sun, and Heung Swe Pharmaceuticals are at the same pace. The company’s ability to sell in the field of formulations may be inadequate compared to its competitors, but, in the case of bulk purchasing, all companies that pass the Consistency Evaluation are in the same race, and we believe that the company has all of them.
It may be an opportunity to reverse the negative situation and win in a new competitive model.3. Right Metomic fixes: market patterns under the new game rules or remodels. Right Metomi is defined as a highly selective adrenaline receptor agonist, used for whole-body anesthesia patient ' s tubes and
The right metomy was approved for listing in cfda in May 2018, and the conformity evaluation is currently in the process of being declared and is expected to be completed by 2020.
Anaesthesia is a complex process, divided into various stages of induction, maintenance, awakening, and different stages of use of laxative, intoxicant drugs, and there is no complete alternative relationship between the various drugs. The right metomy is used more often to induce anesthesia and the awakening phase. As the only technique to wake up, the right metomy must have a calming effect that resembles natural sleep.
Rapidness, short awakening, combined with a certain anti-anxiety, pain and urinary effect, can reduce the use of anaesthetic pain medications: no visible inhibition to snorting and potential protective properties for organs such as the heart, kidneys, and brain. Since the market, the right metomies have been recommended for surgical, anaesthesia, icu, auxiliary examinations, ophthalmology, paediatrics, etc.
The current market size of the country’s right-hand Metomy is around 2.5 billion yuan, and has slowed down in the last two years. According to the Commission’s statistics, the number of surgeries in our medical institutions has risen rapidly over the last 10 years, and we have not yet seen a slowdown in growth, which is a fundamental driver of the growth of the drug market, so we believe that, as an important member of the drug, the right-right Metomy has done so.
By 2018, the largest supplier in the country’s right-hand Metomy was determined to be Henzi Medicine, with a market share of more than 80% a year. The opening of the bulk procurement model may break the market pattern.
In addition, many businesses are actively promoting the right-wing Metomi consistency assessment. Once more firms pass the consistency evaluation, the industry pattern will change again, and the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry is expected to take a share in the battle.
First, compared to the big pharmaceutical companies in the country, such as Hsing-swee, Jin-hsing, and the big ones, their R & D power and inputs are in the same line as their competitors (1.1 billion R & D in 2018), but their marketing capacity is slightly weak. In the 4 + 7 context, companies can capture some of their share of the market through a large variety of consistent evaluations.
There is no shortage of large varieties, such as the right-wing Metomy, and the cost of marketing will be significantly reduced as a result of integration, so that the company’s profits from imitation will increase significantly. Second, the company’s management has a far-reaching strategic vision and strong enforcement, with three strategies proposed at the beginning of the market, the first two of which are now fully realized, with excellent cost advantages and market capacity in the areas of large infusions and antibiotics.
In the area of generics and new drug research and development, we believe that companies have a higher success rate in copying the first two rounds, and that companies can also acquire new incremental markets through high R & D inputs, low-cost strategies. In 2018, new priorities, such as corporate acetic Xi-Plan films, generated 697 million yuan in pharmaceutical contributions, which we expect to contribute 1.6 billion dollars in 19 years, nearly 160 million net profits, and 2020 Gon.
(ii) Innovative Drugs & Biological Similarities: Huts are sharp, waiting for flowers to bloom and smell their noses The company currently has several innovative and biologically similar drugs at various stages of development, with faster progress being made in a140 (Sittoxin, monobiotic analogues) and kl-a167 (pd-l1, man-source control units) in clinical ii and ii, respectively.
One. Sidor has a single resistance: Colon is expected to be the first to go on the market a140 is a similar anti-septic organism. Sidor has a single anti-septic target against the egfr human rats, the first igg1 drug to be marketed globally, mainly in conjunction with the chemotherapy drug, Elilycom.
The treatment of egfr, transient rectum cancer after unsuccessful treatments with typhoid typhoids, can also be used for the treatment of cervical stair cells, cancers of the nose, cancers of non-small cell lung cancers, etc., was developed by Imclone, originally listed in Switzerland in 2003 and entered the Chinese market in 2006: Merk, Rey, bms, among them for global sales.
The domestic market was sold jointly by Merk and Bringer Ingham, and since it was listed, the sales of Sidor has risen rapidly and has been stable since 2011, reaching a sales peak of $2.20 billion in 2014, and since then, due to factors such as the expiry of patents, the sales of Sidordol have fallen to $1.6 billion.
By region, Europe and America are the main battlegrounds of the Western past, with a combined market share close to 90%, and the Chinese region is expected to increase its market share considerably after domestic bio-like drugs are marketed. In terms of domestic markets, the size of the Western past market has been on the rise overall in recent years, with fluctuations in the rate of growth in different years.
In October 2018, a new national health-care catalogue was negotiated in West Tosshaw, which is expected to stimulate further growth in future market sales. The sales of West Tosses to the West are far smaller than the super-pound varieties of Adam Mox and Curtodules, so that most international drug companies have focused on the development of biologically similar drugs in favor of head to head resistance, given the large number of mono-resistant patents that have expired.
There is not much enthusiasm for the development of anti-septic anti-septic drugs, which are currently being developed by only six companies abroad. From the national perspective, there are now more than 10 companies entering the research and development track for anti-septic anti-septic anti-septic drugs in the west.
2 pd-l1 anti-drugs: The first of the hundreds of billions of markets for immunotherapy, pd-l1 anti-cancer is a type of anti-cancer drug whose mechanism of action is similar to the pd-1 anti-cancer, which interferes with the interaction of the tumor cell pd-l1 proteins with the t-pd-1 proteins, thus eliminating the immune flight of the tumor cells and restoring the t-to-cancer.
The difference between the lethality of cells is that pd-1 units are combined with pd-1 proteins on the surface of the t-cell, and pd-l1 with the pd-l1 proteins on the surface of the tumor. In theory, pd-1 units and pd-l1 units are similar, but in actual clinical use, pd-l1 units are also active for partially unresponsive patients on the surface of the pd-l1 units, so both types of drugs are effective.
As one of the most exciting oncological treatment programs in recent years, since December 2014, when the world’s first pd-1 drug drug was marketed, the world’s pd-1/pd-l1 drug market has rapidly emerged and is now about $14 billion in size, and is projected to be in 2030.
It will grow to $78.9 billion, with a compound annual growth rate of 29.68 per cent between 2015 and 2030. The first pd-1/pd-l1 drug was marketed domestically in June 2018, slightly later than in Europe and America, but without affecting the fast-growing trend. The domestic market for pd-1/pd-l1 drugs is expected to be close to $100 billion in 2030, with wide market space.
There are currently 5 pd-1 anti-drugs on the market, none of the pd-l1 anti-drugs have been approved, and the most rapid of the anti-drugs are at the stage of listing, both Artillery and Dewaru in Aslicon. In addition, a number of pharmaceutical companies are actively developing the pd-1/pd-l1 anti-drugs at different stages of development.
At present, the company ' s pd-l1 human-sourced monocrysis (kl-a167) is undergoing several clinical trials, of which the more advanced are non-Hodgkin lymphoma and nasal cancer, which are in clinical stage ii; clinical trials for other types of cancer are clinical stage I. As the product progresses, the company is expected to have a seat on the domestic market for the pd-1/pd-l1 drug in the next three to five years.
A166: The world's first generation of small-scale lysine molecules with innovative connections and highly active toxins.
The anti-cancer activity in different her2 levels of expression and Hersedine resistant animal tumour models is significantly better than that of the same type of drug that has been placed on the market, and has good blood stability and oncological target orientation, while achieving a high activity toxin load with good safety and tolerance. The product is currently at the stage of clinical trials.
A168: Remo's single antibiotic. Remo's single anti-drug is the world's first human source of the vegfr2, which has been developed with the aim of containing tumours by curbing oncological vascular production. In 2014, it was approved in the United States, Japan and the European Union, and is currently the only drug for the treatment of stomach cancer that does not require screening of patients.
Drugs, which can also be used for the treatment of rectum cancer and non-small cell lung cancer. To date, no anti-drugs have been marketed in the country (excluding Hong Kong and Aotearoa). The company ' s a168 is the first Remo antibiotic similar drug to have been approved for clinical trials in the country.
The drug has been shown to be effective in animal models for various physical tumours, such as pancreas, lung, ovary, stomach, rectum, liver, etc.; it has a better activity than Gisita and Kapaytabin, with significant co-benefits with Solafini; it has been effective in the pancreatic cancer model for gypsy resistance; the toxic spectrum is similar to gypsy. The product is currently in the clinical trial phase of the hysteria phase and is expected to be on the market in the future.
The treatment of high malignant tumours in the country offers more choice of medication. kl1300008: The innovative little molecule Jak inhibitor developed by the subsidiary Klembotet, immunologically regulated by the jak-stat signal circuit, is intended for treatment of rheumatism arthritis. Jak inhibitor is the only treatment of rheumatism that has been approved globally.
Inflammation of small molecular targets has the advantage of improving conditions, safety, oral ease of use of drugs, as compared to traditional treatments and biological anti-rheavy drugs. Non-clinical research data show that kl130008 is a highly selective inhibition of jak critical enzyme activity, leading to a significant reduction in the incidence of rheumatological arthritis, coupled with good safety and tolerance. The product is currently in a clinical trial phase.
kl2800006: The coronbotai subsidiary developed a biweekly k receptor agonist-type agonist drug, which, while achieving effective pain relief, avoids the adverse effects of central pain medication and is intended for acute pain (e.g. post-operative pain) treatment. Non-clinical research data shows that the mechanism for injecting fluids in the actual kl2800006 is clear, and that the external biweekly receptors are highly affinity and selective and do not have easy access to the blood-brain barrier.
The pain is precise, with good safety and tolerance, adverse effects such as heartless, respiratory, and central nervous system. There is currently no out-of-the-week selective k receptor agonist drug on the market. The product is in the first stage of a clinical trial and is expected to be new in this area. kl100137: A completely new structure of the small chemical molecule intravenous drug developed by the Sichuan Collen Institute of Medicine is new.
The non-clinical results show that the product is effective, induced, fast and stable, unaccumulated after sustained injection, rapidly awakening after surgery, no visible respiratory and cardiovascular inhibition and overdose.
Reversed by Felmasini, etc. The product has now received a clinical trial batch approved by cfda. a157: a similar drug for the Romistin organisms (reassembled human platelet production of pelican-fc blended proteins), with the same mechanism of action as the intra-source blood platelet production agent (tpo), which induces meganucleic cells to multiply, mature and contain their death and increases the number of blood platelets.
Romistine was first listed in Australia in 2008 for second-line treatment for immuno-spray-reduced violet. To date, there has been no listing of Romistine and its biological analogues. Non-clinical research data show that the product is similar to Romistin’s functioning mechanisms, pharmaceutical efficacy, drug substitution characteristics, and safety.
(iii) Strengthened marketing teams, research and development, and marketing in parallel with the company ' s marketing of pharmaceutical products, especially innovative drugs, which have been actively formed in recent years. By the end of 2018, the number of sales workers had grown to 808 and sales had been significantly enhanced for future new drugs
Accordingly, the company’s sales costs have also increased rapidly in recent years, and as the future distribution layout is gradually completed, the growth in sales costs will gradually slow back to normal levels.
(i) Industry growth has slowed, and the Colon Leader has a strong position, and the major infusion fluids are an important branch of the injection, usually the liquid sterilizer formulations with a capacity of 50 ml and are fed directly by intravenous drips. Due to their rapid efficacy and ease of use, their clinical use is very high and is the most commonly used formulation in medical institutions.
In 2000, the State imposed a mandatory gmp on the production of large infusions, prohibiting hospitals from producing large infusion agents themselves. Since then, the country has seen a golden decade of growth in large infusion production enterprises, especially head companies. The market for large infusions has grown rapidly, with a combined annual growth rate of 12.65 per cent in the use of large infusions in the country from 2000 to 2011.
Clinical Application Management Practices (Application Draft), which strictly controlled the use of antibiotics, followed by a series of “restriction-restrictive orders” in the following years. The growth of the market for large fluids has slowed considerably since 2011, owing to a combination of negative factors. After decades of development, the domestic market for large fluids has become relatively mature, and policy constraints have led to a less rapid market growth in the future, considering the large fluids.
We believe that in the future, the volume of big infusion products will be in a low-growth range of about 5%. In the big infusion industry, the concentration of markets in Europe, the US, Japan, etc. is very clear, with small and large in number of infusion producers.
In Europe, the big infusion market has been largely dominated by four major companies, Fesenius, Belang, Bermuda, and Famasia; in Japan, Oskar is responsible for about 50% of the market share. And our big infusion producing firms are large, small, and the industry is less concentrated.
In the period 2011-2015, the concentration of the country’s major infusion markets increased, with the top 20 producing companies becoming the absolute leader of the country’s large infusion industry. According to five major infusion products,
The market share of the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry has remained at around 50 per cent, with four drugs growing faster in recent years, rising to two in 2018. By the end of 2018, the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry and its subsidiaries together held 19.18 per cent of the equity in four drugs of stone, a strong union that further consolidated the company’s dominant position in the field of big fluids.
(ii) Product upgrades, a two-fold rise in revenue from Collon, Māori ratio, overall growth in sales of corporate fluids in recent years, a steady increase in Māori rates and an overall improvement in the business portfolio; at the revenue end, companies have taken a multipronged approach to maintaining robust growth in revenues from large liquids operations: (1) product upgrading leads to unit prices
(ii) Continuous enhancement of the company's shareholding in the area of major infusions and subsidiaries by, inter alia, restructuring of liquid products and strengthening of cost controls; operational reinforcement of resource complementarities to increase the company's leading edge; change of financial equity investment from “saleable financial assets” to “long-term equity investment”, accounting using equity accounting to boost the corporate sector
In recent years, there has been a steady increase in the Māori level of the company’s infusion plates, mainly driven by the upgrading of the package. Large infusion packaging can be divided into four main categories, namely, glass bottles, plastic bottles, non-pvc soft bags, and straight soft bags.
A generation of packaging materials, which is liable to break, heavy weight, pollution, etc. The plastic bottle is a second generation packaging, with a significant increase in the difficulty and weight of the material as compared to the glass bottle, but there is still a problem of secondary contamination. The non-pvc bag belongs to the third generation of packaging. The non-pvc bag does not need to be air-guided when used, as compared to the glass and plastic bottle, because of its scalable nature.
The tubes maintain the internal and external pressure balance of the infusion bag, which is the perfect solution to the persistent secondary contamination of the infusion device. However, the soft bag is not straight enough to allow doctors and nurses to prepare for the medicine before the infusion. The square bag is a new generation of infusion containers developed independently by the company, which achieves a straightforward placement on the basis of non-pvc bags, with the advantages of plastic bottles and ordinary bags.
Due to differences in the physico-chemical properties of the various packaging materials, over a decade of development, our market for large fluids has basically been able to replace plastic bottles with glass bottles. Soft bags have grown rapidly in recent years, and have gradually begun to replace plastic bottles.
The market share has also been gradually increasing since Soft Bag came into existence, although it is not yet very high, but there is room for further growth in the market share given the unique advantages of the product. The Māori rate for non-pvc and straight bags is higher than the traditional glass and plastic bottles, and therefore the replacement of packaging material has directly contributed to the increase in the Māori level of corporate fluid plates in recent years.
There is still room for a rise in the Māori rate of future corporate infusion products. Depending on the clinical use of the product, large infusion formulations can be divided mainly into general infusion, nutrient infusion, therapeutic infusion, blood capacity Expanding in the use of fluids and dialysis in the five main categories of infusion.
According to the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry, the Māori rate of therapeutic and nutrient infusions is higher than the average infusion, while the company has had a large number of therapeutic and nutrient infusion products on the market for the last two years.
In addition, the company has been gradually strengthening the production management of large infusion products, reducing production costs through fine management, and promoting the antibiotic intermediate: costs, environmental advantages, followed by the birth of the big infusion, and the emergence of the golden cow.
Antibiotics consist of 13 sub-categories, dominated by headscarves, penicillin, and large cyclic esters. According to Chinacon mhc, the combined market share in 2015 was as high as 85%. In terms of the production path, the penicillin industry salt, 7-acca and sulfur cyanide (sulfur red) are the dominant intermediates for the three types of antibiotics, and the intermediates are crops such as maize, soybeans and soybeans.
The global market for antibiotics is now about $45 billion in the end market. The development of antibiotics has been going on for nearly a century now, with products and markets relatively mature, but the market as a whole is still low because of clinical treatments against rigid demand for antibiotics.
Central to the consolidation of the industrial chain up and down, the whole industry chain has been largely configured. Through collaboration among the sub-divisions, the competitive edge of the corporate whole industry chain of antibiotics is gradually emerging.
Tons of sulfur red, 3,300 tons of 7-acá, 5,000 tons of penicillin industrial salt and 6,600 tons of 6-apa production capacity, leading the industry. Ishakawaning is located north-west of Xinjiang, close to the Central-Haq border. Companies take advantage of the geographical advantages of Ishashakawan to reduce production costs from multiple dimensions, making their products more price-oriented in the context of intense market competition. (1) Raw materials: the company is close from Kazakhstan.
Stan purchases fermented raw materials such as soybeans at a price of approximately $3,500 per ton, lower than the price of $4,500 per ton imported soybeans from the United States and Brazil.
Agricultural maize, soybeans, etc., both solve environmental pollution problems and reduce the cost of planting. (2) Direct labour: the cost of labour in Xinjiang is significantly lower than the national average. (3) Manufacturing costs: the cost of energy such as water, electricity, steam, etc. in Xinjiang.
At the start of the Trunchin project, a package of clean-up programmes was designed. After many years of investment, the company has largely solved environmental problems, production pollution has been effectively controlled, and in 2017 it was selected for the first Model List of Green Manufacturing Systems, published by the National Ministry of Industry and Communications, which shows that the company's environmental construction has been effective.
In addition, the company’s sulfur red, 7-aca, 7-adca, and potassium salt from penicillin g were registered in the US in 2018, which means that the company’s antibiotic intermediate operations are expected to open up international markets and provide additional space.
With the release of the capacity of the Trunchin project, the proper operation of environmental facilities, and the increased synergy between the company's antibiotic industry chain up and down, Ishasha Trunchin's business income has increased rapidly in recent years, and it was officially profitable in 2018. At the same time, the overall Māori rate of the business plate will increase, benefiting from the scale of production and its cost spread.
The company's performance is expected to be the company's second cash cow business after a large infusion. Sulphur cyanide sulphate (sulfur red): Sulphur red is the mother core of large cyclic antibiotics, which are mainly used for the treatment of infections such as glands, positive bacterium and schizos, chlamydia, etc., and can also be used as veterinary drugs. The global demand for sulfur red is about 9,000 tons/year.
There are three main suppliers: Ishakawanin, East Sun and Ningxia, of which Ishakawa Ning can produce 3,500 tons/year, East Sunshine 4,000 tons/year, Ningxia won’t recover in the short term due to environmental problems. Overall, the sulfur-red market is better organized and demand is slightly greater than supply, so the prices of products have also risen since 2017, reaching high levels at the end of 2018, and some since 2019.
Reversed. We believe that the first half of 2019 sulfur red prices are normal in the short term, influenced by supply and demand, with future prices 7-aca: 7-acca being the mother nucle most commonly used for first sorghum antibiotics, a wide spectrum of sulfon antibiotics, and better treatment for most bacterial infections. Global demand for 7-acca is about 7,000 tons/year.
The main ones are Ishachinin, Health Dollar, Stone Group, Wichida, with capacity of 3,300 tonnes/year, 2000 tonnes/year, 1600 tonnes/year, and 1,500 tonnes/year. The overall market supply is larger than demand, so the prices of the products have fallen considerably in recent years and are currently at $440/kg of penicillin industrial salt: the meadows industry salt is an important ingredient in the production of semi-synthetic methoxin antibiotics and is also an important ingredient in other antibiotics.
Antibiotics are mainly used to treat infections caused by gland-positive bacteria. Global demand for cytocin is about 70,000 tons/year. There are more domestic producers of this product, such as Henanhua Star, the Stone Group, Chinese North Pharmaceuticals, and so on, with a capacity of 5,000 tons/year. The overall production capacity of the industry is higher than demand, leading to a sustained decline in the prices of products in recent years, but the current prices are close.
6-apa: 6-paa is a precursor to methaline products such as Amosilin, Pukasilin, and the market is about 30,000 tonnes/year. The largest output in domestic enterprises is federal pharmaceuticals, with a capacity of 24,000 tonnes/year; Wichida production capacity is 7,000 tonnes/year, but capacity has been limited due to environmental conservation problems; the company capacity is 6,600 tonnes/year.
Based on the price of products in May 2019 and company business data for 2018, sulfur red, 7-aca, and penicillin workers as a whole, Ishasha Trunchin has a more cost-effective and environmental advantage than his competitors, and we believe that companies are expected to cross the price cycle and become permanent green trees in fierce market competition.
V. Investment logic and profit predictions. We see a strong growth in the company ' s performance over the next three years, with the possibility of over-expanding it: first, we see that the company is emulating the volume of its products in the context of 4+7. First, we see that there is a large domestic presence, such as Chang-suk, the sun, and so on.
The company's R & D strength and input are, in relative proportion, the same as the competitor (1.1 billion R & D inputs in 2018), but its sales capacity is weak. In the context of 4+7, a large number of species evaluated through consistency can capture some of the market's share, including large varieties such as the right metomy, while the cost of sales will be significantly reduced as a result of the integration process.
Second, the company’s management has a far-reaching strategic vision and strong enforcement, and three strategies were introduced at the beginning of the market, and the first two have now been perfected, winning in the field of big fluids and antibiotics with excellent cost advantages and market capacity. In the field of generic and new drug research and development, we believe that companies have a higher success rate in copying the first two rounds, and companies can do the same.
The company's four main varieties in Trunchin correspond to the antibiotic core intermediate, and the company has already produced 18,000 tons a year, yielding a net profit of $609 million. The company's performance is flexible.
In two ways, firstly, companies are more typical high-performing leveraged companies, which simply result from the increase in cannery production as a result of process improvements, thereby leading to a reduction in depreciation per unit of product, which can result in significant business gains for companies. Without considering additional capacity, it is simply that prices are at a relatively low level, and we judge that environmental protection will become a long-term trend for the feedstocks and intermediates industries, and that competitors will compete.
Increased environmental input or exit from productive capacity can increase the price of the product, thus providing great elasticity in performance. We measure, and in the long run, we value the layout of the company’s innovative medicines. Innovative drug research and development needs to be guaranteed in terms of products, talent, and funding.
The results of this innovation are evident (a140 is expected to be the country's first model, pd-l1, overseas authorization, kl-a167 into key clinical ii, US-American synchronisation in the adc project, and Fda orphan drug break-through therapy certification, etc.). The evaluation of drugs and the imperium trials have been rigorous, and Collon has gained significant advantages, and is now ranked third in the country through a consistent evaluation of 16 regulations.
In view of the above, we believe that the company's large infusion plates are growing steadily, and that the increase in the production of the Trunchin raw materials project is making a profit, both of which will lead to a high level of profit base and a stable cash flow for the company, and that the Trunchin project is performing well.
Prospective possibilities. Simultaneous pharmaceutical plates benefit from 4+7-band purchases, and fast growth will be achieved in 2019-2021, contributing to new business growth points. After 2020, corporate innovation started to materialize, providing firm performance assurance over time. (ii) Profit forecasting and valuation
Taking into account the volume of new company-listed therapeutic/nutriental fluid products released in the last two years and the approval of more high-morigin fluids over the next few years, we expect a small increase in the combined Māori rate of the company ' s big fluid plates over the next few years, with revenue from the big infusion plates remaining below 10%, while sales continue to grow at a low rate.
The fine-tuning of production management will further reduce the production costs of the antibiotics intermediates, increase their capacity utilization, and contribute to performance growth. It is expected that the company ' s non-revenue formulations will grow faster and faster, thereby ensuring the sustainability of the growth of corporate performance as a whole. We predict that in 2019, each of the liquid and non-revenue plates will be operational.
A three-year replacement cost valuation of R & D inputs for 2019 and 2020, corresponding to a reasonable valuation for 2019 and 2020, respectively, of the structural upgrading of liquid plate products leading to Mäori rates and a new step in revenue (3) Ishakawa Ning's full production brings a stable cash flow to the company (4) and the industry's flagship valuation premium is offered to the company to buy-a recommendations.
A company’s generics may fall short of the mark in collateral purchases: as more and more firms from each generic drug variety pass through consistent evaluation, competition for volume purchases becomes more intense, and the company’s products run the risk of falling short of the mark.
R & D risks: there is a greater risk of failure in research and development on innovative medicines, and failure in research and development will result in a loss of R & D funds invested in earlier years. The risk of price volatility in antibiotics intermediates: the antibiotics intermediate is a cyclical industry, and the prices of products are subject to cyclical fluctuations.
Create uncertainty about the performance of the company.