Medical Health Research Centre Collon Pharmacy (002422.sz) Purchase (first rating) 3 drivers, innovation future
The Great Infusion Bottom repairs basic surface improvements, and the Matthews effect is expected to guarantee a steady rise in cash flow: the Great Infusion Industry has hit the bottom, the concentration of the industry has increased clearly, prices have recovered gradually, profitability has improved, and companies have focused on varieties, packaging upgrades, and continuously optimized product structures.
Seventy percent of the oligopoly market prices are relatively stable, and in the future companies are replacing low Maori varieties with high Maori varieties, with a steady recovery and increase in average prices. Moreover, with the recent completion of the two-vote system, we expect the large liquids industry to make a profit from the production of intermediates, and environmental standards are expected to lead to a steady cash flow: the Trunchin environmental test.
The overall price is now stable, with the core species of the Trunchin sulfur, 7aca, 6apa and penicillin industry salt, which is expected to be at the corporate cost end because of their location in the Xinjiang region and the benefits of cheaper coal, water, electricity, and raw materials.
With effective control and steady decline, we expect the antibiotics intermediate business to make a good cash flow of 700 million left-right profits this year. Moreover, as industry’s environmental standards rise, companies are expected to continue to build on their “zero-emission” environmental advantages.
There has been a further explosion in the performance of Trunchin. A rapid roll-out of generic pharmaceutical listings, and a steady advance in the clinical development of innovative medicines are to be expected: five years since the Institute came into existence, the company has invested more than 3 billion dollars in cumulative research and development, forming a rich product ladder.
The first is to focus on the upgrading of traditional areas of advantage, with the continued introduction of the first, exclusive intestine nutrients, as the vanguard force for the formulation of the agent plate; and the multi-sector deployment of a well-growing generic drug variety, which captures large markets in a product clustered manner. Instead, the experience gained in research and development, marketing, and bringing, are modelled on the experience accumulated in the marketing of pharmaceuticals.
Cash flow contributions will ultimately drive new medicines, new delivery system (ndds) formulations and bio-years, where the first innovative drug is expected to be harvested, with faster progress now being made in egfr single resistance (sitoos) and pd-l1 single resistance, as well as in vegf single resistance (Remolus single resistance).
Given the long-term steady growth of the company's fluids, the steady performance of Kawaning's production, the imprinting of the drug on the market and the performance of Lee Ying-ray, as well as the steady progress of the innovative medicine clinical process, we'll give the mother-in-law a profit deal over the next three years.
There is uncertainty about clinical progress at home and abroad in the study of varieties; the risk of competition when generic drugs are marketed; uncertainty about expansion and commercialization of new drugs by sales groups; uncertainty about progress in the distribution of shares, which is currently not taken into account.
The company is a major domestic infusion tap, with the advantage of the entire chain of antibiotics intermediates-materials-agents. The company has proposed a three-drive strategy since it was listed: (1) maintenance of the Cullen fluid.
Absolute leadership in the field: (ii) perfecting the whole industry of antibiotics and global voice; (iii) investing heavily in the development of generic, innovative and ndds drugs to build long-term drivers of corporate performance.
The major infusion started, the intermediate overtaken by an imitation dominated the future. In 1996, the Kronx industry ' s predecessor, Kronda Yao, was registered and the main children ' s fluid product was launched; in 2010, the company was listed in deep contact; and in 2018, the full production of the Trunchin project contributed steadily to the company.
To date, the company has developed a three-wheel-drive strategic layout of large infusion fluids, a whole industry chain of antibiotics, and specialized preparations, in areas such as high-capacity injections, small-capacity injections, drunken pains, central nerve, anti-infection and intestinal nutrition.
Figure 2: The history of the Cullen Pharmacy industry has grown steadily at the end of the world in 2018: the company's income has grown steadily since it was listed, with operating income in 2018
The growth rate has accelerated rapidly since 2016, and we anticipate that it is mainly due to the “low-rolling-up” effects of the two-count system.
The net profit from the company ' s non-repatriation has been declining since 2013, but in 2018, the company ' s non-repatriation net profit was the same as the price repair brought about by the company ' s ability to fully enjoy increased industrial concentration as a leader in the big infusion industry, as well as the passing and full production of the Trunchin environmental acceptance.
Net corporate profits increased significantly in 2018, reversing a gradual decline since 2013. Māori sales rates have continued to grow since 2016, benefiting mainly from the large infusion industry and resistance.
There has been an improvement in the pattern of competition in the bio-industry chain, increased concentration in the industry, the ability of companies to obtain price repairs for their products, and increased market bargaining power.
Future financial pressures have been reduced: companies no longer have larger capital expenditures after the establishment of the Trunchin project, fixed assets are maintained on a much smaller scale than capital expenditures, and companies have a high level of financial pressure of 50%. As the Trunchin project is consolidated, there is much room for improvement in the future.
The company has a clear equity structure, with subsidiaries covering the whole chain, and a clear corporate equity structure: the director of the company’s actual controller, Liu Innovation, holds 26.33% of the company’s shares.
It is planned to hold 2.88 per cent of the shares of companies indirectly, and subsidiaries cover the whole chain: building the whole chain from drug development to drug production and marketing, including packaging materials, overseas operations, export-import trade, etc., in a unique size.
Figure 10: Corporate equity structure maps, improved mass fluid fundamentals, expected to highlight the Matthews effect, and industry entering a new phase of “stable price rise”
The “restrictive order” mainly affects the non-residential sector, where there is still room for a significant amount of space for the non-residential sector saturation: it is affected by the “restrictive order”, the “outpatient restricted fluid”, and the non-resident sector, such as the outpatient and clinic market saturation.
There is room for price increases in the residential sector: our hospital beds are growing at an annual rate of more than 6 per cent, while 98 per cent of hospital patients in the country are using fluid products as a basic treatment, and the number of bottles/bags is estimated to be growing steadily on the scale of the industry: there are 10 billion bottles of bags on the market and the non-hospital sector is saturated.
The sector is affected by aging, chronic diseases, and rising demand for medical care, and the number of beds is increasing, and so is the demand for fluids. The combined market is expected to grow slowly at a rate of 2% in the infusion industry.
Figure 13: Domestic production and sales of bulk fluids. Markets are back up, prices are coming up: from leading companies in the big infusion industry, the city economy is back in 2015, prices for most of its products are warming.
In 2017, the price of major fluids rose to new heights. This has the effect of a two-vote system that, in addition to a two-vote system, we believe that there are also price increases for products like plastic bottles.
There is still much room for improvement in the structure of the big infusion product, which is in the process of transformation, with a steady increase in the profitability of the industry, as compared to the international structure of the big infusion product.
About 40%, with a gap compared to developed countries, is expected to accelerate the withdrawal of glass bottles from the city in the future, and the share of the high Maori soft bag market is expected to increase rapidly. The high end immediate infusion area, especially intestinal nutrients and dialysis series, has been subject to foreign investment for a long period of time.
The high-end, high-māori, fluids sector has a larger import substitution space, with the approval of intestine nutrients and dialysis products from manufacturers in countries such as Colon. Chart 16: Market share of the various large-volume syringes in the country, 2011-2015
Figure 17: There is still much room for improvement in the structure of international Chinese products
The four forms of non-pvc soft bags and straight bags (non-pvc soft bags and straight bags are all soft bags) The lower cost of plastic bottles production and transportation is the main packaging of the current fluid product. The soft bags not only address the weaknesses of the plastic bottles, which are as vulnerable to air pollution and high leak rates as the bottles.
We're in the process of upgrading our consumption. Collon's exclusive product.
Glass bottle infusion first-generation infusion packaging straight polypropylene infusion bag (package)
Packagings, cheap, transparent, materialable, three separate cavities.
The combination of all the advantages of the pre-generation, the different liquids, the operators, the polypropylene bottles, the fluids.
Very high clinical use, poo, lower probability of contamination, second-generation packaging, heavy.
Small, non-breakable, easy to transport. Polypropylene co-transmission bag (pp soft bag)
Plastic bottled water needles (pp water needles) are not pvc soft bag fluids.
Artic and seamless welding technology, third-generation packaging, full-blown, closed fluids, safety.
Soft bag leaks are eliminated. All right, main roll for Europe and America. Packaging upgrades help to boost corporate profitability: non-pvc multi-layered condensable soft bags, silo bags.
For third- and fourth-generation infusion packaging, complete closed infusion is achieved and safe; Collon's own stand-alone bags, developed and developed, overcome the shortcomings of the pre-packaging, have a very high clinical value and are characterized by high Maori, good bidding, and good price maintenance.
Colon has since been active in expanding the types of packaging such as liquid-liquid double-room bags and liquid-liquid multi-room bags (mainly applied to nutrient-type fluids) to further enhance corporate profitability and high-end market competitiveness.
There is more room for import substitution in high-end infusion: currently, 50 to 60% of domestic infusion products are concentrated in low-end general infusion, with only 11% expected in high-end therapeutic infusion. But, with the approval of high-end infusion products from countries such as Colon, the high-end infusion product is lost.
In the liquids sector, where there is greater room for alternatives, multi-species, full-structure suppliers will also be the winners of alternatives to imports in this area. The company’s high Māori fluid layout has begun to bear fruit: in the product area of the big fluids, it is currently treating them.
The therapeutic infusion accounts for 26-28% of the company’s large infusion, with the Māori ratio of the therapeutic infusion product projected to be higher than the average infusion ratio. And with the introduction of the company’s high-end treatment infusion product, the concentration of the gross industry has gradually increased and the strong have continued to grow.
Competition patterns are becoming clear, and future market concentration is expected to increase further.
It is clear that large firms, with large-scale production and good cost-control capabilities, have won a sustained competitive victory, while small firms have gradually withdrawn from the market because they cannot afford the loss. According to industry experts, 500 million bottles a year are the lowest-scale economy and are now at this level.
There are only five of them. In addition, due to events such as restraining orders, new gmp certifications, restricted outpatient fluids, tightening of the environment, major industrial shufflings have accelerated further, and future patterns of competition are expected in the industry, based on mature market experience, with high concentration as industry characteristics: (1) United States, Bermuda Monopolies
80% of the country's fluid market, with a rich product line, has different profits from high-end and low-end products: (2) in Europe, the big fluid market has been largely cut by Fissenguskaby, Belang and Bates, each with a 30% share of the market.
It is expected that markets will be more concentrated in the future with the experience of leading markets. Quite clearly, the Matthews effect has made it difficult for new entrants to enter, and there are high barriers to entry in the major fluids industry in terms of policy, finance, technology, and channels.
With new entrants, the future is expected to enter the era of oligarchic competition as the output is cleared. The strong are strong, highlighting the Matthews.
Starting in 2015, the sales volume of Collon was balanced and slightly higher than production in the last two years, reaching 4470 million bottles/bags, a recovery in sales, a slowdown in output decline, and company stock in 2017.
A rapid decline of 12.6 per cent has now reached 44 per cent in the Colon market, and the share of the grass-roots market is expected to combine the company with the industry's third stone, further entrenching its leader position.
The market for fluids is about 57%. The two companies are strongly united, making the Cullen Pharmacy industry a major infusion, leading high-school low-end products, consolidating oligopoly patterns, increasing industry concentration, strong union, product complementarities: Collon's advantage is in plastic bottles and straight bags, respectively.
The four drugs are the first in the country. The four drugs are based on technological advantages, with 99.99% of the equipment, low end-of-life costs, and are acquired through a back-to-back integration of the production chain.
Jiang Soubosheng, “Down membrane,” achieves an import substitution of packaging materials with a cost advantage of more than 6% compared to his peers, ensuring cost and quality advantages for the company’s products. Strong alliances, geographical complementarities: the traditional sales advantaged provinces of Collon are Sichuan, Guangxi, Hunan
In the northern part of the country, it is more than 30% in the provinces and cities of Shanxi, River South, and Heavy Production. In addition, it is sold overseas to 70+ countries, 90% in Viet Nam and Cambodia.
Complementarity of sales: The two focus markets complement each other and the distribution networks will cover South, North and South China and other markets, both within and outside the sea, to save sales costs, while production networks spread across the country, further reducing transport costs and creating economies of scale.
The Xinjiang Trunchin Antibiotic Intermediate plate provides a sustained cash flow and the raw material pharmaceutical industry as a whole warms back after 2017.
Because of costs, environmental concerns, the global chain of pharmaceutical industries begins to shift from Europe and America to emerging countries, represented by China and India. We take over the solid foundation of the chain of industrial transfer: the chemical base plus the engineer dividend.
In 2012-2017, unprovoked competition and price wars dragged the industry to a state of discomfort: a crude development. According to data from the Ministry of Industry and Infochemistry, the country ' s manufacturers of raw materials have been working since 2012.
The growth rate of income from battalion operations has gradually declined, the growth of exports has slowed considerably, and even negative growth has been observed, and the development of the raw materials pharmaceutical industry has become very tired. The country’s long-standing crude development of the raw materials pharmaceutical industry has led to such ills as overcapacity, environmental stress, and has become a hindrance to the development of the raw materials pharmaceutical industry in the country.
Over the past five years, the average price of our exports of raw materials has fallen by 13%, and the price of high competition has slowed down the development of the industry. By 2017, there has been a tightening of regulations and a fall in competition: in response to domestic competition for raw materials.
In recent years, the country has been pushing ahead with structural supply-side reforms, market regulation and regulation, strict environmental standards, and sustained healthy development of the raw materials industry.
The future healthy development of the pharmaceutical industry has laid a firm foundation, and the era of taking the market at low prices alone will never return. The whole industry of the pharmaceutical industry is warming.
Revenues from business amounted to 49,91.1 billion yuan. Growth of 14.68 per cent over the same period: exports amounted to $29.1 billion. Growth of 13.7 per cent over the same period showed a certain recovery in the pace of exports of raw materials.
Collon medicines have formed a whole industry chain of antibiotics, from crops, intermediates, raw materials, to preparations, with unique cost and scale advantages. And, as production increases, corporate exports of antibiotics continue, and international market expansion has yielded initial results.
The market pattern for antibiotics intermediates is optimized Sulphur red (sulphur cyanide) has tight supply and demand, and companies have a strong cost advantage: world demand > 10,000 tons, real production of 0.7 million tons below demand, market gaps, supply constraints.
3000 tonnes of sulphatic cyanide production line fully produced and environmentally friendly equipment at internationally advanced levels. Chart 36: Prices of sulphacide sulphacide sulphaline 6-papa tight supply and demand, cost reduction of company production full: about 30,000 tonnes of world outsourcing demand, market.
There is a pattern of competition between federal pharmaceutical and colent oligopolies, with stable federal start-up rates combined with full production, real production of about 20,000 tons, tight supply and demand, prices that have been floating since last year. Colenc’s production-led costs will have a certain competitive advantage.
7-acca is more than supply and demand and the price is roughly equal to the cost: the world needs about 7,000 tons, of which Köln is planning to produce 3,000 tons, while Köln is expected to produce 2,000 tons and the overall supply is expected to exceed demand
The Tsongning project has a significant competitive advantage through environmental acceptance, and the Tsi Trunchin project has successfully addressed the waste-gas problem and contributed to stabilizing cash flow because of high levels of pollution, emissions of waste-disturbing people, and the antibiotic material intermediate has always been environmentally friendly.
The most severe environmental law in history was published in 2015 and the antibiotics industry has been pressurized. In environmental issues such as waste water, sludge, waste gas, antibiotic production of tails is a worldwide challenge, and there is no domestic or international experience and technology available.
The performance of the company as a whole has been delayed over the years, with the release of capacity through the acceptance of the Tsuanning II in 2018, resulting in a net profit of 609 million yuan, an increase of 684 million yuan over the same period, and a steady cash flow expected to be contributed to the company after the Tsongning Project.
The expected net profit from the realization of the Trunchin project is 5-11 billion: 20% of the total revenue from the Trunchin project in 2018, 48% of the net profit, is a steady back-up to corporate cash flows. We conducted a sensitivity analysis of the Trunchin project, assuming that the cost of future steady state management was flat over the past decade.
By managing both the cost rate and the project’s output, without taking into account such factors as the further tightening of environmental policies in the future, the Ishakawaning project is expected to earn a net profit of $700-800 million from the mother. One of the competitive advantages is the advantage of the whole chain of integration of raw material formulations.
Following the acceptance of the Tunning Environmental Upgrading Project at the beginning of 2018, the company was able to produce a full load of sulfur red, head sorghum and penicillin, the only producer in the world with both sulfur red, penicillin and head sulfon intermediates, with sufficient intermediates to supply the major downstream fluids.
Effectively reducing the cost pressure on large infusion plates due to higher prices of raw materials, increasing competition in the market for two things: raw materials price advantage Coal: Xinjiang Coal price is low. At full production, coal is 1.2 million tons.
Five meters: Xinjiang maize has a significant cost advantage because of its geographical advantage. At full production, maize is full. Other raw materials: soybean raw materials for head sorghum products are partially imported from Kazakhstan, and the cost is higher than the total cost of inland enterprises in the same yield when the Trentin project is fully produced.
Competition three: Technology advantages Technology building cost advantages: In 2018, the Choonning Biology was approved to operate the Engineering Technology Centre and four varieties successfully completed the U.S. fda file. Meanwhile, the Ipiao project added a new rice mill and enzyme system.
The production of sulfur, red and penicillin is expected to reduce the cost of producing salt. 7-aca is expected to save more than 40 per cent of its energy by creating the world’s leading 500 cubic metres of maximum fermentation tanks.
Technology-building quality advantages: the high quality of corporate products and the ability to open up international high-end markets were demonstrated by the successful clearance of the four varieties of sulfonic cyanide, 7-amino-pyridine, acetyl-7-amino-pyridine acid, and the four varieties of cyanide-g potassium salt in the United States.
In addition to successfully addressing the waste waste of wastewater, its autonomous development of antibiotic production tailings treatment technology has been successfully applied.
The world's problems with tailings are solved. In the context of a trend towards more environmental protection, the company's environmental advantages will become one of the company's core competitiveness, laying the foundation for the company's sustained green growth.
Corporate formulation research and development has come to the top of the country's ranks, guided by a “triple-driven” development strategy, where companies have established a research and development concept of “a model drug-based, new drug-driven future” to form a global market-oriented research and development network at home and abroad.
Starting in 2011, the company’s R&D costs increased significantly, with a cumulative investment of nearly $3 billion, leading all of the a+h shares. Integrating the R&D system: now companies have successfully built around the Chengdu Institute.
Su State, Tianjin, and New Jersey Research Branch of the United States are part of an intensive R & D system. At the same time, the West-West Coast of the United States bd capability has been built to ensure that research resources and new technological advances in the United States of America.
With more than 1,000 Ph.D.s and masters joining forces, leading international research experience has created a scientific team of more than 2,000 people with a high level of science, a strong will to fight, and a link to the international community. By the end of 2018, the Department had 223 Ph.D. employees, ranking among the entire pharmaceutical section.
Third, it's growing faster than the same kind of company. Companies are constantly bringing in good R & D talent, building up R & D. R & D is well organized, and product ladders are well constructed: they focus on the strategy of “a model-based, innovation-driven future”, focusing on the global unmet clinical needs and the development of new technologies.
The company's seven main areas of counterfeiting have seen a steady increase in the approval of new medicines, the development of innovative medicines, and the emergence of new varieties of generics, which are already in the harvest, will be a new engine of growth for companies.
In the six years since the launch of the formulation strategy, nearly 400 copies of the Collen imitation drug have been deployed, including over 100 consistency evaluations. It is expected that companies will steadily acquire 20-30 production batches each year in the future, with priority varieties seeking access
Coherent evaluation remodels the pharmaceutical system, and Collon's progress is a national lead: currently Colon's consistency assessment has been set up for more than 100 items, on tumours and assistive drugs, intestinal nutrition, anti-infection, cardiovascular,
Many major disease areas, such as diabetes, gynaecology, ophthalmology, and respiratory, form a strong cluster, and the evaluation of consistency has now been adopted in the top three of the country’s 16 codes.
In the post-4+7 era, generics are expected to return to the social attributes they deserve: the amount of drugs that companies copy (clusters, diversity), speed, difficulty, characteristics, costs, and nationalization with good returns are key to success. And companies are officially adhering to this idea, with many heavy-pound simulations.
Sodium Parish: The first clinical need, sold over a million in 2018, is the only cox-2 inhibitor in the world for simultaneous intravenous and muscular injections, which was listed in May 2008 in our country, in 2017, in the National Health Insurance Class B species, originally patented.
In November 2017, Colon's injection of sodium Parish was listed in the country, and Collon became the country's first approved drug company, the first to follow. In the long run, sodium Parray Schebbles is expected to compete for a market and a market for non-piprofen esters.
The Chiru pharmaceutical and colen pharmaceutical industries are expected to take up about 50% of the market share of the original research based on price advantages, making them a peak of 5 to 1 billion pounds. In addition to Colon, Chiru, there are other countries in the country, such as the Heung Sil, Jung-sun, and the Stone Medicines Group Europe drug industry, where injections are declared.
Imitation of sodium Reshape: 1 billion varieties, larger import-substitution spaces.
Listed on the market, the national health-care type B species is a large annual sale of over one billion species. Unlike the foreign intestinal nutrients, which account for about 90% of the three sacks, which currently account for a relatively low proportion of the country’s three sacks, it is a trend to upgrade the existing low-end varieties by the characteristics of ease of use, safety, etc.
Intestine nutrients coincide with Colon’s current high sales of major fluids, covering 1.1 million people with the high-volume listing of colones. Acid amino amino acid (18) injectable fluids: enhanced competitiveness with the company’s established channels
The AAA(18) injection fluid is a liquid double room bag, first created for Collon, which addresses the need for secondary formulation in clinical use of AAA (single bottle) injection fluids, which reduces the risk of contamination and miscalculation in the formulation process and improves drug safety and medical efficiency.
The bikini competitor, who only got a clinically approved treatment in October 2017, competed that tens of thousands of patients in the hospital in our country needed to put in an acetyl aramide, yet only about 20% of the patients were treated, far below 70% treatment in developed countries, and were included in 2017.
National Health Insurance Group B, where the whole of acetylamphetamine is stored at least on the basis of the existing 2.1 billion market Figure 61: Competition patterns in the injection of amino ammonium alamine (millions) Figure 62: Market patterns in the major amino acid fluids (billions)
Protein violet supremol is the highest end of the drug, with high target orientation, good therapeutic efficiency, no need to prevent allergy pre-treatment, low irritation of the blood vessels, more advantage than common violet ol, Dosita, violet resins, greater room for reprofiling, currently approved transfer in the country.
In 2018, we sold 750 million violet proteins. According to the competitive pattern, the original research base occupied most of the market, and the new species of the European Antichemistry were marketed at a price of only 45% of the original.
The market was seized and the price index declined, and domestic imitation companies, with the exception of the collene drug industry, the fluorobiprofen microballin injection fluid: the agent model improved, the chronic pain market was large, we had more than 300 million people suffering from chronic pain and would not be able to do so at the rate of 10 to 20 million a year.
According to chronic pain surveys in six major cities in China, 65-85% of the elderly suffer from chronic pain, 85% from consultations, 40% from adults and 40% from consultations. The country’s annual pain-care market is over 100 billion.
Fabrillofen is a procolic nsaids drug developed by the British company Boots and marketed in the United Kingdom in 1977, with anti-inflammation, pain relief, and radiative effects, clinically used for pain or inflammation. Fabrillofin is one of the most widely recognized anti-inflammation Nsaids.
The lowest equivalency concentration of c50 required to suppress oxidase is the same nsaids. The market market for Fresilofin formulations is mostly oral, and it is prone to adverse effects such as gastrointestinal function disorders.
The problem is that patients are unable to take oral care of themselves, while at the same time significantly improving the pain-reduction effects of their products and reducing side effects.
Ted's family is occupied, mainly for the treatment of rheumatism, bone arthritis, arthritis, arthritis, arthritis, trauma and post-operative and all kinds of cancer pain. Nine clinical guidelines are recommended for post-operative pain, bone arthritis, etc.
The main competition for fluorobilate microballoids is their type of pap-painting, which was sold in 2018 at a sample hospital in Fipilo Fempa-pam. The iii clinical period shows that the pap-painting effects are comparable to the oral drugs, and the sales of both types will continue to grow rapidly in the future.
The me-too-style innovation of the traditional mature target will also face a brutal price battle when it comes to bringing long-term developmental drivers to the company at dawn, so the innovation strategy will necessarily be an early clinical or even preclinical target to create it.
The Collon Innovation Center was established in October 2014 to maintain a sustained focus on research progress in the field of global research and development of hot spots and major diseases, and to fully advance innovative small molecule products for China and the global market.
Line layout. Eighty innovations have been deployed in more than a dozen major areas of disease, such as tumors, infections, diabetes. Clinical research on 14 innovative drugs is under way, and the innovation patent pd-l1 against overseas authorization.
kl-a167 Injecting fluids (pd-l1): Immunotherapy has a high potential and has achieved overseas authorization of kl-a167 as a pd-l1 inhibitor, capable of selectively suppressing the pd-l1 target, and is currently at the stage of clinical trials in the haematology phase.
The pd-l1 inhibitor is a wide-scale heavy-pound anti-cancer drug: a swelling agent, represented by pd-1/pd-l1, represents the direction of the development of oncological treatment, and currently there are three similar products (anti-pd-l1 antibodies) on the global market: tecentriq, Bavencio.
K. Pfizer, Imfinzi (Aslikon), who has received precise and breakthrough annual global sales of $2.5 billion in multiple malignant neoplasms. Multiple sets of evidence-based medical evidence show that pd-l1 is expected to be relatively high relative to pd-1 safety: pd-l1 and
The pd-1 inhibitor is an immuno-censorship point inhibitor that works on the same signalway, but studies show differences between the two in terms of therapeutic effects and adverse immune-related effects. The pd-l1 inhibitor shows a treatment similar to the pd-1 in the expression of positive tumours in pd-l1 and is immune-related.
1. Programmedcelldeathprotein1; pd-l1, programmeddeathligand1. Domestic pd-l1 drugs commercialized at an early stage and with a good competitive pattern, but not to lose sight of the fact that they lag behind the pd-1 variety: imfinzi and tecentriq are currently on the market for imported drugs
National product pd-l1 is in the first row of research products, and is expected to benefit from product listing and expansion of adaptive conditions.
Harbour develops and sells anti-pd-l1 monoclonal antibodies abroad, which will further enhance the internationalization of innovative brands and innovative projects in the Co-Lon pharmaceutical industry.
A140 is a biological analogue of Siddox, a target egfr's/rats embedded monoclon antibodies, a heavy-pound bomb sold over $1 billion a year. There is still room for expansion of adaptive disorders in the country: Siddol has been approved for listing by fda in 2004.
In 2009, as recommended in the guidelines for rectum cancer, in 2011 the treatment of first-line cancer of the neck and in 2012 the treatment of first-line cancer of the rectum was better than that of the main contestant. As a result of Sidor, the resistance to the second-line treatment of rectum cancer was only approved in the country, and was not available until 2018.
National Health Insurance (NHS), which is slow at this stage, is expected to be marketed in 2018 into the National Health Insurance (NHS) and Colon's R&D lead: Tomcolon and Mybothako are in three stages of clinical progress, at the first ladder 82: Sidorcai vs. domestic competition patterns
▪ Injection a166 (third-generation her2adc): breast cancer is needed, and the U.S.-American double-narcotype antibodies (antibody-drugconjugate, addc) connect bioactive small molecules to the single anti-drugs by a chemical chain, with a small fraction of the single anti-molecular drug.
Sub-drug targets are transported to target cells to achieve a targeted lethal effect on tumor cells. There are now four adc drugs on the world market, with her2 as the target only kadcyla, with global sales close to $1 billion in 2018.
Colon's a166 is the world's first-generation anti-her2adc through the lysine dosage, with innovative connections and highly active toxin molecules. It is intended for the treatment of malignant tumours such as her2 positive breast cancer, stomach cancer, etc.
Good blood stability and oncological target, intended for the treatment of malignant tumours such as her2 positive breast cancer, stomach cancer, etc.
Her2adc drugs will be competitive in the future, with only Rhodes, Collon Pharmacy, Yongchang, as a three-generation her2adc drug, promising better side effects and better therapeutic effects than second-generation drugs, with an advantage in potential competition.
The Cullen Pharmacy Industry, in 2019, began to expand the city's chains and markets at the grass-roots level, through non-public clinics, pharmacies and endpoints, and has now established cities in 14 provinces and districts.
The municipal chain sales team has set up a base 3rd end-of-life marketing team in 24 provinces and districts, which will be sold at the end of the year to more than 1,500 people.
It is expected to reach about 200-300 million. In the third quarter, products such as oral rehydration salts, fish and herbicides, and Fordostans will enter the channel suitable for slowness, digestive treatment, and supplementation. With the full establishment of the otc channel, it is expected that it will be able to sell and sell out of the yard for the next two to three years.
With the approval of the Dalpatine film for the second half of the year, and the simultaneous opening of the sale system inside and outside the courtyard, reference is made to the historical experience of the White Cloud Hills Gingo. In addition, it is expected that the methoxazole, the general antibiotic agent for the nitrozole, will be combined with the otc channel, which will gradually become a mature distribution channel for the otc.
The company will make a sustained and efficient investment in the otc channel to help the drug grow rapidly through the otc channel while balancing the increase in the cost of sales with the output of profits, to build steadily the otc channel and to make a substantial profit contribution to the company.
Dharma: Low penetration, promising to replicate golden gold. Dharma Deptine is a short-acting 5-hydroxychlorine re-ingestion inhibitor (sris), the only drug approved for pe.
Figure 88: Dapoxetine was the only drug approved for treatment with pe
Timetoejaculation(ielt) perceiveddegreeofejacuratorycontrol degreeofboth/press
I don't know what to do with it, but I don't know what to do with it, but I don't know what to do with it.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something like this.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something like this.
I don't know what you're talking about, pharmacotherapy (recommendasfirst-line tradementinfionongpe) dapoxetineforon-demanduse (then)
I don't know, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
It's not like I'm going to be in a state of emergency, but I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency.
With the advantages of clinical benefits and low safety risks, rapid effectiveness, rapid clean-up, and low drug accumulation, Dappositing has become the first line of treatment to be used for treatments at home and abroad as the preferred drug for ed, with a peak of about $2 billion in sales at Al Qaeda.
Millions of pieces, about 660 million yuan in sales, have grown at a combined rate of 69% in the last three years. Given the high overlap between ed and pe audiences and similar consumption habits, we believe that Dappositing is likely to become a heavy-pound drug similar to West Africa.
Pé and ed are self-contained adaptations, and the drug, Dappositing, not only does not compete directly with ed on behalf of the drug, West Africa, but both can also be used. In China, there are about 450-50 million men of childbearing age, and according to documentary data, 18-65 years of age are men.
In the first half of 2019, the otc department was set up to complete the construction of the otc as the only drug currently approved for the treatment of pe.
Channels, in preparation for the roll-out of the Dapositinotc channel in the second half of the year. Drugs with sexual impairments are sold mainly through the otc channel. We expect that this will facilitate a rapid increase in drug sales after they are on the market and capture the market share.
Three companies have now applied for Dappositing for pharmaceutical production. China’s patent expired in 2019, and it is hoped that the generic drug will be placed on the market in a way that will break the status quo of the original drug.
▪ Colum’s sales cost ranking a+h in 2017 is 13th, and sales costs are on average, but salesmen have different marketing patterns due to their previous marketing patterns for liquids and formulations such as oral solids, as well as the fact that some sales teams have been removed from the market as distributors and agents.
The marketing team has been restructured to prepare for the listing of new products: the company has a rich product line and a wide range of treatments, and a series of prescription drugs for future companies, such as me-too, me-better, first-in-clas, etc., will continue.
Presently. The company is currently working to form an enabling team through the development of a large marketing system covering the market and the marketing system, which will gradually deliver the escort for imitating agent performance.
We assume a steady long-term growth of corporate fluids; a full production of the Trunchin intermediate, a stable pattern of competition, a steady increase in steady performance; a rapid roll-out of generic pharmaceutical performance over 2-3 years, and a marketed contribution of innovative medicines after 2021; and a steady growth in research and development inputs, and a steady advance in the clinical development of new medicines in the future.
In the light of these assumptions, we believe that the company has stable long-term cash flows, that there is sufficient funding for research and development, that in the long term, we will give the remortner a profit of about 15.8/20.0/242 billion over the next three years, and that the corresponding valuation is uncertain in clinical trials at home and abroad in the study variety: six companies are currently in the process of developing projects.
During the pre-bed research phase, six projects are in the clinical trial phase, one project is awaiting trial results, and clinical trials require significant funding, and there are significant uncertainties about future clinical advances and results.
Commercialized varieties have several of the same therapeutic drugs that have entered the clinical stage or later, and the domestic patent for compounds in Cedarbinamine will expire in 2023, and once the generic or new drug is on the market, there will be greater uncertainty about competing with corporate products in sales.
▪ Uncertainty in the expansion of marketing teams and commercialization of new medicines: As new drugs are being developed in the pipeline, companies need to form more comprehensive, integrated marketing teams for academic promotion, and uncertainty in the expansion and diffusion of future sales teams.
▪ There are uncertainties or risks to the financial impact of the over-meeting or progress of the Unit, and the adoption of the Unit has not been considered in the current model. ▪ There is a risk of impairment of the capitalization of the R & D costs and intangible assets.
▪ There is uncertainty in the input of fixed assets and the possibility of adding single production resistant tubes, such as fermented tanks, and there is a risk in the flow of cash. ▪ There is uncertainty in the quality control of the company’s products.
▪ Uncertainty in policies in the biopharmaceutical industry. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: