The titanium-powder industry is waiting to recover, with sponges and new energy sources blooming.
The titanium-based industry is waiting to recover. As a global titanium-based leader, the titanium-based titanium-based titanium industry has been increasing its capacity expansion in recent years, with future improvements in the margins of the country’s macroeconomic recovery, and the company is expected to benefit fully from the gradual restoration of the climate in the titanium-based industry.
The company continues to accelerate the process of industrial diversification, continuing titanium powder in the areas of sponge titanium, phosphate iron/lithium and graphite negative poles: industry has reached a low level, waiting for downstream demand recovery, although the current domestic titanium industry is at a low level, it will be accompanied by a steady advance in land support policies in the future.
With a gradual recovery in macroeconomics, downside demand for titanium powder is expected to improve, and prices are expected to rebound. At the bottom of the cycle, there will be an expansion in reverse sales of titanium powder, which is expected to rise gradually from 880,000 tons in 2021 to 1.3 million tons in 2023.
• Sponge titanium: the demand for titanium is very promising and the upstream titanium is or will be fully beneficial
Mainly, the company uses a process-wide production process, which has a strong cost advantage. In the future, the company’s sponge titanium operation may benefit from accelerated release along with the end demand represented by chemicals, air space and air. Lithium: fully exploiting the synergies in the industrial chain, phosphate has a significant cost advantage.
The company's iron phosphate is prepared to use the sodium method, which requires iron sulphate, dioxyhydroxide and sodium hydroxide as by-products of titanium powder production. Through raw material self-sufficiency, the company effectively reduces the production costs of phosphate iron. To date, the company's current +/proposed capacity for phosphate, lithium phosphate and graphite negative apogee products has reached 35, 35, 35, 35 and 35 respectively.
300,000 tonnes/year. With the progressive release of ongoing/initiated capacity in the future, the company is expected to achieve a concentrated release period.1 The company is a global titanium powder dragon enterprise 1.1. The development journey: from titanium powder to lithium power, the company’s dual-sector layout is improving.
In 1988, the company began to prepare for the production of titanium titanium powder, officially engaging in titanium powder. After more than two decades of hard work, the company successfully turned to the capital in July 2011.
After listing, the company moved forward in tandem, actively moving into the lithium electric industry, while consolidating the superiority of the titanium-based industry, increasing production and expanding production. In 2015, the “60 ton chlorine-based titanium powder project” was launched.
In September 2016, the company completed the acquisition of the dragon-drawn industry, the industry joined forces, and the company increased its capacity from 260,000 tons/year to 560,000 tons/year. In May 2019, the company launched the "300 million tons of titanium-crystal powder production per year" project, which produced titanium powder.
In October 2022, the company built and successfully tested 100,000 tons of titanium powder per year, with a cumulative capacity of 1.21 million tons of titanium powder per year. At the same time, as titanium-based production expands, the company is actively engaged in the new energy sector.
On 30th of the month, Mr. Xu Gang, as the company's first shareholder, held 26.12% of the company's shareholdings, as well as the company's figure 1: the company controls Mr. Xu Gang.
1.2. Product capacity: titanium powder production is the first in the country, lithium electricity production is the first in the country, and titanium powder production is the highest in the country, and lithium electricity production is being phased in. With regard to titanium powder, the company produces bases in Henan, Hubei, Sichuan, Yunnan, Gansu, etc., with a combined capacity of 1.21 million tonnes/year.
Ten thousand tonnes/year, the company's total titanium powder production is expected to reach 1.71 million tonnes/year. For lithium electricity, the company has two main bases: the phosphate, the phosphate, the phosphate, and the graphite, which are three products, and the existing + in progress/to be built, amount to 350,000 tonnes/year, 350,000 tonnes/year, and 300,000 tonnes/year, respectively, and is currently in the phase of release.
In addition, the company has capacity expansion plans at the upstream end of its resources, as well as in other areas such as downstream sponge titanium and dihydrazole, and projects are expected to continue until 2025.
From 2016 to 2021, titanium powder entered the boom, with a dramatic increase in corporate performance. As the company’s main business product, titanium powder’s industry’s high and low profile largely determined the company’s profitability.
The supply-side reforms have led to a rapid increase in output capacity, downstream demand and export size, and the titanium powder industry is gaining momentum. In addition, the company has completed the acquisition of the dragon-drawn industry, the capacity is expanding, and titanium powder sales are expanding.
In the first three quarters of the year, accumulated operating income of $18.64 billion, an increase of 18.02 per cent, resulting in a net return to the mother, or 71 per cent of the total Maori. In addition, the share of iron, titanium and thallium businesses reached 11 per cent, 7 per cent, 5 per cent, and Māori 14 per cent, 5 per cent, and 4 per cent, respectively.
Figure 5: 72% of the company ' s titanium powder business receipts, 42.5% of the company ' s overseas receipts in 2021, and 42.5% of its main export destinations in Asia and Europe. According to corporate announcements, the company ' s lifetime cost rate is largely at a reasonable level.
titanium powder: the industry has reached a low level, waiting for demand to recover downstream titanium powder, alias titanium dioxide, which has the advantages of high refraction rates, optimal particle distribution, shielding and good coloring, and is widely applied to paints, rubber, plastics, paper, printing ink, solar chemicals, electronics, etc.
titanium powder can be divided into pigments (with white paint as the main use purpose) and non-paints (with purity as the main use purpose) depending on the purpose for which it is used.
titanium powder is used mainly in the fields of indoor paint, ink, rubber, glass, cosmetics, soap, plastics and paper;
In addition, non-pill titanium powder can be classified as titanium powder, welded powder, titanium powder, ceramic-grade titanium powder, and electronic titanium powder, depending on the use. According to the China Chemical Journal, in 2021, 3.79 million tons of titanium powder was produced in the country, of which 82.5 per cent were gold and 13.0 per cent were gold and red and titanium products.
The method of sulphuric acid and chlorination are the dominant processes in the production of titanium powder, which, depending on the production process, can be divided into sulphuric acid, chlorination, hydrochloric acid, nitrate and hybrid processes, which are currently used in large-scale industrialization.
The production process is mainly sulfuric acid and chlorination. Of these, the chlorinated titanium powder product is of better quality and more environmentally friendly process than sulphuric acid, but there are also shortcomings in terms of more sophisticated technology and higher requirements for equipment and raw materials.
According to China Chemical, the domestic production of titanium powder in 2021 was 3.79 million tons, and the ratio of sulphate to chlorination was 90.08% \9.92% \. Table 3: Sulphate and chlorination are superiors, respectively
2.1. Resource end: The domestic titanium mine is rich in resources, but the high grade titanium mine is still dependent on imports. titanium is one of the most widely distributed and abundant elements of the crust, accounting for 0.61 per cent of the crust's weight and ranked ninth. titanium chemical activity is strong, there is no single titanium in the natural world, it is easy to combine with oxygen, and titanium in the mineral is mainly tio2 and titanium.
The form of acid exists, often symbiotic with iron, to form a variety of minerals, with more than 140 minerals containing more than 1 per cent of the titanium, titanium, titanium, titanium, titanium, titanium, titanium, titanium, titanium ore, etc., of industrial value.
However, due to the high economic value of titanium resources and their high mining potential dependent on the quality of minerals, titanium mining resources currently of industrial value are mainly titanium ore ore ore and gold ore.
It's 42-48%, and the titanium concentrate of titanium from alluvial mines can be more than 50%. The titanium mine is currently the most wanted titanium resource, which can be used directly as a source of titanium powder for sulphate, but the process produces large amounts of sulphate sub-iron salt, causes significant environmental stress and waste large amounts of iron resources. To make full use of the iron in the titanium mine, it is possible to use the iron of the titanium mine.
Polymetallurgical plants use titanium mines as feedstock for electric smelters, with raw iron and high titanium slags followed by high titanium slags as feedstock for the production of titanium powder by sulfur acid or chlorination. (2) Gold ore: gold ore is one of the most widely distributed alluvial minerals in titanium mines, with a high grade of tio2 content.
Generally above 2%, containing impurities such as Fe, mg, al, si, ca, etc., the extraction of minerals through re-selection, magnetic selection, float selection, electro-selection and acid leaching will result in high-grade concentrates of 95%-99% of the titanium content of titanium powder, sponge titanium, titanium tetrachloride, etc. for use in the production of products such as titanium powder, titanium titanium, titanium trichloride, etc.
The relatively small reserves make it difficult to meet production needs, and therefore a large amount of synthetic gold ore (also known as synthetic gold ore) is required as an alternative. At present, most of the mainstream manufacturers use titanium or titanium slag as their raw material, using such methods as leaching of sulphuric acid, leaching of hydrochloric acid, chlorination options and corrosion reduction methods to produce artificial gold ore.
Figure 13: The present industrially mined titanium resources are mainly titanium ore and gold ore, and the different types of titanium ore and the corresponding titanium powder production processes are indicative of the global titanium ore-based resources concentrated in countries such as China, Australia and India.
Usgs data show that global titanium reserves by 2021 totalled approximately 749 million tons (in tio2), of which titanium, iron ore and redstone reserves were 700 million tons and 49 million tons, respectively, representing 93.41 per cent and 6.59 per cent respectively. Subregionally, global titanium resources are mainly distributed among countries such as China, Australia, India, and China, among which titanium resources.
The largest amount, a total of 230 million tons, or 30.7 per cent, was produced in 2021 by global titanium minerals (in tio2), of which China, South Africa and Mozambique produced 3 million tons, 1,090,000 tons, 979,000 tons, or 33.2 per cent, 12.1 per cent and 12.1 per cent respectively.
In addition, as an important complement to titanium ore and gold ore, global production of titanium-rich (including titanium slag and man-made gold ore) in 2021 amounted to 1.31 million tons (in tio2), with South Africa, Canada, Australia and Norway accounting for 30 per cent, 45 per cent, 13 per cent,
However, it is worth noting that, despite the wealth of domestic titanium resources, high-grade titanium mines still depend on their entry points. At this stage, the country’s titanium mines are all titanium mines, with a low overall grade and relatively scarce resources.
2.2.1 The country is one of the major producers of titanium powder, which can take up half of the world's surfaces, and half of the world's titanium powder production, which can take up half of the world's surfaces.
Since 2017, domestic titanium powder production has gradually increased, with an overall upward trend in its share of global production. By 2021, total titanium production had reached 4.59 million tons, accounting for 53.9% of global titanium production, and overseas titanium powder production was concentrated mainly in the United States and Germany.
In terms of regional distribution, apart from China and abroad, the United States, Germany and the United States are ranked second in terms of capacity, with titanium powder producing a global share of 16% and 6%. In addition, countries such as the United Kingdom, Japan, Mexico, and Australia are ranked 2.2.2 and domestic titanium production is dominated by small and medium-sized enterprises, and there is still room for further industrial concentration.
In November of that year, the top six producers of titanium powder in the country, namely, the Dragon Song Group, the China Nuclear titanium Group, the Shandong Dongja Group, the Golden Sea titanium industry, the Nanjing titanium industry, and the Xugen Chemical Industry, had a total capacity of 2.38 million tonnes/year, with a capacity of 49%. Domestic titanium powder production, dominated by small and medium-sized enterprises, is expected to increase further in the concentration of future industries.
As of 2021, there were 42 fully-processed enterprises with normal production conditions in the Chinese titanium powder industry, with a total capacity of 4.4870 million tonnes/year.
For the future, we believe that the future will be accompanied by a gradual clean-up of the capacity of small- and medium-sized enterprises, with a further increase in the concentration of the domestic titanium industry. 2.2.3, with limited production of additional titanium powder in the country, there is still uncertainty about the location of the construction/construction potential.
In October 2019, the National Development and Reform Commission published the Directory of Guidance on Industrial Restructuring (2019 editions), which clearly states that:
The production of titanium powder sulphate is included in the “restrictive category” project; the production of titanium powder with single-line capacity of 30,000 tonnes/year and above is included in the “incentive category” project; and the combined construction/proposed construction of titanium powder in the country amounts to 2.73 million tons, but the location of the additional capacity remains uncertain.
According to company announcements and data on the moor, the country’s titanium powder industry had built/to build capacity totalling 2.73 million tonnes/year by November 2022. Despite the large-scale construction/to-do capacity, we believe that there is still a lot of uncertainty about the future of the titanium powder industry’s new production potential, mainly because (1) the proposed capacity is only for project planning.
In particular, some projects need to be phased in, and there is currently no definite time for production: (2) the current titanium powder industry is at a low point, with product prices below the industry cost line, construction projects are under way or the pace of construction is slowing down, and production is delayed. 2.3 Demand: macroeconomic recovery is resonant with improvements in the margins of property, demand for titanium powder or a backlash.
The paint and plastics sector is the main downstream application of titanium powder. According to the company ' s annual report 2021, global titanium, in which building paint is the largest application, accounting for 23.78% of total titanium powder demand. Downstream demand is weak, and titanium powder is now low.
There has been a steady increase in observed consumption, from 2.26 million tons per year to 2.56 million tons per year, with an average compound increase of 3.13 per cent per year. Since 2022, as a result of a slowdown in macroeconomic growth and a decline in the landscape of the real estate sector, the demand for domestic titanium downstream has declined, from 2.05 million tons per year to November, a 13.4 per cent decline.
2.3.1 Intensity of enabling policies, weak or marginal improvements in the real estate sector Weak policy regulation and overall pressure on the real estate sector. Since 2022, the domestic real estate sector has experienced a rapid decline, completion and marketing, influenced by recurrent epidemics, macro-economic downswings and property regulation policies.
A 19 per cent decline in square metres over the same period and a cumulative sales area of 1,213 million square metres over the same period, a 23.3 per cent decline in figure 22: 19 per cent reduction in the number of completed houses in the country in January-November 2022; intensive support policies and improvements in the real estate sector or marginality. Since November 2022, central banks, silver insurance, etc.
Some sectors, such as the Supervisory Board, have introduced a series of enabling policies covering various aspects of credit financing, bond financing, equity financing, etc., to support the smooth and healthy development of the real-estate market. We believe that the current landscape of the real-estate industry is either at the bottom of the picture, and that the future will be accompanied by steady progress in supporting policies, with the prospect of marginal improvements in the real estate sector.
According to the website of the National Health Council, on November 11, the National Health Council issued a circular on the further optimization of measures to prevent and control new coronary pneumonia.
Publication of 20 measures to further optimize prevention and control. These include: (i) adjustment of the management of the "7-day centralized isolation + 3-day household health monitoring" to "5-day centralized isolation + 3-day family segregation" for close contact persons, which is time-limited and non-exit. 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 5th days of centralized medical observation, one test of nucleic acid each.
One nucleic acid test each on the first and third day of a family isolation medical observation. (ii) accurate and timely identification of close contact. (iii) no more nucleic connections. (iii) adjustment of “7-day centralized isolation” of high-risk area spillers to “7-day isolation” to “7-day isolation” management and non-exitation. 1 nucleic acid test each on the first, third, fifth and seventh day of a home separation.
Testing. (iv) Adjusting risk zones from “high, medium, low” to “high, low” and minimizing the number of managers.
According to Xinhua, on 14 December, the Central Chinese Communist Party (CCP) and the State Council issued the Strategic Framework for the Expansion of Domestic Demand (2022-2035) and issued a circular requesting that all sectors of the region implement it carefully.
Skinning and nurturing a whole system of domestic demand is the inevitable option to accelerate the construction of a new development landscape dominated by a domestic and international dual cycle that is mutually reinforcing, and to promote strategic decision-making for long-term development and long-term stability in the country. At the same time, the year should be characterized by steady and steady progress, continued active fiscal policy and sound monetary policy, and increased.
As we look forward to the future, we believe that with the gradual optimization of disease-control policies and sustained growth policies, the country’s macroeconomics are expected to recover, and the demand for titanium powder downstream is expected to recover.
2.4 Exports: The capacity of overseas titanium powder production has been reduced, domestic exports of titanium powder have continued to grow, overseas titanium has been under pressure, and overall capacity has been reduced. The cost of raw materials, energy and power, labour, etc. of overseas titanium powder production enterprises is higher than in the country, and is facing a more stringent environmental environment.
Against this background, the overall capacity of overseas titanium powder has declined in recent years. For example, Connors expects to shut down the 35,000 tons of sulphate powder production line at the Leverkusen plant in Germany in early 2021.
Domestic exports of titanium powder have been rising. According to the data on the Mobil in Begawa, domestic exports of titanium powder have increased steadily between 2017 and 2021, from 8308 to 131.17 million tons, with an average compound growth rate of 12.09 per cent per year.
Since 2022, domestic exports of titanium powder have continued to grow at a high rate, with cumulative exports of 1,279.1 million tons in January-November, an increase of 8.58 per cent compared to the previous year.According to the regional distribution, Asian countries are mainly exporting titanium powder.
In 2021, 1.31 million tons of titanium powder were exported from the country, of which India, Brazil, Korea, Turkey, Viet Nam, India and India accounted for 13 per cent, 7 per cent, 6 per cent, 6 per cent, 5 per cent, and 5 per cent respectively. Overall, Asian countries accounted for 2.5 per cent of the national titanium powder, supply-demand matching: titanium powder prices are expected to rebound.
At the supply end, the capacity of domestic titanium sulphate production is severely limited, and the Industrial Structural Adjustment Directory (2019 edition) has explicitly proposed the inclusion of new titanium sulphate devices in the “restrictive category.” At the same time, while the titanium industry is building/initiating production capacity totalling 2.73 million tons, taking into account the impact of the phased implementation of the project and the pace of construction, among other factors,
At the demand end, while the current climate in the domestic titanium industry is low, the future will be accompanied by a steady advance in land-support policies and a gradual recovery in macroeconomics, with either lower demand for titanium powder, which will continue to improve. In this context, titanium prices are also expected to rebound.
2.6. Companies: The bottom of the cycle has expanded, with multiple initiatives to build up the company’s titanium powder cost advantage. The bottom of the cycle has expanded, with the company’s total titanium powder production expected to reach 1.51 million tons per year by the beginning of 2023. As a leader in the domestic titanium industry, the company, relying on its significant cost advantages in recent years, has continued to accelerate the expansion of its capacity.
By the end of 2021, the company ' s total titanium powder production had reached 1.01 million tons/year. Since 2022, despite a decline in the landscape of titanium powder industry, the company has seized the opportunity and the bottom of the cycle has expanded, and by the end of 2022, total titanium powder production has increased to 1.21 million tons/year, while an additional 300,000 tons of active capacity is expected to be operational by early 2023, the current year will be the beginning of the year.
At that time, the company ' s total titanium powder production capacity is expected to reach 1.51 million tons/year. Meanwhile, the company ' s multiplicity of initiatives has gone hand in hand to reduce the cost of titanium production: (1) economies of scale: the size of the capacity is at the top of the industry.
As a leading company in the titanium industry, by the end of 2022, the company had a total capacity of 1.21 million tons of titanium powder per year, with the largest production capacity in the industry. Larger capacity could result in corresponding cost advantages for companies in terms of raw materials procurement, fixed cost sharing, thereby reducing the combined cost of production of products, and generating excess revenues in the industry.
At the same time, with the gradual realization of future capacity-building, the size of the company ' s total capacity and the city ' s share are expected to rise to a new level, and the scale effect will become more apparent. (2) Own-own mines: titanium self-sufficiency is expected to rise gradually.
According to the company announcement, the cost of the company's titanium powder business between 2018 and 2021 was more than 60% of the cost of raw materials, with titanium mine as the main raw material, whose high and low self-sufficiency was instrumental in reducing the company's titanium powder cost. According to our calculations, the company's titanium self-sufficiency rate was 50% in 2022.
Right, in parallel with the future expansion of the company ' s mining capacity, it is expected that since 2023 the company ' s titanium self-sufficiency rate will be used as a combination of (3) by-products: by-products of products such as sulphate 7 and gold and red stones, based on the completion environment of the Technical Adaptation Project for the Gold and Pyrome Production Lines of 200,000t/a High-end Gold and Pyromite.
Protection of receiving and inspection reports and acceptance observations, which allow companies to produce by-products such as 7-water sulfate sub-iron and gold sulfate in the production of titanium powder using sulfate, for their own use or export. In addition, companies can produce by-products of sulfate sub-iron in the production of sulfate or synthetic sulfate for raw materials, thus further reducing titanium.
Integrated production costs of white powder.3. Sponge titanium: The demand for titanium is promising and either upstream titanium or it will fully benefit from titanium titanium is a titanium metal monomer, typically a shallow gray particle or sponge pattern, which is an important raw material for the production of titanium.
From the production process, the production of sponge titanium is broadly divided into two components: (1) the production of titanium tetrachloride using high titanium sludge chlorination, the main processes being boiling chlorination, molten salt chlorination and furnace chlorination, where the boiling chlorination method is the current main flow method: (2) the reduction and distillation of titanium tetrachloride, i.e., the magnesium thermal method, is the combination of fine titanium tetrachloride at high temperatures.
The molten metal magnesium reacts with sponge-like titanium and molten magnesium chloride, which is then distilled in a vacuum to remove chlorinated magnesium and excess magnesium from sponge titanium, thereby obtaining pure titanium.
3.1.1 China is the largest producer of sponge titanium in the world, accounting for about 60 per cent of global titanium production in 2021, 22.73 million tons in 2021 and 60 per cent in China. According to the China titanium industry development report 2021, global titanium production in 2021 totalled 22.7 million tons, a 0.5 per cent increase in the same year.
China, Japan and Russia, the top three producing countries, with 13999 tons, 350,000 tons and 27,000 tons respectively, accounted for 61.6 per cent, 15.4 per cent and 11.9 per cent respectively.
According to the report, domestic production of sponge titanium increased from 62,000 tons to 13999 tons between 2015 and 2021, at an average annual rate of 14.53 per cent. Meanwhile, by 2021, the total capacity of the country ' s nine sponge titanium producers had reached 181,000 tons, with an industrial capacity utilization rate of 77.29 per cent in that year.
For production enterprises, according to the China titanium Industrial Development Report 2021, the top three producers of titanium production in the country in 2021 were Xinjiang, Xinjiang New Materials Technology Limited, Sponge titan Branch of the Mountain Group Limited, and Luoyang Trevanki Tiandi, respectively.
For 2.6 million tons, 243,000 tons and 20 million tons, the combined yield is 50.23 per cent.3.1.3 Some high-end domestic sponge titanium is still import-dependent, with a net import volume of 1.3 million tons in 2021, although domestic sponge titanium production has steadily increased, the quality of sponge titanium is still deficient and the product structure is at the lower and medium end.
841 tons of exports, net imports of 12994 tons. At the same time, domestic imports of sponge titanium are above export unit prices from 2014 to the present, with import and export unit prices as at 2021 at US$ 7568 per tonne and US$ 5138 respectively. Figure 37: Net domestic imports of titanium in 2021 at 1.3 million tons
Figure 38: Domestic imports of sponge titanium more than export unit prices in 2014 to date 3.2. Demand: accelerated release of titanium demand, major increases in chemical, aerospace and other contributions 3.2.1, high growth in domestic titanium consumption and the largest use of titanium in the chemical industry
titanium has a high performance and a wide range of applications. titanium metals are known as “space metals”, “marine metals”, “modern metals” and “strategic metals” and are ultimately widely used in aerospace, ship-bound, space-resistant, high-temperature, low-temperature, strong corrosion-resistant, biocompatibility, etc.
Ship manufacturing, chemical petrochemicals, transport, weapons, sea, electricity, construction, metallurgy, medical, moving equipment, living goods and light industry, etc., clothing, fishing gear, tent poles, etc.
Living goods are widely used in glasses, watches, computers, cameras, games, mobile phones, antennas, musical instruments, kitchen appliances, handicrafts, etc. Consumption of titanium in the country has increased steadily from 2015 to date, rising by 32.98 per cent in 2021 compared to the same year. According to the China titanium Industrial Development Report 2015-2021, domestic consumption of titanium rose from 437,000 tons between 2015 and 2021.
According to data from the China titanium Industrial Development Report 2021, in 2021, chemical and air space, as the first two applications, amounted to 586 million tons and 245,000 tons, respectively, representing 47.08 per cent, 3.2.2 per cent, and the chemical and aerospace industries flourished, contributing to a major increase in the demand for titanium in the country.
According to China ' s titanium industrial development report for 2015-2021, from 2015 to 2021, in the chemical sector, titanium has become one of the major corrosion-resistant materials in chemical equipment.
The use of titanium instead of stainless steel, nickel-based alloys and other metals as corrosion resistant materials is important for improving product quality, prolonging the life of equipment, reducing energy consumption and increasing labour productivity. Currently in the chemical industry, titanium equipment has been used from the original pure alkali, the burning industry has gradually expanded to chlorate, ammonium chloride,
Since 2021, capital investment in the domestic manufacture of chemical raw materials and chemicals has increased rapidly. As far as aviation is concerned, titanium is one of the main materials in aircraft structure and engine.
Monk, airframes, landing gears, firewalls, wings, tails, beams, caps, multipliers, bones, brake brakes, shut-downs, fastenings, forward wheels, archers, flaps, slabs, signs and signal boards. In the field of aviation, titanium applications have a number of advantages: (1) reduced structural weight and improved structural efficiency;
(2) High-temperature-resistant performance: (3) meets the requirements for matching composites: (4) meets the high corrosivity and long-term demand for titanium in the field of military and civil aviation. On the overseas side, according to Liu Shifeng et al., 2020, the application and development of titanium alloys and titanium-based composite materials in aerospace, since the 1950s,
For both military and civilian aircraft, titanium use is on the rise overall. At this stage, aircrews, Boeing, etc., have more than 10% titanium content in the latest civilian aircraft type, while f-22 and f-35 have about 30% titanium content. On the domestic front, Cao Chun-hsiao, a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, has spoken at the Academy of Sciences.
The amount of titanium used has reached 25%, while the amount of titanium transported domestically is similar to that of the US c-17, with titanium in all cases amounting to 9.3% and single machine titanium amounting to 3.92 tonnes, and is expected to be fully pulled in the future with its mass production.
As far as space is concerned, titanium is used primarily for rocket motor casings, rocket nozzle tubes, missile casings and hulls of spacecraft or fuel and oxidizer storage tanks and other high-pressure containers. For space vehicles, in addition to satisfying the performance requirements for the use of titanium alloys in aviation, there must be high temperature resistance, low temperature resistance, radiation resistance, etc.
At this stage, titanium has become an indispensable and vital material in the space field. According to The Application and Development of titanium alloys and titanium-based composite materials in aerospace, published by Liu Shifeng et al., 2020, about 85% of the 50 pressure vessels of the American “Apollo” spacecraft were made of titanium; the first Japanese experimental satellite, the Great Cape, was used.
titanium titanium alloys: Russia has also made extensive use of titanium alloys on the Energy-Snow, Peace-1, Progress, Venus, and Moon spacecraft. Thanks to the many excellent properties of titanium, the growth in demand is expected to fully benefit from the booming space industry.
Figure 45: The cz-xx series uses low temperature ta7eli titanium alloy cylinders 3.3. Supply-demand interface: demand-driven growth, future prospects: titanium has low density, higher intensity, low heat conductivity, good tolerance for high temperature and low temperature, high corrosion tolerance, and high demand-driven growth.
Biocompatibility has a wide range of superiors and uses. Between 2015 and 2021, domestic titanium consumption reached 9.36 and 12.45 million tons, an increase of 35.94 per cent and 32.98 per cent, respectively, respectively.
3.4. Companies: SpongeBob products are highly structured, full-process production significantly reduces costs. In terms of production capacity, the company has a capacity of 50,000 tonnes/year of sponge titanium, and is in the process of producing 30,000 tonnes/year (expected to be 2024q1) and will have cumulative capacity of 80,000 tonnes/year of sponge titanium production. In terms of product structure, the company sponges
In addition, in terms of production technology, the company uses a process-wide production process to produce raw materials from high titanium slag and uses the excess capacity of titanium powder to produce titanium tetrachloride as a feedstock to be further developed through the magnesium electrolysis process.
The extraction of sponge titanium has effectively reduced production costs.4 Lithium power operations: significant cost advantages are expected to open up the company ' s second growth curve 4.1, companies are actively moving into the lithium electricity industry, and production capacity is gradually being released
In December 2020, the company formed a fully-owned subsidiary to promote new energy sources, and as a major contributor to phosphate iron, phosphate lithium, and graphite.
To date, the three products of corporate phosphate iron, phosphate lithium and graphite are now +350,000 tonnes/year in progress, 350,000/year in progress, and 300,000 tonnes/year in progress. With the progressive release of built/proposed capacity in the future, the company is also expected to achieve a concentrated release period.
4.2. The company takes full advantage of the synergies in the industrial chain, and the iron phosphate cost advantages are significant. Currently, the iron phosphate production process consists of sodium and ammonium. From the production process, the iron phosphate preparation process includes sodium, ammonium, calcium phosphate, fertilizer phosphorus, iron oxide, iron powder, and sodium.
The difference is based on the choice of different reagents to regulate the ph: (1) Sodium method: oxidation of second-price iron to tri-price iron first with iron sulphate plus hemooxyhydride, and then reaction with phosphate, unlike ph, which controls the reaction by injection of sodium hydroxide, synthetic phosphate iron, which produces only a small fraction of the waste water.
Quantities of heavy metals, mainly sodium ion, phosphate root ion, sulfate root ion. (2) Ammonium method: oxidation of 2-priced iron to trivalent iron first with iron sulphate plus dioxyhydride, then reacting to phosphate/phosphate, while controlling the reaction ph through the injection of ammonia (weak alkaline), synthetic phosphate, wastewater generated
In addition to a small amount of heavy metals, these are mainly ammonium ion, phosphate root ion, and sulphate root ion. Many raw materials are self-sufficient, and the company has a significant cost advantage for iron phosphate.
In general, the company ' s iron phosphate industry chain is fully integrated and the upstream raw materials are largely self-sufficient, effectively reducing production costs.
At the same time, we have selected listed companies that are also involved in the titanium or titanium industry, the western materials and the western materials.
As a global titanium powder tap, the company has been accelerating the expansion of its capacity in recent years. With macroeconomic recovery and marginal improvements in real estate, the company is expected to benefit fully from the titanium powder industry.
In addition, companies are accelerating the process of industrial diversification and are expected to contribute key performance gains to companies in the future in the areas of sponge titanium, phosphate iron/ Thiobium, and graphite negative poles. For the first time, the project is not as productive as expected, product prices are falling significantly, and macroeconomic recovery is not as fast as expected.