q1 has performed well, following the progress of the city's shop policy - annual report 2018 and quarterly reviews 2019 - companies publish annual reports 2018 and quarterly reports 2019: 47 billion yuan in 2018, compared to the same year
Increase of 66 per cent; net return to the mother of $3.09 billion, or 22.3 per cent; net profit to the mother of $3.14 billion, or 27.8 per cent, respectively; operating income of $13.7 billion, or 54.7 per cent, in the first quarter of 2019; net profit to the mother of $2.31 billion, or 98.8 per cent, respectively; net profit to the mother of $1.59 billion, or 37.4 per cent, respectively.
The income end remained strong in 2018, with q4 losses on impairment of assets delaying performance significantly increasing the annual income scale. Of this, the total operating income of the middle- and middle-groups increased by 34.3 billion, or 120 per cent, compared to 120 per cent, and the tax-free commodity sales revenue of the main battalion operations grew by 33.2 billion yuan, or 124 per cent.
The unit achieved revenue of $13.4 billion (including unlisted q1) for the whole year in Shanghai, Japan, compared to 300 deep, an increase of 59 per cent in the same year, and the unit price benefited from a joint increase in conversion rates and per capita consumption of 52 per cent in the same year. The net profit rate of 2h18 was 4.5 per cent, a decrease of 1 pct from 1h18.
It is expected to be affected by the projected decline in stock prices; the capital airport t2+t3 achieved revenue of $7.39 billion, a 35 per cent increase in the same year, and a 26 per cent increase in passenger unit prices: exemption from taxes from the island maintained high growth: revenue from sales in the Bay increased by 32 per cent and performance increased by 21 per cent, driven mainly by a demographic increase of 30 per cent for shopping people, a 1 per cent increase in passenger unit prices and an increase in the rate of transformation of shopping.
4 pc to 28%. However, affected by 2h18 rent increases and promotions, the net profit rate in Sea Bay has fallen by 1.2 pct year-round. Māori ratio: optimized product structure associated with rising scale and improved bargaining power after procurement, with the company ' s tax-free Māori ratio rising by 7.4 pct to 53.1% in 2018.
By quarter, 4q18 earned $2.78 billion, an increase of 71 per cent in the same year; the Maori rate was 49.5 per cent, and the ring increased by 7.8 pct, an increase of 15.7 pct. However, the net profit from the deduction of non-mortality decreased by 21 per cent, mainly as a result of the loss of $285 million in impairment of assets and $15 million in cruise plates. For specific reasons of impairment of assets, bad debt losses affected $900 million (the same as last year).
The loss of impairment is mainly due to the increase in the size of the stock after Shanghai and the devaluation of the exchange rate.
2. China Travel (601888): set-up of Hong Kong-town stores, further nationalization strategy.
\triangleright’s overall rate of 12 pct in 2018. Of this, sales costs/management costs increased by 223/48% over the same period, resulting in sales/management costs affecting the airport’s implementation of the new rate of deductions and Japan’s Shanghai scale, as well as the impact of the rise in rent in the Bay of Ribbon.
In the context of the improvement in the Māori rate, the overall net profit rate of the tax-exempt plate is 11.4% (before the interest of the minority shareholders), a decrease of 7.1 pct is lower than the increase in the cost rate during the same period.
1019 The growth in performance has accelerated with a modest increase in tax-free Māori (Māori) rate of 1q19, which is 55% higher than the corresponding increase of 28% + higher than international/regional passenger throughput.
However, the company’s net profit rate is 11.7 per cent lower than the 1.5 pcc. In addition, q1 companies account for a loss of 3.56 million yuan in asset impairment, or 1 per cent of pre-tax profits, and are still expected to be associated with a decline in inventory prices due to the devaluation of the exchange rate.
According to data from q1 countries, which account for 76.7% of duty-free sales in Korea, there is still much room for overseas consumption to return. It is expected that, in the context of the diversification of duty-free shopping channels, the continued release of tax-free dividends from Hainan off-island, and the convergence of sales patterns on-line, our residents are expected to converge from the current 20% penetration rate of 70% + to South Korea, with industrial space expected to more than double over the next three to four years. Companies, by virtue of their size and pre-emptive advantage, are expected to deploy through full channels.
In addition, following the launch of the National Travel Service, companies are focusing more on tax-free operations, and future offshore tax-free bidding, mergers and acquisitions, along with the expansion of domestic tax-free channels, procurement of Māori, etc., have become the focus of the company’s future business work plan, which, together with a quantitative and qualitative increase, is expected to make the company the world’s leading retailer of global tourism.
The city’s tax-free shopping policy is not moving as fast as expected: the risk of exchange rate fluctuations. Jong-chuk, Dean of the Human Development Institute, and Dr. Vanderbilt University of Finance Mathematics, Dr. Johns Hopkins University, Bachelor of Arts, Shanghai University, futures trading.
After Dr. Ihwan, Research Assistant in Social Services and Transport of Civil Securities, and Master of Finance, University of Honji, have been engaged in social service research in the Seaton Securities, and airline companies in equity investment.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.