Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Centre 18 years of one-time cost to delay performance, 19q1 high performance growth Company fundamentals (RMB)
The 18-year decline in profit growth was mainly due to cost-raising, currency exchange losses and stock price falls, with a tax-free increase of $10.45 billion; 3) the high growth of the airport in the capital and its impact in April of 17 years (7,389 million in 18 years compared to 4,311 million in the same period last year);4
In November 17, Hong Kong airport was opened on a trial basis. The net profit was avoided by RMB 3,078 million/+23.5%, of which a net gain of RMB 1,106 million/+21% was realized in Sea Bay.
A 4.5 per cent rate (considering 51 per cent shareholding rate). Cost-based view of rental costs in sales costs. 2. China Travel Stock Exchange and 18-year tax-exempt performance instruments.
With an increase of about $2 billion, the opening of Hong Kong Airport is expected to increase by about $1 billion in November 17th.
4. " China Travel Company " , " China Travel Company " , " China Travel Company " , " 19q1 Company " , with a net profit growth rate of 55.9 per cent, attributable to the profit from the investment that travel agencies were stripped of, and " China Travel Company " , " China Travel " , " China Travel Company " , " China Travel " , " and " Out of the Island " tax-exempt " , "
Starting in March of the year, there was a difference in calibre, and the collection schedule for stock operations such as Seagate Bay and Capital Airport has been maintained at a high rate of growth. The 98.8% increase in net profit returns is due to the company's investment gains from the travel agency's operations, which are expected to yield investment returns of $890 million, net of non-recurring gains and losses.
Investment logic — short-term view of 19 years of city-wide tax-free shop opening and policy adjustment expectations, high tax-free growth, long-term view of tax-exempt scenarios and continued expansion in internationalization, scale effects and product-type adjustments, interest rate hikes, profit margins, policy benefits (support for tax-free counter-purchases) and consumption returns
There is still room for marginal improvement for 19 years, a breakthrough in the city’s tax-free shop policy and the opening of domestic stores.
The Māori rate was not as high as expected; duty-free shops in the city were less than expected; tax-free business rights were liberalized in the country; RMB exchange rates continued to depreciate: stock-free shops that were affected by economic weakness performed less than expected.
In 18 years, China's travel agency split its annual report data by 47 billion yuan/+66.21 per cent, of which sales volume was 34,335 million yuan/+119.81 per cent. The increase in the share of sales was due to the increase in the share of sales, with travel agencies accounting for 10 per cent of the gross and gross sales of goods.
The profit is 52.24%. We have a split analysis of the company's revenues, costs and net profit performance.
The net profit of the company ' s tourism services to its shareholders in the listed companies is expressed in the amount of -44 million yuan, compared with the tax-exempt mastership that the Chinese National Brigade will focus on during the same period last year, exercising its tax-exempt dominance.
Tax exemptions have grown faster, with acquisitions and multiple winning projects leading to high tax-free block growth: tax-free commodity sales revenue in the company collection structure amounted to $33,227 million/+123.59 per cent, and Māori amounted to 53.09 per cent/+7.36 pct. Next, we will focus on the split of revenue and profit performance in duty-free goods.
The growth in corporate duty-free goods is mainly due to the continued high growth of the Sea Bay tax-free shop (18-year revenues of $8.010 billion/+31.66 per cent); 2) exemption from acquisitions in Shanghai, Shanghai (started in March 2018 with a schedule); the increase in tax-free camp receipts in 18 years was $10.45 billion; and the high growth of the airport in the capital and the April 17 merger.
The net profit of the exempt group in the company’s operating tax-exempt subjects is 3,078 million yuan/+23.5%, and the net interest rate is 890 million yuan/-6.9 pct.
We will then interpret the net profit growth rate of the China-China group as inconsistent with the growth rate of the harvest by two dimensions: the dimensions of each sub-project - mainly divided into tax-exempt stores operating in Sea Bay, Shanghai and Beijing Airports: $8.01 billion/+31.66 per cent in 18 years, with tax-free sales of goods.
The increase in tax-free revenue in Sea Bay is much higher than the increase in profits attributable mainly to 1) and the rise in rental income (we have increased from 17 years to 118 million yuan in net profits from the U.S.I.I.C.I.S.C.
The overall profits increased by $30 million, while the National Brigade invested in the development of the Hakoshima project, the establishment of the National Brigade (Seaguchi) Investment Development Company Ltd. and the overall tax-free shop increased its rental income by more than 30 million dollars; 2) the company raised some of the overhead costs of the bonus. In 18 years, the q4 Sea Bay collected about $2,298 million.
Free-of-charge shop at the Beijing capital airport: In 18 years, tax-free shops at the capital airport (including t2 and t3 air terminal) generated $7,389 million in operating income, and in the same period last year (April with tables) generated $4,311 million in operating income. The airport ' s new withholding contracts and operators have been adjusted, and China (51%) has been moved from China to China.
The camp t3 terminal achieved a revenue of $6.74 billion and the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company was $176 million, with a net interest rate of 2.6 per cent (taking into account 51 per cent shareholding), and the decrease in the net interest rate was mainly attributable to the implementation of the new rate of deductions.
Shanghai Airport tax-free shop: 18 years since March, 18 years of revenue collection of 10,051 million yuan (including the Pudong and Rainbow Bridge airports), resulting in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 467 million yuan, with a net interest rate of 4.5 per cent (considering 51 per cent shareholding), compared to before Shanghai was acquired
For the year as a whole, the net profit is expected to fall by about $2 billion, of which the shareholding rate is 80%, which is more than the $65 million lost at Hong Kong Airport last year.
The sum of 18 years of tax-free revenue in Shanghai is 30% higher than in the company’s tax-free camp, and the overall level of Maori is higher in Shanghai. At the same time, it is public.
The Division is able to achieve a certain increase in the Māori rate with a scale effect. 2) Sales cost perspective: 18 years of sales costs for companies of $11.6 billion, an increase of $8.70 billion over the same period last year, with higher rental costs (18 years of rental costs of $8.94 billion, up from last year)
In addition, about $7.1 billion has been added. Because of the cost of leasing the Shanghai airport and the chart, which is estimated at $3.53.6 billion, the capital has increased the cost of leasing approximately $1 billion a year, and the cost of selling has fluctuated considerably in recent years, owing to the acquisition of companies and the winning of several tax-exempt projects.
The performance of T2 duty-free shops at Cloudfield will further increase the cost of sales. 3) Gains and losses on exchange: the net loss on exchange in 2018 was $118 million, and the exchange gains over the same period last year affected the company’s net profit figures by about $150 million.
Prudently, the net profits of the company as a result of stock price declines are estimated at 200 million yuan. In 19 years, the quarterly report of the Chinese National Brigade splits the data for the first quarter of the year, the company achieved business income of 13.39 billion yuan/+54.72 per cent, attributable to the net share of listed companies.
The profits were 2,306 million yuan/+99 per cent and the net profit from non-repatriation was 1.59 billion yuan/+37.4 per cent.  The company ' s travel agency operations were severed in February, while the collection performance of inventory operations, such as the Bay of the Sea and the airport of the capital, continued to grow at a high rate owing to the difference in calibres that had occurred since March 18 in Shanghai.
The increase of 55 per cent is attributable mainly to the January-February Shanghai airport and the non-recording of the table during the same period last year. The net return profit increase of 37 per cent, net of non-recurring gains and losses, is in line with market market expectations.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment