Three-quarterly review of 2023: The turquoise scene continues to be explored, electricity is improving on October 24, 2023.
Yellow Shi Tao Keyword: #City increase incident: company discloses 3-quarter 2023 with business income/mother ' s net profit/situation achieved in the previous 3 quarters
The company’s income for the first quarter of the year was weak compared to that of the previous period, the higher wind and electric veils fluctuated, the industry’s output was not as good as expected, stocks were kept high, and price competition intensified. The sample company’s original veil stock in late September was 901,000.
Tons, compared to +52,000 tons at the end of June, the average price of non-alkali 2400tex entangled in the direct veil q3 decreased by $1260/tonne on a year-on-year basis, the ring q2 dropped by $260/tonne, and the price of other groups of goods also decreased to varying degrees. (2) q3 one-month exchange resulted in fluctuations in financial cost rates and a decline in return for investment and disposal of assets. (1) Company
The impact of profit fluctuations; the return on the disposal of q3 assets decreased by $4.275 million to $180 million relative to q2, and (3) the operating cash flow decreased and the debt ratio remained generally stable. (1) The net cash flow of company q3 operations was $120 million, corresponding to -21.2 per cent, mainly due to cash received for the sale of commodities and the maturity of bank coupons
Reduction in receipts; cash paid by company q3 for fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets is $1 billion, with 140 days of inventory turnover, with a slight increase in the ring comparison, reflecting a higher than q2 for q3 sales, which is expected to continue with the crude view, and the electronic view is expected to improve first. (1) Short-term wind demand
The recovery, the demand for thermoplastics has improved and prices are expected to improve in the q4 sector. After further downfalls in the q4 industry, the industry’s losses have increased further, and it is expected that mid- and low-end production capacity is close to the cash cost line, cleared or will accelerate, but the additional capacity has not yet been fully released, and the industry’s inventory has been deactivated.
The company, with its strong cost advantage, is expected to accelerate the increase in market share in the lower cycle of the industry. (2) E-Book chain stocks have fallen to medium-low, and prices have recovered in three quarters as industry confidence has been restored, if the downwind is expected to go one.
Report: Low profile highlights structure and performance  Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies take advantage of high-end market opportunities at the bottom of the industry, build on cost advantages and demand balance repairs to create profitability
But short-term demand is weak, and the new production capacity is not yet fully released, and the balance of supply and demand in the industry is still to be repaired and the stock devalued. China’s three major financial forecasting tables for the Great Stones are still in progress.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.