Increased competition at the bottom of the bra industry and the condition for price increases in electronic fabrics, October 24, 2023 \triangleright
Crude veil: 23q3 units of net profit expected to fall and industry competition increased (1) On the unit price side, 23q3 has a national average price of 2400tex per ton per year for direct entanglement, which is $3650 per ton, compared to 26.1 per cent per year, and the ring is still down by 7.4 per cent q3 and is expected to be better than the 23h1 scenario.
The wind and power market q3 demand has fluctuated, while the demand for other downstream areas is still relatively weak. (2) For sales, according to Treasure Information data, the industry stock at the end of 23q3 was 90.13 million tons, an increase of 5.16 million tons over the end of 23q2, especially in July-August.
(c) On the profit side, 23q3 did not return a net profit of $354 million, considering that 23q3 non-net interest was lower than 23q2
Electronic sheeting: prices have rebounded, new supply has been reduced, demand has improved and price increases have been made \triangleright unit price, with an average cost of approximately $3.55/m for electronic sheeting in the 23q3 sector, comparable to 7.7 per cent, ring ratio - 0.3 per cent, price point
At the end of the month, there was no large-scale e-button delivery of 7628 in the industry, new or equally low supply next year, except for the giant stones - 2023/08/19.
Like, 2q3 downstream pcb demand rings warmed up, for example, monthly harvests at pcb plants in Taiwan, China, since July
4. China ' s Great Stone (600176.sh) 2022 Annual Report Review: The lower supply investment was due to both domestic and external macro-environmental impacts, and the current prices of the fibre-optic industry and single-ton profitability were in line with expectations in q4 and 23 years of crude fundamentals were improving on a seasonal basis
The bottom stage. A combination of short-term braid prices still needs to be sharpened, with the bottom stage focusing on the supply side of the industry (product structure, low end, high-cost backward capacity to exit) and the business edge of the head enterprise (middle- and high-end “troika” product composition continues to rise, with zero carbon bases leading the world).
5. China ' s Great Stone (600176.sh) announces the construction of the first zero-carbon base for the entire world, with a proposed new allocation of 400,000 tons of fibre-optic capacity - 2 companies looking at: 1 sculpt is still in the grinding phase, and is concerned about the supply side of the industry and the expansion of the advantages of head operations.
2 Electronic sheet prices rebounded, with fewer new supplies, better demand conditions for price increases, and a 30-per-cent carbon base leading the world in the hope of creating a new cost-leading advantage and maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.