China's Great Stone (600176) q3 fell in performance and the price of the electronic veil recovered steadily
q3 shuffle prices fell, company revenue and net profit fell by the same year, q3 became operational in a single season in 2023.
Prices have fallen sharply. In the last three quarters of 2023, the construction materials market was affected by demand, which was driven by the downside of the property, and the weak demand for the bra. In 2023, the country’s fibre-clothing capacity was released, the industry competed, and prices fell.
The average price of entangled direct veils at 2400tex was $3520.04 per ton, down 16.91% from the same period last year. The product restructuring started to show positive results, electronic veil prices recovered steadily in the rapid development of the car electronics, building of base stations, etc.
Building, increasing the share of high- and medium-end products and increasing electronic distribution. At the demand side of the electronic veil industry, the overall start of the downstream pcb market is still low. While there has been an increase in sales of end-of-pipe vehicles and electronics-related sales, the new single orders for pcb manufacturers are still limited, and the overall demand side is still weak.
According to Treasure Information, in September, the average monthly price of the electronic veil g of the country’s main fibre-optic company was $8,600 per ton, an increase of 3.3% in the ring comparison, and an increase in the e-savesity. The three lines of electronic gauze, which are 100,000 tons of annual production capacity, were launched in June 2022, bringing some growth in the company’s performance.
The production capacity continues to expand, with the product structure optimized and continued production of 300 million tons of the company's 300 million tons of saves on line 1 during the reporting period, achieving the goal of “e-Kib Global First”. The company's subsequent production capacity continues with a relatively deep 300-percent performance.
With the continued expansion and steady progress in the construction of Egypt’s 120,000-ton crude line project, corporate economies will be strengthened, with stronger dominance in product supply capacity and pricing power, and further entrenchment of the company’s vanguard industry. In addition, optimized restructuring of corporate products will continue and wind power will continue.
At the same time, companies set up the Big Stone New Energy Company, built the world’s first fibre-rich zero-carbon smart manufacturing base, invested in wind power projects, and restructured and transformed the economy.
Investment is proposed as a leading business in the fibreglass industry, with companies having clear advantages in terms of costs, size, technology, brands, etc. As the company’s productive capacity continues to be released and the share of medium- and high-end products rises, it is proposed that the company should be able to increase its value.
Multiply. Maintain a “recommended” rating based on good corporate development expectations.
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.