22 years, affected by cyclical fluctuations and the epidemic, autonomous command set-ups, + ecological stabilization of a vast national alternative space — a report on the evaluation of the events of the company ' s 688047.sh.
According to the results, the company's business income of 2022q4 was $256 million, and the ring grew.
In 2022, there was a significant decline in both corporate operating income and net parent profits, mainly due to: (1) the fact that information-based businesses are more affected by the industry cycle and that the epidemic affects customers; the expansion and delivery of products, resulting in a decline in business income on a par; and (2) the focus on strengthening the industry.
Chain- and ecology-building, active opening of markets, restructuring of products to benefit industry chain partners, Māori rates have declined from 2021; 3) companies have continued to increase R & D inputs, increasing R & D inputs by 22.16 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Nationally autonomous cpu R & D leader, autonomous command set structure + a steady build-up of national alternative space is the only company in the country that insists on building independence based on autonomous command systems
Cpu enterprises with open information technology systems for the Wintel and aa systems.
The main line of industrial eco-building, with full market cooperation with partners in the areas of cybersecurity, office and business information, industrial control and property networking, reached thousands of cooperative plants, hundreds of thousands of downstream developers, serials, etc.
Products have been widely used in sectors such as e-government, energy, transport, finance, telecommunications, and education. In 2021, the company introduced 3a5,000 performances to market-oriented product levels, in 2022, and in 2022, it launched 16 nuclear 305,000, increasing chip performance.
On the basis of the 7a2000 bridge film, the product’s competitiveness has been enhanced by an increase in overall value for money, and various solutions, including two or four roads, have been provided in the server chip roll-out process.
The product, the 6000 series, will also have server products, which will gradually provide a solid basis for companies to move to open markets. Cpu, the number of cpus per server is variable.
In the area of servers, according to idc data, 12.2 million global serviceors were delivered in 2020, an increase of 3.92 per cent over the same period, and in the case of Chinese servers, 3.5 million, an increase of 9.80 per cent over the same period.
Market size will continue to grow, industry-controlled embedded cpu demand will expand, and China will remain the largest consumer market. As international supply chains break down and information security risks increase, overdependence on imports of cpu has developed.
In the last two years, there has been a steady increase in government policy support in the area of national production of cpu, where desktop and service products have been growing rapidly, but the market share is still less than 5%, and national production has become a substitute for space.
Not 1050, 439, 138 times the size of the industry, we believe that the future growth of the company as a fully autonomous domestic R & D enterprise is vast, and for the first time will be over.
The industry’s downside risks, the pace of product R & D are not as fast as expected, the competition for industry to increase risks, and the risk of overseas policy changes, among others.
Mao Jianxing: Master of Materials, University of Kyotan, three years of American semiconductor company work experience, participation in a global lead semiconductor vendor advanced process project, five years of commodity portfolio development experience, and employment in Liu Xin: Master of Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang University of Singapore, and formerly in the Chinese Qing Xin Xian Xian.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly due to, or because of, the specific comments or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.