A steady increase in revenue and a steady decline in profits in the field of energy - High Conservatives ' performance for 2024.
a Distribution Unit (million shares): firm corporate confidence, sustained focus on technological innovation, efforts to improve operational efficiency, drive firm corporate business, build on large model technology systems, roll out document search computing and store series of products
In the age of artificial intelligence, the company relies on long-term accumulations in the field of security, combining self-researched model models with smart computing hardware platforms, upgrading its products to full-scale 3Ds in the fields of intelligence, memory, intelligence search, intellectual use, multi-model integrated computing, trans-model search applications.
In addition, the company will be large based on a large modeling technology system.
Arguments, large sample sizes of graphic multimodel models combined with embedded intelligent hardware depths to release multi-model large model-store series -- file search nvr, filesearch cvr -- to retrace the security video -- to move away from traditional time and space search, alarm, etc., to significantly improve the search efficiency of targets and events.
“Study by the State Dollar Securities Corporation - Halconway (002415.sz) in 2024, more efficient and intelligent business management.” Annual Report Review: Businesses are growing steadily and Innovations are growing rapidly.
On December 16, 2024, China Telecommunications Group Ltd. and China Electric Haikang Group Ltd., in North China, Research on China Dollar Securities Co.-Hiconway (002415.sz) 2023.
There will be a signing ceremony for the cooperation agreement in Kyoto. Heconway will make use of the technical advantages of working with China's telecommunications in the areas of information communication, visual networking, reporting and reporting points for the first quarter of 2024: sound business performance, intelligent families and parks, and industrial digitization, to achieve mutual advantage.
Long, Innovative Business Spaces: 2024.04.27 Complement and Resource Sharing to promote co-development. Based on the core technological advantages of the HALCC, the two sides will work together to focus on pan-intelligent products, landscape-ai applications, etc. in the field of visual business, in the number of industries.
In the field of typographicalization, joint business ventures in priority political and business projects, priority industries, small and medium-sized enterprises, etc., have accelerated the digitalization of thousands of jobs.
The company provides video-centric smartness networking solutions and big data suits to global users, with overall advantages in terms of technology, products and solutions, and a wide range of opportunities for sustained growth. Participation in geopolitical environmental risks; downside risks in the global economy; risks of structural transformation of domestic economies; supply chain winds
Risks; risk of technological upgrading; risk of internal management; risk of legal compliance; risk of exchange rate fluctuations; financial risk due to reduced capacity to pay of customers; cybersecurity risk; intellectual property risk. Index, Hong Kong market benchmark is a permanent index, United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or an NASDAQ index, and the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for agreement transfer targets)
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner by the author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.