The performance has increased steadily and has continued to take advantage of the manufacturing advantage - the Oceanic Industries (603288.sh) incident assessment report, which was released on 28 October 2024, in the third quarter of 2024.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn zhangqian@cfsc.com.cn
The company ' s 2024q1-q3 revenue of $20.399 billion (a 9 per cent increase), a net return of 36.61 per cent, was mainly due to the lower cost of raw materials, and the efficiency of the supply chain would continue to improve as the company continued to build and reach the end, with the same sales/management rates.
By product, the company's 2024q3 sauce/fashion sauce/americ oil/other products have been added, and the sauce and other products have grown rapidly.
There has been a marked increase in confidence, while catering channels maintain a cost-leading advantage, through 1, Seafood (603288): the creation of a diversified product matrix to meet the needs of large-scale restaurants, townships and rural markets, in the industry.
To the supply chain, fully optimized strategic layout. A steady growth in the pressure environment, as of the end of 2024q3, there were 6722 company distributors, representing a net increase of 131 compared to the beginning of the year, while companies targeted electricity on the line.
Multi-operative approaches, such as commercial/community group purchase/live, adapted to the debris site.
In a weak external environment, the company adjusts its pipeline inventory in a timely manner, collating the examination system, strengthening market competitive advantages, tapping into business potential, and following up on distribution channels.
Recovery is matched to new products, and it is hoped to achieve the goal of double-digit growth throughout the year. Based on three macroeconomic downside risks, less than expected recovery in consumption, increased competition in the industry, less productive or less productive, less than expected, and less widespread new products.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The short- and medium-term potential is captured in the short-term; the hard work of thinking about the white wine plate, the deep-seated thinking and insight into the Sou wine is a sub-high-end white wine and soft-drink plate.
It reflects my research. I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.