The seafood industry (603288) food beverages q3 has grown steadily in income and profitability has continued to rise at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: 3-quarter reports issued by the company in 2024, yielding revenue of $20.4 billion in the first three quarters, up from +9.4 per cent in the previous quarter, and up from q3 major industries, the growth of other products has been faster. By sub-products, 30.8/5.8/11/11.1/10.8 billion in the same quarter, respectively.
The inventory has been deconstructed well and the distributors have continued to replenish; other business revenues have increased faster, mainly from products such as company vinegar and alcohol. Sub-regionally, 24q3/line revenues have increased at a rate of +8.1 per cent/+45.4 per cent, respectively, as the company's online channels have been continuously improved and the ring has increased. Sub-regionally, 24q3 East.
The cost-down dividend continues to be released, leading to a steady increase in the profitability of q3. The overall Māori ratio for companies in the first three quarters was 36.8%, compared to +1.3 pp, of which the Māori ratio for q3 was +2.1 pp to 36.6% for the first three quarters; the Māori rate increased mainly as a result of the cost dividend release and the enhanced scale effect. In terms of cost, 24q3 sales were made.
To 2.4% overall, the net interest rate of 24q3 continues to perform well in the medium to long term, benefiting from the cost downside and the scale effect. On the product side, the company maintains its three core business lines of soy sauce, ale and soy sauce, and continues to produce new products such as vinegar, alcohol, etc., using a flavour platform.
At the end of the channel, the company is expected to recover with the help of catering channels. At the same time, at the end of the channel, the product structure is expected to continue to be optimized by accelerating the layout of new products such as zero additions.
Looking ahead, the company's introduction of the employee holding scheme to bind core core interests has helped to fully boost team morale and confidence; the company successfully completed the change of board and senior management team at the end of September, and the core members of the replacement have long served in the company and have extensive industry experience.
Dynamic energy releases, product end-to-end additions, parallel to optimized stock products, and the company’s medium- and long-term performance is expected to continue to improve. 1. Sea weather (603288): q2 performance is bright, seafood (603288): q3 income marginal improvement.
No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.