Business continuity has improved, leading to a steady distance of \triangleright billion yuan, or +11.14 per cent of the year.
Realization of net return to the mother, 1.362 billion yuan, +10.50 per cent of the year; realization of non-confiscation profit, 1,289 million yuan, solid growth in income with q3 and the effect of channel adjustment. Sub-products, 24q3 sauce/trangleright \triangleright
The overall product growth has continued to show the effect of channel adjustment, with other products expected to grow at a higher rate than ever before owing to vinegar, material, and the quarterly expansion of 6722 company distributors up to the end of 24q3, with a net increase of 48.
In the case of Zhang Lingyu, 24q3 achieved a sales gain of $7.259 billion, compared with +12.48 per cent, which is slightly faster than the collection.
The company achieved a Māori ratio of 36.61 per cent, compared to +2.07 pcts, which is expected to be due mainly to: 1) the overall rebound in raw material prices in bulk; 2) the company ' s continued efficiency gains through such measures as lean management, human efficiency enhancement, and technological improvements. Cost end, 24q3 sales/management costs are 5.58 per cent/2.42 per cent, compared to 0.01/+0.03 pcts, respectively.
In the context of stock competition, the company ' s overall contribution has remained stable by virtue of its size and channel advantage; R & D 1. Sea weather (603288.sh) semi-annual report 2024.
The effect of the reforms has been sustained, and the objectives of the four-five plan are well defined. The company has recently successfully completed the board of directors and the high-level weather industry (603288.sh) for three-quarters of 2023, and the new leadership is expected to make a smooth transition for many years, keeping it steady for the four-fifth plan period.
Growth. The company, as the national appetizer leader, has a strong branded moat, product, channel, terminal, and mid-2023, with the result of comprehensive reforms such as construction, with a 24-year goal of net repatriation for the performance appraisal of the company ' s employee holding programme.
Profit growth of no less than 10.8 per cent (excluding equity incentive costs) is seen as a further release of the follow-on reform dividend. 23-year quarterly reviews: short-term pressure, waiting for recovery methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and views.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.