The seafood industry (603288.sh) has continued to improve its operations, and the share of new products and lines has continued to rise.
+9.8%, maintaining a faster growth trend, performing better than the industry as a whole, and we believe that it is mainly due to the success of the change in the Ministry of Interior and Luminoso, as well as to the positive growth of new products and channels.
Robust growth, with a rising share of other products contributing to new growth points. Sub-region, 24q3 East cost decline contributed to an improvement in the Māori rate, with R&D rising as compared to financial cost. 24q3 net return interest rate compared to +2.1 pcts, which we believe is mainly due to lower cost prices for soybeans, packages, etc., and within companies.
Qualitative efficiency gains. The 24q3 sales cost rate was 5.6 per cent, while the management cost rate was 2.4 per cent, and was almost equal to the same rate; and while the Māori rate was better than the same rate, the R&D rate was higher than the financial cost rate, resulting in net corporate interest rates q4 expected to continue the trend of improved performance in the short term, with medium- and long-term concerns for upgrading and channel change.
(1) End-of-income: 24q4 revenue is expected to continue the faster growth trend in view of the continuing effectiveness of the changes within the company, with the spring festivals ahead of schedule; 2) end-of-cost: soybeans and package prices are down the same scale, with an expected increase in the Māori rate of 2404 expected to continue. Long-term, channel end, companies are actively optimising customers.
Household structure and promotion of channel system recovery; product end, active exploration of retorting, organic and low-sugar low-salts, etc., relatively deep-down 300-salts, condensed foods; management, the recent launch of the Staff Holding Scheme, which is expected to enhance in-house staff motivation
On the whole, we believe that multiple positive factors resonance is likely to drive good growth in the long run. Given the company’s long-term competitiveness as a savvy headline, positive adjustments are expected to contribute continuously to improved performance and maintain a “recommended” rating.
The company's evaluation of the seafood industry has been positive in adjusting to the changes, and the company's evaluation of the seafood industry has been gradual.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Liu Guangmi, Master of Economics, joined the Human Security Institute in 2020, and joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, with a focus on non-drinking plates (the catering supply chain, etc.).
This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities do not need to be treated as a customer by the recipient as such. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of services, control investment risks, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy Securities Agency or the customer manager, you should complete the investment.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.