The expected 17-year increase in the 17-year increase is reflected in the steady growth of custom cabinet operations over 18 years of multi-grade expansion.
1) “Eurasian” cabinets are growing faster in the second half of the year: cabinet operations are expected to collect close to $4 billion in the first three quarters of this year, or 24.12%. The main brand, “Eurasian” cabinets q3, increased by 31.77% in the same quarter, compared to 20% in the first half of the year. This is mainly due to retail sales following the change of business lines in the cabinets.
End-of-life end-of-end optimization and talent development outputs (the “Yang Poe” + the “business partnership” scheme) and product innovation (the “Fifteen cabinets + five systems). The q4 “European” cabinets are expected to continue to grow at 30%. In addition, the “Europeans” continue to penetrate channels for 17, 18 years.
Planning shop growth is 100+ and is expected to reach around 2188 by the end of 2017; 2) fast penetration of the “Opery” channel: the year when the “Opery” took over the young consumer market is expected to reach nearly 1,000 shops, and the 18-year start-up is planned to be +300.
With the provincial capital and the second and third-line city, the channels have sunk rapidly, with the O'Hara cabinet and the O'Hareys operating reasonably well, and the future single-store profits entering the upwards route; 3) large-scale operations or over-expected under the consummation trend: 17 years of company operations, the main one.
The q3 one-month bulk business income exceeded 200 million and the income was about 9 per cent +, a year-on-year increase of about 60 per cent (8.15 per cent in 2016). The current trend is driven by the fact that high-quality real-estate traders place more emphasis on the excellent supply of home-based partners.
Chains, cash flows, brand power, and product power tend to have a better profile of the choice, and the Euro-seal business as a front-loader of cabinets is expected to grow faster than expected.
1) q4 continues to stoke, with a significant increase in revenue: collection in the 3rd quarter of the 17th year of the closet business has increased significantly. On the channel side, the number of shops in the first 3 quarters of the company’s custom closets has increased by nearly 380, and 1.
The 17-year plan is about 600 new businesses, and 18-year plan is to build up 300 new businesses over 17 years, with fast-expanding channels to guarantee high income growth: 2. Euro-based households report a high-profile:
3. Europe Homes: First Management Open 2) Multiple Feeds/News to Meet Needs, Increased Prices for Passengers: The Creative Launch of the Company
“19,800”, “23,800” and “29,800” custom closet combinations have been developed and developed to cover “six spaces” in nine new series of products tailored to the space and aesthetic needs of different clients. The package system is favourable to the continuous increase in the unit price of the company’s closet business.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved its income.
20% growth and good growth. The company's current business strategy of “upgrading and opening businesses” is steadily moving forward, with more than 60 shops at the end of the 17th year and 20 new ones planned for the entire 18th year; it is “design-driven, integration”
All European product categories, providing customers with one-stop-to-stop custom-based home-based solutions, are at the forefront of the industry’s development.” The information-based strategy promotes a steady increase in the efficiency of companies’ operations.
A company-owned order-loading system to speed up the new construction of Euro-based production of a new business model of 2025, self-development of the production and movement control system of mscs, development of the aps high-level plan schedule and met workshop on-site implementation management system in cooperation with Siemens, introduction of mcts logistics management system
In the front-end design software, the company continuously refines the Chinese viewing software, continuously promotes the application of three-dimensional design software (Oxley) and quickly imports the mtds system (including the crm system, the barometer, the easy to communicate, the easy to communicate, the easy to communicate)
Development applications for design, easy to install software, and overall upgrading of end designers’ design skills and service levels, performance rates, guest values, and service satisfaction. Restricted equity encourages confidence.
The company announced in July that it would award June 30 as a day of award to about 550 of its 835 incentive recipients, and we kept looking forward to the company's leading position in a stable cabinet business, as well as to the fast-tracking of multi-grade items.