Europa (603833.sh) "The Three Horses One" has come to an early stage, leading the growth industry Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than the industry average
Multi-channel growth + + “Cooker Combine” – the pick-up rate is slightly higher than expected. Sub-channels, while maintaining a rapid growth in sales through c-European main channels, are active in large-scale, bulk-dressing and power-marketing operations; and sub-products.
See, the firm's first home-based custom set-up flow, relying on product innovation and cross-routing, and a rapid breakthrough in the closet business. We expect the rapid growth trend in the closet business (63.4 per cent in the previous three seasons) to continue throughout the year, and the multi-goods and collaborative development of everyone-to-people strategies will be further implemented.
1. The Europa Tri Quarterly Review in 2017, where q4 is expected to achieve income of $2,597-299.7 million, an increase of 24 to 43 per cent. Sub-branding space for growth, and the two-brand model for further development.
Europa's semi-annual review of 2017 - “The Three Horses One brand O'Pholy,” which expands mainly to provincial capitals and second-line cities, and covers some of the four-fifth-line cities. Through the regulation of terminal stores and major marketing campaigns, “O'Pholy” is expected to be based on high-value prices.
3. The two-growth pole model establishes the advantage of strong growth in the future (about 20-30 per cent cheaper than the Europeans), with about 1,200 new shops by 19; fast-track Euro-based firms rating, 2017.5.26
4. In-depth research by Euro-Photo Corporations – the head of the cabinet has expanded its listings, and informationization has advanced its ability to maintain stable profitability through restructuring and upgrading of bill dismantling, production management, etc.
The company is moving towards seamless integration between marketing and manufacturing. With the optimization of information, key indicators such as the timely delivery of orders and the efficiency of per capita delivery have improved.
New performance growth is taking place in view of the company's ipo-listed expansion of the overall capacity of the closet, while the company continues to improve the “all-house” industry, and has promoted wooden door and sub-brand business. We maintain public service (8621) 60935563
Yuan Yaibo Chustya Risk of macroeconomic fluctuations; risk of rising cost of raw materials; unanticipated growth of income from the “House for All” store
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market and then the average calculation of the final rating as the average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.