On 29 January, the company issued a notice of an increase in its annual performance for 2017. During the reporting period, the company achieved a business start-up.
Billion dollars, 29-39 per cent more than the previous year, and rapid growth in corporate performance. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
The company grew 33-39% in 2017 on a year-on-year basis, with a 29-39% increase on a year-on-year basis, a 24-43% increase on a q4 quarterly year-on-year basis, a 19-60% increase on a year-on-year basis, and a fast growth in performance. On the one hand, the company enhances its in-house drilling through cost control, institutional reform, and on the other hand,
While taking full advantage of the main channels, companies are actively setting up large-scale and up-to-date lines of business, as a whole, strengthening competitive advantages and further consolidating industry leadership (1) channels: companies attract passenger flows by introducing 19,800 sets of meals, directing distributors to expand their products, etc.
Increases in unit prices, and the distribution model continues to grow; fund-raising projects eased production pressure, and large-scale operations developed rapidly, with 3q2017 generating $645 million, an increase of 69.83 per cent. (2) Goods category: the high base of cabinet operations, growth is stable, the fast growth of closet operations, with 3q2017 closets generating 2,136 million yuan, an increase of the same amount
(iii) Brand: O’Poly, as a supplement to the “European” brand, is aimed at low- and medium-level markets, covering more consumers, and is expected to continue to be a growth point in corporate profits. By releasing production-side pressures, it is expected to contribute to sustained growth.
\triangleright has been using more than 90% of the company’s capacity in the last three years, and this lack of capacity has constrained the company’s development.
The gradual release of additional capacity is expected to relieve pressure at the end of production and drive companies to continue their business growth and further expand their market share.
The company is a leading company in the custom furniture industry, and we look forward to the integration of the whole group and the future development of the O'Shea industry at the lower and middle end of the market, with the company expected to be able to achieve a basic per share in 2017, 2018 and 2019.
Maintenance of corporate “strongly recommended” ratings.1 Increases in raw materials prices: 2; downsides in real estate sales.
Custom development space: fast-growing performance, closets, O'Connor, fast-tracked 20170829
Chen Baidu, Master of Technology and Economics, Beijing Transport University, 2012 Allied Democratic Securities Institute, engaged in light industry and listed company research. Chen Cheol, Master of Engineering, Zhejiang University, joined the Institute of Private Securities in 2017 for light industry and listed companies.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,