The Europa light-manufacturing industry continues to grow and the cabinet is becoming a full house star, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
In the first three quarters, there was a 24% increase in the company’s locker business, with the same rate of 63% in the same period.
At the end of the channel, while keeping the main channel open, the potential for growth in power, bulk and assembly channels has been actively exploited, with 419 million sales in 2017 at the European flag shop, which is a three-fold increase over last year's sales in the same period and is the top of the cabinet class, while the company's bulk channel has been collecting in the first three quarters of the previous quarter.
The multi-channel development assistance division is firmly aware of demand trends and achieves a little more performance. (2) During the reporting period, companies advanced a range of in-house work such as cost reductions, institutional reforms, management efficiencies, sales rates, management costs in the previous three quarters.
The same rate fell by 0.9 pp and 0.3 pp, respectively, and the overall rate fell to 19.2% (yoy-1.3 pp) during the same period, resulting in an increase in government subsidies and investment returns over the same period, which contributed to the improvement of corporate performance. The two brands strengthened the dominance of the cabinet, and the entire home-dressing dividend for the strategy.
In 2016, the company officially launched its low-end positioning brand, “Opery”, with an income of $220 million in the first three quarters of 2017, up by 149.3 per cent. In 2018, the company will operate differently from the Euro-based system and free the market of doubt.
It's hoped that the company's locker business will return to rapid growth of more than 20 per cent. 2) The company's strategy is gradually emerging, with $12,259, wooden doors, baths and other items growing rapidly through coordinated sales, cabinets 1. Europa residences (603833): cabinets are growing faster, clothes are growing faster.
The head of the cabinet has gradually turned into a home-wide custom-made star, and it is hoped that the overall home-dressing market dividend will continue to be enjoyed in the future.
Given the company’s leading position in the custom furniture industry, the combination of goods and channels, and the return of performance to a high-growth track, the company will be given a value premium of 18 years and 40 times the price, and no compensation of any kind will be obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.