The Ministry of Agriculture, Agriculture and Rural Development,
According to the monitoring data of the livestock association, the last two months of the stock of pigs have seen a negative growth in the total stock of pigs, which has stagnated. In 2016-2017, the scale has expanded dramatically, and production capacity has risen rapidly: but in the first half of 2018, “environmentally sounding back” and in the second half of Africa.
With the effects of the swine plague, the scale has slowed down the expansion and accelerated the death of the pig. The drop point for the degenerative capacity of this wheel is now in place and will gradually be passed on to the end-of-life supply. We judge that the short supply of pigs over the next two years and the good price of pigs is the approximate event: Spring 2019.
A new round of pig prices will follow. 2. New hope: a rising new star, whose market value has been greatly underestimated. As a follow-up, the new hope is to boldly pursue innovation and incentive reforms in farming models, and to introduce and nurture a large number of them.
Total equity/flow (millions): A team of talented university students, who are the main players: based on the total market value/flow (millions) around the sea, the long triangle and Kyoto:
The traditional areas of advantage, such as Toshan East District, Tsangxibong and Kawasaka, combine the three modes of subsistence, company and farm farming, with the following:
It is a unique path to the development of pig-breeding. The heavy capital is invested in building high-standard pighouses, introducing modern management, and the rapid expansion of farm-raising is accompanied by a rapid reduction in farm-raising costs and the expected black-horse potential, based on competitive advantages in terms of capital, land, talent and technology.
The company produced 3 million pigs in 2018, 6-7 million in 2019, and in 2020 it is expected to reach 10 million new stars for pig farming. 3. His mountain stone looks at the prairie: Gaoroe grew high, and the brightest star in the wave of scale.
The domestic pig-breeding industry has a space of 1.4 trillion billion, with less than 10% cr. The typical “large-scale small-business company” takes on the risk of swings in the pig price cycle, while farm-breeding enterprises enjoy a very high profit rate and roe, while leading firms benefit from low-cost excess gains.
For example, in 2009-2017, with the exception of the low pig cycle in 2014, a large number of small, medium and medium-sized households were permanently withdrawn, the large wave of large-scale pig farming was overwhelming, and the fast-growing herds became the largest under pressure from both environmental stress and rising labour costs.
The number of primal pigs rose by 62.27% in 2016; 7.237,000 in 2017, an increase of 132.4% in 2017, and two consecutive years of cross-cutting development. At the same time, the cost of farming fell significantly, benefiting from efficiency gains and falling food prices;
The price rises with Davis, whose market value has continued to rise since June 2017, and in the new hope of growing a pig, the new star is ready to rise.
The price of raw materials increases may have a negative impact on the company’s performance:
In the case of a serious outbreak in the company’s production base area, it will have an impact on the Department’s feed production and production operations.
3. The abnormally volatile prices of pigs will have a greater impact on the company’s profits from the piglets, which may not be as profitable as expected.
New Hopes: After raising a pig, a new star is on its way. First, raw pig prices: supply and demand are somewhat tight for the next two years, and there is a decline in the number of pig stocks on the scale and in the total stock of the country.
The log line has fallen in a straight line, but the prices of pigs have not risen. The size field data monitored by the association shows an overall upward trend from 2015 to the present; only two significant declines occurred during the period, the first in 2016, and the second in the second quarter of 2018, when the African pigpest epidemic turned back and began in August.
The size field has slowed down the growth of the hogs. According to data monitored by the Association, the size field has grown rapidly since July 2017, with a slowdown of 2018q2 compared to the rate of increase and a positive shift of the 2018q3 ring ratio, implying that the productivity of the scale field has now been lost, and that the expansion has largely stagnated or even shrunk.
New Hope: The birth of a pig, the emergence of a new star, the rapid degeneration of production, and the current cycle point. The pace and cycle of de-productization are judged by the sales of a binary pig and the phase-out of a large number of pigs, and the convergence between the sales of a binary pig and the phase-out of a large number of pigs is a turning point for production, while the price of a pig lags behind.
Months, mainly due to lower temperatures at the end of the year and the beginning of the 18th year of 2017, caused severe diarrhoea among pigs, which in turn affected the production of piglets in June. From April 2015 to the beginning of the year, the sales of pig pigs were consistently higher than the phase-out, which meant that production could continue until March 2018, when the sales of pig pigs were equivalent to the phase-out, which meant that the stock of hogs was the highest.
On the one hand, sales of binary pigs have declined rapidly, from 25% in September to 40% in September; and, on the other hand, real-life hogs are likely to be phased out more than monitored.
The number of piglets is significant, and they need to be transported to the country’s only few slaughterhouses for slaughter; the current policy of restricted hogs prevents them from reaching the slaughterhouses, and the actual number of them could be much higher than expected. Combined with the Ministry of Agriculture, the Livestock Association’s monitoring data, there has been a negative growth in the total stock of pigs in the last two months’ scale.
In 2016 - 2017, the growth of the hogs stagnated. But in 2018, with the combined effects of the environmental recovery and the African plague, the scale slowed down the expansion and accelerated the elimination of the hogs. We believe that the drop-off point for the degenerative capacity of this ship is now in place and will gradually be passed on to the end-of-life supply; in the next two years, supply will be tight and volatile.
Second, new hope: a rising new star, whose market value has been severely underestimated 1) funds: adequate capital, low asset-liability rates, and a well-stable cash flow from 2013 to 2017.
The company’s cash flow is strong, with sufficient capital for expansion. At the same time, the company’s asset-liability ratio is low in the industry, its debt burden is small, and its financing capacity is strong.
Business plates such as poultry, food, and pig farming complement each other well and contribute to curbing the adverse effects of cyclical fluctuations. New hope: pig-breeding shows, new stars ready to rise 2) Land and capacity reserves: sufficient land reserves to sustain high growth.
The company plans four core areas for the production of pig production: the Rim Sea (mainly corresponding to the Kyoto market consumption zone);
Lunan, Subei, Yubei (principally equivalent to the long triangle consumption zone); Guangxi and Guangxi (principally equivalent to the bead triangle consumption zone): the Kawasin region. In addition to this, there is the Shaanxi region, where the northwest area is irradiated on the basis of the Yang’s home fragrance. 3) Acupuncture acupuncture accompanies, where pigs are sold, is guaranteed. The company acquired a slaughterhouse for thousands of cranes in 2006-2007, distributed.
In Liao Ning Shenyang, the north-south palace of the river, the Beijing Ping Valley, etc., the slaughterhouses of Liao Ning Sheungyang and the company's local breeding capacity, the slaughterhouses of the north-south palace and Beijing Ping Valley match the company's farming capacity in Hebei and Shandong, respectively; on the power table, the area where the slaughter is largely carried out is connected to the breeding area. On scale, the current annual slaughter can reach 4 to 5 million.
The Forces nouvelles, which are hoping to grow pigs, have innovative and subsequent advantages, based on the full lessons learned from their predecessors. In the farming model, they are self-sufficient, “companies + farmers” and outgrowers.
A combination of three models, such as pig breeding, is a suitable way to find the best way to develop itself. Self-sustaining against the pyrotechnics, the “company plus farmer” against the pyrotechnics, and the “new six” model, based on the company's feed business and the development of extra-supplier pig farming, have helped to transform the feed business units into farming.
New Hopes: After raising a pig, a new star is ready to be born. At the end of 2017, the price of a pig was higher, resulting in a higher figure of about $12.6 per kilogram in the first half of 2018, when the pig was bought out of the pig mode. The company’s cost of farming as a whole is at the industry’s leading level, especially for domestics.
With the current uneven regional growth of the company, production performance and farm costs have been increasing rapidly in other parts of the world, and in 2018, the new hope began to implement the "Mother Million Talents Strategy" designed to attract 100 excellent ba and ba in three years.
Doctors become business partners, 1,000 masters and more management trainees become senior managers, and tens of thousands of college graduates become professionals, and the Billion Talent Strategy is a strategy that underpins the Group's ambitious development blueprint for the next three to five years. In 2017, there were 6572 employees in undergraduate and above, representing 10.72% of the total number of employees in the company.
The company has a relatively complete meat-fowl chain, of which 780 million are farmed (the commodity-for-farming chain needs to be strengthened), 800 million are slaughtered, with 2 kg of meat per poultry, a total of 1.6 million tons of processed and poultry meat in 2017.
In 2017, 780 million feathers came out (more than 400 million ducks and more than 300 million white feather chickens), and in 2021 it is expected to produce 2) slaughter and meat products 800 million meat and poultry slaughter, producing about 1.6 million tons.
Forage production has remained stable at around 15 million tons in recent years.
Chart 13 New Hope Bird Production (tonnes) and Yoy 14 New Hope Pig Production (tonnes) and Yoy 15 New Hope Water Production (tonnes) and yoy
Chart 16 New Hope Feeding Māori Rates (%) New Hopes: New Pig Growing Show, New Stars ready for launch 10.29 million tons of meat feed, 4.190 million tons of pig feed, and 860,000 tons of water feed.
The value of meat and meat products is 300,000 tons in 2017, with a total slaughter capacity of about 4 million to 5 million. Poultry plates are comparable to those developed for San Farmers, which sold 90,56 million tons of chicken in 2017, and new hopes are greater than those of San Farmers.
Seven hundred million tons of ducks are sold, but there is no commodity-for-farming link. At the current market value of 20 billion sacred farmers, we maintain a market value of 10 billion for new Xin Xin's meat plate. Farming: 780 million meat birds in 2017, of which more than 400 million ducks and more than 300 million chickens are produced; and it is projected to be 2021 meat-fowls.
Slaughter and meat products: In 2017, the slaughtering of meat was about 800 million feathers and the production of meat products was about 1.6 million tons.
1. The supply and price risks of feed raw materials, where higher prices may have an adverse effect on the company’s feed plate performance, and diseases such as African pigpest and blue ear disease in the farm industry, which have a greater impact on pig-breeding plates. If a serious outbreak occurs in the region of the company’s production base, it will have an impact on the company’s feed production and production operations.
3. The abnormally volatile prices of pigs will have a greater impact on the company ' s profits, and the production of pigs and the profits of the plates may not be predictable.
More than 90% of pigs in the year under 500 years old and 55% in the year under review. Under the double pressure of environmental stress and rising labour costs, a large number of small and medium-sized households have been permanently withdrawn, and large numbers of small and medium-sized households have been able to grow up and grow up in the past.
The farmers were forced to leave the market permanently, and the scalding grounds expanded dramatically, with the fast-growing pastures becoming the brightest new star among them. In 2016, the number of primates rose by 62.27% compared to 31.14 million; in 2017, the figure was 7.237,000 compared to 132.4% compared to the two consecutive years of cross-cutting development.
With the fall in raw material prices, the total cost of farming has continued to fall, and herds have been able to enjoy an excess of revenues far above the industry average net interest rate. In 2009-2017, except for the low pig cycle in 2014, herds averaged over 20%, reaching 50-60% at the top of the cycle.
At the same time, with such technical and managerial advantages as excellent biological breeding, animal nutrition, disease prevention, etc., key growth indicators such as py, meat comparison, survival rates, etc., are at the forefront of the industry.
The reason for the rapid expansion of herds is nothing but three problems: land 1. The company currently has sufficient land reserves to support its future expansion plan. The company currently reserves about 100,000 acres of land, with about 500 acres per 100,000 fatty pigs in the integrated model of self-sufficiency, we estimate.
The stock of land available in Shinhara can easily support more than 20 million new productive capacities. (2) Finance: Companies roll on their own profits before being listed, and finance facilitates their expansion.
The ultimate goal of raising farming technology is to create low-cost competitive advantages.
In addition to the talent incentives, the company has developed a newcomer, with over 27,000 employees at the end of 2017, up from 5,000 at the beginning of the market, and the pool of talent has provided a strong boost to the rapid expansion of the company.
The company’s cost-control capacity has steadily increased under an adequate pool of human resources and an efficient management system. The most forward-looking (ii) sellers are currently in the field, leading the market by continuing to recommend it.
As early as 2016, when pig farming was widely recognized as a purely cyclical industry, I was the first to see its growth and to use a series of industry and company reports to express my views and voice. On the subject matter, I chose to turn the market around and re-examine the whole pig-producing industry.
From 2016 to 2017, I carried out a number of field research on herbs and published 11 industry reports, of which 10 were in depth (the “Piggy Pigs” Series I-V had a wide and far-reaching impact on the industry), 1 was evaluated; 13 company reports were published on herbs (since herbs were investment projects for securities) and the company report was published.
The output of the study was accompanied by an increase in the market value of herds. From the time of distribution of the report, the issuance of the assessment report was strongly appreciated during the January 2017 increase in the pool of low-value executives, and the publication of the report was limited: the report was re-recommended in early August immediately prior to the increase in stock prices, followed by five consecutive reports to boost stock prices.
On January 23, 2018, the market value of herds reached $72 billion, as evidenced by the rapid increase in the number of my personal public "Buffisha" fans, especially in the "Piggy Pigs" series.
New Hope: After the pig-breeding show, new stars are ready to fly, readings are on the rise. The following figure shows the readings of the Pigs I-IX series, " Pigs! Pigs! Pigs! Pigs! Series I: Super-Long Pig Cycles, Let Trespass! " , published in April 2016, which greatly enhances the visibility of the public.
After the publication of his report on the subject in the public domain, Makahara drew attention from both inside and outside the industry to the fact that his readings were 13490, " Stand at the market value of $50 billion, 100 billion is worth a day " , " On the rise of the herds: Shinohara in China, the beloved of the times! " 10994 readings, and the number of popular fans is rising exponentially.
New Hopes: Pigs grow, new stars are ready, 2017 is September 11: Pigs grow, new stars are ready.
Chossa: frm, Faculty of Applied Mathematics, Sichuan University, Master of Applied Mathematics, Nankai University; four-year consumer-sector buyer study, three-year agricultural, forestry and fishing seller study experience; served in the Red Tower Red Land Foundation, National Sea Securities, Merchant Securities and Research Institute
Nine North Street, Beijing, West Side, Washington, D. Hwayne, Pacific Securities, Inc. is qualified in securities investment consulting business and XuXing in securities business.
Candidacy No. 13480,000.