The company is China's highest-volume, asset-sized farm and ranching company, and in 2017 it sold 1572 feed.
There are three main chains of meat, chicken, duck, and pig production, each of them farming and fishing.
The company has more than 11 brands involved, and the brand premium is expected to rise.
The path, if you want to realize the value of the feed business, also needs to be expanded upstream and downstream.
Starting in 2015, the company’s value will be realized for long-term development, and feed companies will gradually develop pig-breeding operations. Of these, the largest is the number of new pigs, 87.28 million in 2015 and 239.96 million in 2017.
The company produces pigs with high-quality resources, builds industry poles in a centralized pig-breeding system, cash flows are strong, cash and cash equivalents can be seen to be higher than comparable companies in the same industry, and is able to withstand price fluctuations during the life cycle of the pig-breeding cycle. At the same time, the company has a higher asset-liability ratio.
The company has a small debt burden and can expand its cash flow at lower financing costs. Pigs have pic-planted resources, coupled with centralized farming systems, and have better control over extension.
For the first time, an “enhanced” rating of 13, 9 and 7. Based on the relative valuation method, the company's valuation is lower than the average for the same industry.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, 1,000th Hengsheng Da, Lujiang Gate Road, and Fukuda District, Fukuwa 6th tax-free.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The company is a large-scale agro-pastoral enterprise, a solid expansion of feed plus farming plus slaughter processing. It is China’s leading farm-pastoral company, with the highest volume of feed and assets, and 15,72 million tons of feed in 2017, or around 7% of the city. It has three main industries: chicken, duck, and pig production.
In the case of slaughtering or meat processing, there is a strategy of “freezing, drying, trading, etc.” companies have more than 11 brand names, and brand premiums are expected to rise.
Industry changes, business values are reflected in the upward and downstream expansion of the feed industry, where competition is intense, and large feed companies have begun a transition, taking into account the integration of agricultural enterprises, if the value of the feed business is to be realized, it needs to be expanded up and down.
Gradually mastering the source of food in the core production areas of the main raw materials, and in downstream farming processing, there is a need to move closer to the end of consumption and reduce the impact of price volatility on the company’s performance. Starting in 2015, for the long-term development of the company’s current value, feed companies have gradually started their pig-breeding operations.
Largest, 87.28 million in 2015 and 239.96 million in 2017. Companies produce pigs with high-quality resources, build industry markers for a centralized pig-breeding system, cash flows are high, cash and cash equivalents can be seen to be higher than comparable companies in the same industry, and pigs are born.
At the same time, companies have a lower asset-liability ratio and a smaller debt burden, which allows them to expand their cash flows at lower financing costs. Pigs have pit-planted resources, coupled with centralized farming systems, and have better controls.
The main differences with the market view are that the market does not see a clear advantage in the development of animal feed business, and that the costs and efficiency of farm farming are to be assessed. We believe that companies start with feed business, and have a larger share of farmers.
To be a downstream farmer, with the resources to grow pigs, an expansionary and self-controllable pace, and an overall business ability to cover for the first time, the company has been rated as “enhanced” for the first time. The company as a whole has moved steadily towards an industry-wide business model that is below the industry average, with a certain margin of security for the valuation.
The main shareholders are Hope South Industries Ltd. and New Hope Group Ltd. The company is based on agro-pastoral development and focuses on sound development.
The company has built three major chains of meat, duck, and pig production around the livestock industry, plus strong feed, livestock, food processing, and so on. Currently, the company is building poultry bases in Shandong, Henan, Northeast, etc., for chicken duck seedlings per year.4
More than 100 million; more than 200 feed companies have been built nationwide, more than 10 million tons of feed are sold each year, and more than 700 million chicken ducks are processed each year. Standardized farming bases have been developed in the regions of China, China and North and China, with more than 800 million farmed and more than 100,000 contract families.
Figure 1: Corporate development history, 1982, Liu Yong, 1999
In 2015, four brothers from France were raised and established in Viet Nam.
The Pulitzer Group signed the war, started a business, signed a cooperation agreement.
Change 2013: Beating the Blue Star Trading Group Farming and Consumption Ends
The company’s main shareholders are South Hope Business Ltd. and New Hope Group Ltd., which hold 29% and 24% respectively. South Hope Business Ltd. is the company’s first largest shareholder and its controlling shareholders are the second largest shareholder of the Department’s second largest shareholder Hope Group Ltd.
Figure 2: The company ' s major shareholder structure 2. The asset size is high, and the volume of feed sales is more stable in terms of income and net profits from the main business of each year.
The same-year decline in company profits was largely influenced by market conditions and environmental pressures, difficulties for farmers in running their businesses, difficulties in recovering some of the money, and the increase in profits due to a reduction in the value of the recoverable amount below book value. The company’s feed products accounted for the largest share of income from the main business, and the share of pig-breeding plates increased.
The share of income from the Department's main business was 4.90 per cent in 2017 for feed, meat and poultry farming.
For the last five years, the company's business data show that it has remained largely above 6 per cent, with a smaller range of volatility and a more stable profitability, and that it has experienced greater volatility, with poultry farming being affected by a sharp decline in the import of ancestral chickens in 2016 and the industry's climate.
High, the Māori rate is 28.19 per cent, while the Māori rate fluctuates to varying degrees in the rest of the years. 157.2 million tons of fodder are sold in the first place in the country, and the second is called the Sea Group, with 8.49 million tons, with a city share of 5.94 per cent and 4.72 per cent, respectively.
Second, changes in the feed industry are imperative, firm competitiveness is rising steadily, company stock price performance is more relevant to the landscape of the livestock industry. Companies are the main companies in the feed industry.
The company’s stock price rises and falls are related to those of the feed industry, and feed as a upstream link to livestock farming, and the state of livestock farming, have a direct impact on the company’s performance. The largest share of this is from pigs, accounting for about 44.27% in 2017.
Large-scale farming, where small- and medium-scale farmers are phased out due to pressures such as environmental protection, farm costs, etc. and although data on the stock of pig populations have declined, firm corporate performance has been stabilized due to the increase in the size field and the demand for industrial feed.
1. Short-term: Forage operations are highly relevant to the state of the farm; 1.1 poultry materials: first in the country, recovery of the poultry chain benefits.
In January 2014, we established the White Feather Chicken Alliance, which strengthened the management of ancestral chicken seedings in the industry, changing the disorder in the industry, which dropped from a historical peak of 1.54 million in 2013 to 1.18 million in 2014.
The Avian Influenza (Avian Influenza) outbreak in France and Poland led to the introduction of an ancestral chicken ban, which dropped to 720,000 species. In early 2017, a series of high-pathogenic bird currents in Poland, Spain, etc. led to a further escalation of the ban, which dropped to 690,000 chickens and their own abundance throughout the year.
The price of chicken seedlings in the main production area went up and the bird chain was set. In the second half of 2017, final consumption prices began to rise, the white chicken weekly average wholesale price rose by about 22 per cent, the higher chicken price started to support the chicken price, and the price of chicken seedlings rose gradually to $4 per feather in 2018.
The recovery is clear, and stimulating farmers to fill the fence will drive a rise in the sale of poultry chains. The sales of poultry increased significantly in 2015 and 2016.
By 2016 and 2017, the company sold 9.98 million tons of poultry and 10.29 million tons of poultry, respectively, an increase of 3.1 per cent over the same period. In the first half of 2018, farming improved, with the company selling 5.09 million tons of poultry, an increase of 4 per cent over the same period last year.
1.2 Pigs: Benefiting from the development of downstream farming operations The number of chemical, biological and pig farming enterprises of the same size has increased significantly. In 2014, the Regulation on Pollution by Animal Scale Farming was implemented. In 2015, in follow-up to the State Council ' s Plan of Action for the Prevention and Control of Water Pollution, it promoted pig breeding.
The Ministry of Agriculture has issued guidance on the improvement and improvement of the layout of pig-breeding in the Southern Water Network area, which is a priority area for the reduction of pig-breeding in the South, and has proposed that by 2020, the basic governance of pig-breeding pollution and the basic stability of pig production should be achieved.
This has led to a gradual increase in the share of small- and medium-scale farmers, as well as to an increase in the share of small- and medium-scale farmers, as a result of changes in the scale of pig farming, which has led to an increase in the share of industrial feed used.
After a rapid development phase, as the country's macroeconomics enter a “new normal” of incremental development, the feed industry enters a period of energy restructuring that boosts efficiency. Forage production grew slowly from 2013 to 2014, and national pig feed production grew by 8.9 per cent in 2013 compared to 2014.
The country ' s production of 83.44 million tons of pig feed in 2015 fell by 3.2 per cent in comparison with the previous year, but for the first time, the demand for fodder was still affected by the domestic farming cycle, prices continued to be high throughout 2016, high returns on farm production stimulated the recovery of pig production and demand for feed, and the production of pig feed in 2016.
Eight hundred and twenty-six million tons, or 4.6 per cent more than in the same year, were affected by the expansion of pig farming in large feed plants, the advantages of which were evident, the share of industrial feed used increased, and some feed group enterprises have been growing significantly. In 2017, the country produced 98.1 million tons of pig feed, an increase of 12.42 per cent.
Feeding companies expanded more often in the form of “company + farm” farming, and the demand for feed increased. From the larger plant scale expansion, the increase in animal feed production was significant in 2017, with a combined feed production of 18,958,000 tons, an increase of 73.4 per cent, and an enrichment feed of 16,433,000 tons, an increase in the same rate.
In the context of changes in the structure of the pig-farming industry, the company’s sales of pig feed have been increasing at a higher rate. In 2017, the volume of pig feed sold was 4.190,000 tons, a 25 per cent increase in the same year, and in the first half of 2018 it was 2.03 million tons, a 14 per cent increase in the same year.
1.3 Aquatic products: Aquatic prices are warming, corporate sales are rising in the first three years of the country, and consumption of water products is expected to grow in the long term. As the economic situation improves, the consumption of water products is escalating and transforming. National production of water products rose to 69.38 million tons in 2017, and the production of water feed is expected to grow in the long term.
The demand increased to 1.21 million tons, an increase of 3.16 per cent over the same period.
There is a long-term demand for feed and related support services. At the same time, the aquatic feed industry is highly competitive, and among listed companies, the shares of Tonway and the Sea Group have a larger share of the market.
Greater value-added. Companies with high brands are better placed to expand their business, such as Tung Wai, Hai Dae, and New Hope.
The average wholesale price of carp, mackerel, grassfish, and shoals in 2018 was at a high level in almost three years. Aquatic prices.
The company’s aqueous feed production is ahead of schedule and is expected to increase at a sustained rate. The short- and medium- and long-term aquatic sector is characterized by a higher demand for water products, which in turn has greater market space. The company is the country’s third largest consumer of water feed in 2017.
860,000 tons, an increase of 8 per cent in the same year, and 380,000 tons in the first half of 2018, a 24 per cent increase in the same year.
Production growth slowed and industry concentration gradually increased. The data show that feed production from 2000 to 2012 continued to grow at a relatively high rate and was at a developmental stage. Production fluctuated after 2012, the rate of increase slowed considerably, the feed industry gradually matured, and competition increased among feed companies, producing more than 10 tons a year.
The value of the business needs to expand upstream and downstream. Large feed companies have gradually begun to transform themselves, taking into account the path of agribusiness integration, to realize the value of the feed business.
Downstream expansion. For feed companies, the upstream sector is raw-material agricultural products, downstream farming, growing agricultural produce, acquiring core seed technology, farming, moving closer to the end of consumption, and reducing the impact of price volatility on company performance.
In search of long-term development to achieve corporate value, feed companies began to grow pigs in 2015. Among these, new hopes for pig production were the largest: 87.28 million in 2015 and 2.3996 million in 2017.
2.2 Company farming, which is parallel to slaughtering, has a strong performance, livestock farming has two chains, with different cycles. Corporate farming consists mainly of poultry farming and pig farming, with the main products of poultry farming being chicken seedlings, ducklings, subsistence and substitute chickens.
By the end of 2017, the company had covered more than 10,000 families and more than 500 million commercial chickens and ducks. With regard to breeding, the company and Chinese agricultural science broke the monopoly on foreign varieties and closed the gap in the country's white feather duck breeding industry.
The distribution of 809 million chickens and ducks increased by 66.55 per cent in the same year, with 6,06 million chickens, 203 million chickens and commercial ducks, respectively, representing an increase of 32.15 per cent and 651.09 per cent, respectively, in the same year.
In the down-cycle, corporate pig-breeding activities are scalable. Competition in corporate pig-breeding is dominated by a holistic and integrated pig-breeding model that achieves a fully compatible pig-breeding process, talent-sharing, environmental optimization, and a concentration of industrial chains compared to traditional farming.
Model production is more efficient, less costly, more eco-cycled, and better marketable. Full cost reduction of $2 per kilogram is greater than 18% for this model, and the company is targeting the full cost of $11.5 per kilogram to further optimize costs and further improve the advantages of pig farming.
Of these, 4 million have been put into production, more than 4 million have been built, and 7 million are expected to be ready by the end of the year. The pattern of intensive farming is similar to that of “companies + farmers” and is characterized by light asset expansion and easier to control.
As a result of the multiple strategic shifts in slaughter processing, company brand premiums are expected to rise. The company's meat and food processing capacity is the first three in the country. The company's total slaughter capacity is about 7 million, ranking third in the country, with a market share of about 1.2 per cent.
A strategic shift was introduced to “freezing, drying, trading terminals.” In recent years, the company has focused on the continued optimization of existing business structures in terms of product structure and channel structure, increasing the ratio of deep processing to fresh products. 22 per cent of total poultry meat was sold in the first half of 2018, representing an increase of 2 per cent; pork meat was fresh.
On the other hand, the company has been expanding new marketing channels, building on existing brands, and has developed new technologies for cooking, new foods, and so on, as well as acquiring the name of the best supplier in the year of bottom fishing; and, on deep processing channels, new foods have been developed.
In terms of electricity, new customers, such as American donkeys, easy webs, have been developed and won the second most popular brand of poultry in 618 in Kyoto. National meat-processing companies ranked in 2017 as productive.
By the first half of 2018, the amount processed by the company for slaughtering and meat products was 11.32 million tons, comprising 10.576 million tons of raw meat and 7.49 million tons of deep-processed meat products, representing 93.4 per cent and 6.6 per cent, respectively, of the future of 2.3 companies from raw materials to the end-of-the-industry chain layout.
The company, which is based on the sale of fodder as its main business model, is gradually moving up and down. The 20% share of the Blue Star group in the United States is purchased to stabilize the price of raw materials for production, and then goes downstream to develop both poultry and raw pig farming operations, which are finally lost through slaughtering.
To the end, a complete whole-of-the-industry supply system is developed. A food safety control system and a safety traceability system are also in place, primarily along the food supply chain, to provide safety from the front of the supply chain to the end, with the aim of providing consumers with safer food. Companies are no longer large-scale feed-based processing.
Businesses, but large, multi-lined, multi-branded agricultural enterprises, have a clear integration strategy in which pig farming is a long-term growth pole.
In October 2013, the issue of rules for the prevention and control of pollution from livestock-scale farming began the process of environmental rehabilitation in the farming sector. From a compilation of environmental policies related to farms, policy regulations are based on Kyoto, the Long Triangle, the Pearl Triangle, and the Southern Water Network region.
In 2016, more than 20 provinces of the country were designated as breeding grounds for pigs, which reduced the stock of pigs by about 8%. In 2017, the deadline was set for the closure of farms in the restricted areas, which was one of the most intensive.
Qing, there has been a gradual increase in the number of small-scale farms that meet environmental requirements. In 2018, the down-cycle cycle was added to the African pigpest, and the biological pig farming industry has reached its cold winter. Since 2018, the price of pig production has been low, the price has been at its lowest in almost three years before May 2018, and later consumption has been reversed by consumption.
The outbreak of the African swine plague in Liaoning province began in August, with the implementation of an inter-provincial embargo policy, which led to the transfer of raw pigs from the northeast and Henan out of the provinces to limit the price of raw pigs, and the transfer of raw pigs from China to the provinces to increase the price of pigs. At this time, major firms have not stopped expanding, and companies have taken over the market, expanding in the next cycle.
Companies have good cash flow and asset-liability ratios. Observing cash and cash equivalents of companies with the same industry shows that from 2013 to 2017, companies were higher than comparable companies with the same industry, and companies expanded.
Cash flows are strong, and there is some tolerance for the volatility of pig prices. At the same time, the asset-liability ratios of companies were below the industry average between 2013 and 2017, suggesting that companies have a relatively small debt burden and could expand their farming at lower financing costs.
In 2016, the company acquired the highest-grade and largest single-body farm of the great great great-grand-old pigs, with an annual selection of 26,000 grand-old pigs and a guaranteed supply of 5 million commodity pigs.
2. Take note of point 2: Accumulated pig-breeding system sets the industry standard; Apologized farming (new good model) is built by companies themselves, through the integration of pig-breeding industry chain resources, pooling of resources in areas of comparative advantage, within a 50-km radius, through subsistence and co-location with farmers.
In 2012, for example, a contract was signed to cover 2,890 acres of land and a ground-breaking project was launched in 2013. In June 2014, the first phase began, with the construction of 300 boar stations.
Twenty-five thousand ancestral fields and one 5,000-headed substitute for parents. The second phase started in 2015, with two 5,000-headed parents in place, and now has 17,500 hogs in stock, which can be 420,000 annually.
The concentration of chemical and biological pig farming is a major trend in the future, with three main advantages: 1) in line with environmental policy trends, the current environmental policy focuses mainly on farming patterns that combine farming and agro-pastoral development, and the extension of subsistence models will be limited by the lack of sufficient land at a later stage; 2) in order to achieve precision poverty reduction for the farmers at the time.
More jobs are available, supported by local governments; 3) the expansion of the asset model is a light asset model and an expansional logic. Finance and land are the most important constraints that limit the growth of corporate farming in the industry.
In April 2016, the Ministry of Agriculture and Agriculture issued the National Plan for the Development of Pig Production (2016-2020), which defines four areas of priority development, restraint, moderate development and potential development.
Domains: The Rim Sea corresponds to the Kyoto market, the Lunan Subei counterpart to the Long Triangle market, the Great East-West and Guangxi counterpart to the Pearl Triangle market, the Kawasaka local market in the Kawasaka region, and the purchase of Ben-Shang to complete the layout of the northwest area.
The company now has 16 research and development bases, 26 mid-testing bases, 42 doctoral and 396 master's research and development teams, post-doctoral research workshops, and research and development in collaboration with national and foreign universities. The company has leading near-infrared detection techniques.
The company's technology centre was selected by five ministries, including the National Development and Reform Commission, as the “National Centre for the Identification of Business Technology”; its quality check was certified by the Chinese National Accreditation Committee (cnas).
By introducing high-end talent, internal exploration practices, companies have also set the standard for productivity in the industry. Based on strong technological strength, companies have built “new hope six and manufacturing” cards in feed and farming operations, providing farmers with reliable quality, most cost-effective feed, livestock and poultry products, and helping them grow.
With regard to the transformation of research results, companies have innovatively introduced bio-friendly feed, which is a fermented feed with safety, environmental protection, high quality features.
In the general context of pollution, the company Feeding Research Institute has developed a series of green prints and monthly foods to promote bio-friendly feed, which not only addresses low emissions, low drug use, reduced costs, but also raises the level and popularity of farming.
In the first half of 2018, the feed business achieved business income of $23.117 billion. The basic assumption is that, in the process of forecasting profits, we split the company’s business into feed, meat and poultry.
According to the company's announced plan for the sale of fodder and expansion of farming, it is assumed that for the next three years the amount of fodder will be sold.
Absolute valuation: Using the cash-flow model to divide corporate development into high-speed and sustainable-development phases, assuming a growth rate of 1 per cent for the sustainable-development phase and a risk-free rate equivalent to the national debt rate of 2.52 per cent for the current decade, resulting in a corresponding wcc rate of 6.73 per cent.
For the first time, the coverage is rated as “enhanced”. We expect that the company will have a certain risk of disease during the next three years, 2018-2020, in pig farming, and that the outbreak of swine fever in Africa will have a lower risk of public gain if it is infected.
The construction and release of the production capacity was not as fast as expected, the number of farmhouses and the land area needed for intensive farming were not as fast as expected, the number of pig-bearing households and the amount of land needed to produce them felled, and the supply and demand base of pig-raising was weak and prices continued to fall, causing companies to lose.
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) does not regard the recipient as a client and not a reader who has no business relationship with the company.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.