In September, sales continued to rise with high export innovation — Biadi (002594.sz) reported a 14.348gwh. increase of 66.6 per cent in September and a 3 per cent increase in the ring.
The cumulative total of 100,931 gwh installed this year was 75.6% higher than the previous year, and Cao Xuant, which was driven by a pure electric mix of two arcts, had a significant impact on scale.
Lu Woo Feng power and hybrid vehicles will continue to go hand in hand, and the company will continue to be new as car consumption recovers, capacity is rapidly released and new vehicles, such as seagulls, seals dmi, Songl, stunn7/n8, looking at u8/u9 and leopard 5, continue to be on the market.
In the upward cycle, the overall sales are expected to exceed 3 million, the scale effects are further enhanced, the production costs are spread, and the high-end strategy has been effective. Trenching, equation leopards, and high-end product matrices that look up to form companies, continue to lead the market for more than 300,000 luxurious mpv sales in the first place every month.
The above-mentioned pure and medium-sized luxury suv sales tomp3. The Chinese brand ranks second. Tendn delivers 1,097 in the first month of the eight months. We expect 20,000 vehicles to be sold in the future.
The company sold 28039 new energy vehicles abroad in September, an increase of 12.1 per cent. The company's pace of sea travel was spread across Asia, Europe and the Americas, in Japan, Thailand, Singapore, Germany, the United Kingdom, and the law.
In 2023, we expect companies to export more than 250,000 vehicles by car. The landscape is high, there is much room for growth, and, against the backdrop of globalization, the firm’s advantage in vertical industrial chains is clear.
New energy vehicles are sold less than expected, production is released less than expected, overseas operations are less than expected, chips are short, original 2, Biadey's rating: August sales continue, and Biadey's rating: July sales are innovative.
Export Performance Brightness 2023-08-02. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
The owner should not rely solely on this report as a substitute for his own independent judgement; he should make his own investment decisions and take his own investment risks; any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors should be based on this report.