Biadee shares (1211.hk)/Biadey (002594.ch): one-car profitability is unprecedented
Biadi's bike profits are record high: according to our calculations, three quarters of Biadi's car profits reached RMB 11,000, a record high, and higher than we and the market expected. Although three quarters of Biadi's car prices are lower, because of the cost end, including spare parts such as batteries, originals, etc.
The price of materials, the company’s own high-end product and the increase in export sales, has increased Biadi’s bike profits considerably. Looking at four quarters and 2024, we think Biadi’s car profits are expected to remain at three quarters.
...Byadi's car sales are expected to move from 3 million to 4 million: we maintain the sales forecast for China's new energy industry of 8.5 million in 2023 and expect to reach between 11 million and 12 million in 2024. Biadi is expected to reach more than 4 million in the next two years.
Biadi’s share in China’s new energy vehicle market is expected to increase from 28% in 2022, and the export of leopards and leopards will be an important increase in sales next year. For 16.9x and 18.3x, they are below a standard deviation below the historical average, attractive, heavy.
The “buy-in” rating for Shin Biadei shares (1211.hk)/Biadi (002594.ch). Key investment risk: demand for new energy cars, both domestic and overseas, is growing less than expected. Industry competition continues to increase, and companies’ new series of vehicle orders fall short of expectations.
Māori performance. The company’s high-end model is moving slowly, or the high-end model is less demanding. Auto-driving is moving slowly, or users’ experience is not improving significantly.
Bialdi 3q23 performance review • Business income was RMB 16.215 billion, an increase of 38 per cent and RMB 16 per cent, of which RMB 126.19 billion, an increase of RMB 12.690 billion, an increase of the same year
There was a 6% decline in the same year, and a 6% decline in the ring. There was a marked increase in the one-car profit, which was RMB 1.92 billion, a 59% increase in the same year and a 66% increase in the ring. The operating cost was 12.9%, a 2.0 percentage point increase in the same year, and a 0.6 percentage point increase in the ring.
By accepting this report, including any relevant annexes, the recipients of the report have indicated and assured that they are entitled to this report under the following conditions and have agreed to accept it.
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Card Corps-Phoshi International Securities Co. Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and in the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively “Phibbing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell; and Pilgrim International or any of its directors and/or employees shall not bear any law in respect of any possible loss to investors arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it.