q3 outperforms the expected growth in the volume of vehicle operations, with the forecast of performance for the first three quarters of 2023 Biyadi (002594) 20 October 2023
Events: Biadi issued an announcement for its performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2023. 2023q3 was over-expected growth in performance. The company expected to achieve a net return profit in the first three quarters of 2023.q March sales were innovative and high-end vehicle models were in the release phase.
Do not achieve sales of 26.22, 27.44, 28.75 million, an increase of 61.35 per cent, 56.89 per cent, 42.82 per cent, respectively. Of these, the sales of Songpus and gulls in the Biadi brand maritime network show remarkable performance, q3 cumulatively achieved sales of 10.96 million and 10.29 million respectively.
Since this year, the company has released high-end brand looks and equation panthers, selling $10.98 million of high-end u8 and the Leopard 5 support company, which will be listed in the near future, to hit the high-end luxury suv market.
During the first three quarters of the year, there was a cumulative sale of 926,000 brand brands. Biadi sales continued to increase, adding up high-end vehicles to the market, and the company was expected to sell 3 million vehicles in 2023, q on average in April, and sales abroad steadily increased, laying the groundwork for subsequent growth. By the third quarter of 2023, Biya,
The company’s new energy vehicles have entered 53 countries and territories, including Japan, Germany, Australia, Brazil. With regard to overseas production, the company announced that it would be in Brazil.
A large production base complex has been set up in the country, consisting of a production plant for the main electric passenger vehicle and truck chassis, a new energy vehicle-wide production plant and a processing plant specializing in lithium phosphate battery materials.
The matrix continues to improve. In a context of rising volume prices, corporate performance growth is more certain. Public exposure is expected: the price of raw materials is at a high risk.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and within the limits of knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the publication of this report.