Shen Kaji (002594.sz/01211.hk) The company will build a plant in Hungary, which will be sold overseas next year with a recommended "inter-zone operation"
On 22 December, the company announced that it would build a full-car production base in the city of Segrad, Hungary. This is the company’s first factory in Europe, and the company is accelerating the European layout.
The card opened up the company's price ceiling, u8 for $1.098 million, and now it's worth more than 300 per week, reflecting consumer recognition of the company's brand value and technological capabilities, the expectation that more high-end companies will be introduced in the future, the fear that the company will be hit by new rivals; and the EU's countervailing switch to China's electric car.
Chas has also affected market confidence and, as a result, the company's recent stock price performance has been weak, but we believe that in the medium and long term, the company's market position in the global automobile market will continue to rise, suggesting that sustained attention be given to the low profile, and that it should be able to do so.
The company announced that it would build a whole car factory in Hungary to speed up the deployment of overseas capacity: on December 22, according to official Biade, the company announced that it would build a new energy mix in the city of Segrad, Hungary.
The base will be built in stages, and thousands of jobs are expected to be created locally. Hungary’s investment policy is friendly, has a complete chain of automobiles, and the company has built a commercial car factory in Hungary’s teeth as early as 2017, with extensive local experience.
In the future, at the Hungarian factory, companies are better able to radiate the European market and speed up the layout of Europe. Institutional investors account for the share of circulation a.
Since this year, the company’s deployment has increased significantly. In March, the first overseas factory, the Thai factory, was set to begin production in 2024; in July, the company announced that it would invest 4.5 billion yuan in manufacturing in Brazil and that it was expected to do so in the second half of 2024; and in October, the company’s head,
In November, 306,000 of them were sold, yoy + 149%, and Mom + 0.35%. The Biadi marketing network is now in 59 countries and territories.
Europe is the largest new energy car market except China, with over 25% penetration and average monthly sales.
A network of marketing services; corporate brand recognition has gradually increased, with companies recently receiving purchase orders from the Austrian government, and dolphins have won the most valuable electric car prizes selected by multiple media outlets. Companies are still in the early stages of the European market, but as Biadey’s brand has become more visible in Europe.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
The information in this report has not been independently verified for audit.