Biadee shares (1211.hk)/Biadey (002594.ch): three-quarter advance forecast of profits over anticipated and one-car profits rising continuously
Huang Jiaji, we reaffirm Biadi's “buy-in” rating and maintain Biadi shares (1211.hk)/Bia October 18, 2023
Biadi's performance for the third quarter was over-expected: based on the company's performance for the first three quarters, Biadi's median net profit for the third quarter would reach RMB 1.0550 billion, an increase of 84 per cent over the same period, and Biadi's shares (1211.hk)
In addition to the higher-than-expected profits contribution of Biadi Electronics, the third quarter of the parallel business, the profitability of Biadi’s automobiles is higher than we expected. The company’s new energy vehicle sales continue to be at an all-time high, with 3q23 sold to 824,000 vehicles.
At the bottom of this line, Biadi's car continues to increase in profit ratio and ring ratio, and its profitability continues to increase upwards. At present, China’s new energy vehicle market is growing steadily, with an overall trend expected from the third quarter.
So we expect Biadi's profitability to be sustained near the top of the third quarter. Looking ahead, China’s new energy vehicle penetration will continue to accelerate next year, and industry and companies are expected to continue their growth dynamics.
Biadi’s share in China’s new energy use vehicle market has been growing: according to recent research, we maintained a 2023 forecast of 8.48 million new energy use vehicles in China. Biadi’s new energy vehicle sales this year are expected to hit the target of 3 million and above.
The share of the energy car market is expected to grow from 28% in 2022 to 35% in 2023. We see the growth dynamics of Biadi and the ability to continue branding by launching a high-end car.
Industry competition has continued to increase, with company orders for new series of vehicles falling short of expectations; 3) upstream cost pressures drag corporate Māori performance; 4) firm high-end models are moving slowly or demand for high-end vehicles is weak; 5) auto-driving is landing slowly, or users experience is not improving significantly.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to accept it:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Card Corps-Phoshi International Securities Co. Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and in the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively "Pulang International") and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell.