Biadey: 2303 performance, profits of bicycles continue to rise 824,000 vehicles, corresponding to +53.0 per cent, ring to +17.1 per cent; of these, pure power to transport 43.2 million vehicles, corresponding to +66.9 per cent, ring to +22.6 per cent; plug to mix 390 million vehicles.
The first analysis of the Wu Ho power plant and the new energy industry shows further scale effects, with 23q3 bicycles gaining profit. The company earns \triangleright for 23q2 bicycles.
Practice number: s1500520090001 is due to the company’s introduction of a multi-prong “winner” model since 2023, which boosts the price of oil and electricity, causing a slight decline in the income of the bicycles.
The net profit of the car is higher than the ring ratio. The company ' s 23q3 car is 44,000 yuan, compared to +6%, the ring to +17%, and the net profit of the car to +1.26 million, compared to 19%, the ring to +30%. Continued R & D investment, with an increase in R & D cost of 23q3.
This is an increase in the R & D cost ratio, corporate sales, management, R & D, financial cost score, profit forecast and investment rating: Biadi, as a domestic powered car leader, is gradually showing a scale effect, a 10,000 dollar price belt market, and an equation leopard focused on a segmented brand market.
This has led to a rapid increase in profitability, and we've raised the company's profit forecast. We're predicting the company's risk factors: the high-end branded vehicle listing process is not as good as expected; the sales of new models are not as high as expected; \triangleright
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The first gold bull prize in 2018, the second in new wealth in 2020, and the fourth core member of the Xinbo 2020 team. Four years of experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The entire chain of car industry is fully covered, with emphasis on Tesla, smart cars, autonomous brands, auto technology centres and Joaquin securities, one year of work experience in automobile companies and two years of research experience in the automobile industry.
Cao Jie, assistant research assistant in the Sunda securities automobile industry, master ' s degree in economics at Beijing Polytechnic University, bachelor ' s degree in engineering, covering, inter alia, smart cars, motor networks, new driving forces, etc.
Ding Ding, M.A., University of Melbourne, covering such areas as smart cabins, electric motors, and whole cars. Part of this is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.