Quantified + medium- and high-end markets continue to build brands 10 November 2023.
During the reporting period, corporate turnover increased, and stock turnover increased to 68.5 days at the end of the third quarter. Meanwhile, the company’s capacity to negotiate a price chain continued to rise, as the global trend of car electricization increased, and counter-subsidization surveys tended to obscure European market repair expectations.
The growth of the global electric train is still at a rapid stage, with regional markets showing mixed performance. According to Cleantechnica, the global volume of new energy by car sales was 8.185,000 vehicles per month, compared with +41.6 per cent. The increase in the domestic market was in line with expectations. According to the Federation, in the first three quarters of 2023, China ' s retail sales of new energy by air were 51.8 million vehicles and the same ratio was +33.8 per cent, with a penetration rate of 34.1 per cent, of which m9 retail sales amounted to 746,000 vehicles per month and the same ratio + 22.2 per cent, with penetration rates of 37.0 per cent overall.
On the European market, the recent launch of a survey on the import of pure electric cars in China has had little impact on the trend of rebounding demand for European trams, with 2023m1-8 European tram sales amounting to 1.932 million vehicles, +33.6% of the same year, of which m8 single-month sales amount to 27,000 vehicles, and +69.3% of the same year, increasing at a single month ' s maximum.
According to Cleantechnica, 2023m1-8 companies have sold 1.744 million vehicles, compared to +74.9 per cent of the world’s cities, a further increase of 20.8 per cent compared to 18.4 per cent in 2022, while widening the gap with second place (14.4 per cent).
In August, the share of overseas cities rose from 1.6% to 4.8% in the same period last year, and in the first three quarters of 2023, 18,85,000 vehicles were used in retail sales, compared to 63.5% in the previous quarter, and 36.3% in the second largest position (8.4%). The company ' s battery load continued to rise, reaching 28.9% in the third quarter of 2023, according to the China Power Battery Industry Innovation Alliance.
According to a company announcement, 2023m10’s new energy exports were re-innovated, breaking the 30,000 mark for the first time, the sales ratio rose, the company continued to deepen its overseas layout, and the company’s first overseas vehicle production base was laid in Qin last March and announced its establishment in Brazil in July.
Large-scale production complexes, covering the entire process of production of materials to the whole of vehicles, and moving from products to industrial chains. We believe that the company’s key future direction is to produce and export, and that the global layout will help to reduce friction with local (especially EU) policies and further expand overseas markets.
Since the beginning of the third quarter, the company’s first equation, Leopard 5, has been officially de-listed, pushing n7, looking up u8, and by car, has created a multi-brand gradient matrix, built by Biadi, ups and ups and downs, and the equation leopard brand, into different end-user markets, with multi-brand strategies driving forward the growth of its target clients. At the same time, high-end brands have been on the rise since their launch, and their roll-out has been intended to capture medium- and high-end markets, and the centre value of the company’s products is expected to move up and brand power has been raised.
Investment proposals and profit projections for global tram sales maintain a high rate of growth, domestic aggregates meet expectations, Europe’s marginal markets improve, and auto electricization continues to show a upward trend. Companies are the leading players in the global tram, and since 2023 have been leading the global & domestic market, actively refining the product and technology matrix and expanding the customer base; and overseas markets continue to grow.
Broad downstream markets, with both product-plus industrial chains out of the sea; expanding market occupancy and reducing profits from recovery under the effect of scale. On the whole, we believe that companies have high barriers and advantages over the growth expectations of the industry, maintaining a “buyer” rating, predicting net profits to their mothers in 2023-2025 of 290.9, 432.2 and 57.82 billion yuan, respectively, corresponding to a macroeconomic downturn and less than expected sales of trams; a shift in electric vehicle policy; a failure to invest in their production capacity than expected; trade barriers; and large fluctuations in raw material prices.
"New Energy in China" is reported in Biadi (002594), with a steady increase in performance, technological innovation + profit driven by overseas exploration and Xiaoqin Air Securities Co. Ltd.
Figure 1 shows that the share of new energy vehicles in the world exceeded 20 per cent (million) in the first quarter of August, figure 2 shows that the share of new energy vehicles in the domestic market reached 36.3 per cent (million) in the first three quarters of the first quarter, and figure shows that the share of new energy vehicles abroad reached 4.8 per cent (one) in the 38th quarter of the year.
The power + storage battery loader close to 120 gwh (gwh) in October prior to figure 4. Figure 6 begins with a quarterly increase in corporate profitability from q1 in the fields of arms, steel, etc., with an in-depth study of both technology and cycles, ongoing in-depth research in the areas of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics and automation, and the establishment of a “China's manufacturing investment cycle” research framework.
The team focused on research in the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium and storage energy, with limited energy devoted to serving more primary and secondary markets where the needs of the country are met, the industry is flourishing and the people have faith, without which it will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in the present report. This report has been prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended for or for any dispatch, release, release, etc.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the public or resident in any area, country, or other area under its jurisdiction in which it is available or used to cause China Securities Limited and its associated companies to violate local laws or regulations, or to subject the Chinese securities to the law or regulation. The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the Chinese securities unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.