H1 performance forecast for 2024: Performance exceeded expectations, looking at $370 million in non-mortality net profit, corresponding to 38% ring. Companies predicting performance beyond the market, rising downstream demand drives performance loops, and the image of both supply and demand is validated.
To benefit from the high demand for arithmetic and the construction of the global data centre, the steady demand for high-speed optical devices, the increase in the demand for high-speed light devices, and the growth in corporate revenue from both source and sourceless products, the efficiency gains of the company have been shown, and we believe that corporate performance in 24h1 especially q2 validates the downstream demand of the company and its own delivery.
We believe that next year’s industrial demand will have the following trend: 1) The cloud plant’s reasoning needs highlight the +h series of calculations.
In the light of the three-fold trend of the 2023 report and the Rika supply slowdown + the self-built Ether network structure, the demand for 800g next year is assessed in the first quarter of 2024: performance is on track.
It will be fully released; 2) British Weida will continue to maintain the excellence of the hardware and software system in training and training, while its client structure will continue to be optimized and will lead further to the convergence of front-line products such as 1.6t.
Substitute and application; 3) Silicon light module with material shortages such as photochips, silicone co-encapsulation trends, three layers of industrial logic to reduce costs, are expected to accelerate penetration. As a high-quality supplier of core devices upstream of the light module, the company is bound to the depth of the large customer, we recognize.
Fibre Communications (300394); performance forecast for 2023 to bind down-stream major head producers for company ' s unsourced products will benefit from next year ' s 800g, 1.6t rating: performance continues to exceed expectations and expectations
Lump-down, source-based clients will continue to have the best voice in the most advanced web products, and will therefore benefit from 1.6t. Better outcomes in the ai wave.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account the high demand for arithmetic-led industrial chains; product R & D falling short of expectations; increased industry competition; and tight supply of raw materials.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.