Overseas demand is strong, and the company ' s 1.6t product is fast-changing 267.35%. Rapid growth in corporate income is largely due to the development of the ai technology and increased demand for arithmetic, and the construction of a global centre of intelligence has led to a steep rise in demand for high-speed optical devices products, with a steep rise in demand.
A strong demand and a good acquisition of surplus shares in product prices, capacity utilization, and efficiency gains will result in 100% control of Thai factories.
As the company's overseas market and capacity, the planet is directly responsible for 100 per cent of Singapore's investments, indirectly for Singapore's technology and Thai factories, the overseas business of the planet is on track, business orders are on the right track, Singapore headquarters has been operational since June, and Thailand is phase one.
The plant is already in use, the relevant production line is in the sample stage, awaiting certification by the client, and phase two is expected to be operational as soon as possible by the end of this year.
• The location of high-end, non-source + characteristics of a source-based workforce that is more relevant to the actual needs of the industry, with the outbreak of large model training and reasoning infrastructure needs, the high speed of the global light module industry, the proliferation of non-sourcedware, the time costs of client certification integration, and future trends
It's a concentration of shares and modular purchases. The company starts with ceramic tubes, three traditional products are produced, and it expands to multiple clients, and through endogenous development + precision mergers and acquisitions, it forms a complete solution covering fine ceramics, engineering plastics, composite metals, optical glass, on the one hand, and horizontally, on the other.
As cpo, opticalio develops, the light communication industry chain will be reshaped, and the light module will shift from plug-in to combustible.
1. Light module oms one-stop platform expansion, beneficial grouping, speech rights may focus more on chip companies and light engines are more customized. This is due to changes in supply chain patterns in the PV era
In addition, the silicon light route is rapidly developing, and the silicon light module needs to solve three major problems of photo-source coupling, fibre-optic coupling, and photo-electric mixing. With the exception of a few idm, such as intel, the Fables chip in the global silicon light industry currently does not have the capability to encapsulate the light engine, in order to improve its generality.
Looking forward to the development of a cluster of i-team communications, it is more likely that sub-employers located in the upper center will be able to take the lead in obtaining orders for the chip-dips. Considering that the current wave of i-teams has led to a rapid increase in lightware orders, and product demand is moving from 800g to 800g.
The high level of competition for unsourced products has led to a decline in the Māori rate, lower-than-anticipated orders from large-source clients, a slowdown in the global gpu after an outbreak of growth, which could lead to a decline in the market for light modules, a slower pace of offshore production than expected to affect large clients, and a structural growth in active operations resulting from the growth of the industry.
The data and information used in this report, using information that is legally compliant and produced independently and objectively, come from open information in the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of the information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.