The high-speed light module has maintained a strong demand for both sources and sources, with an expected peak of 1.6t new products at 10 billion yuan on September 2024, compared to +184.2 per cent, a significant increase in the same year. By ring, single-q2 companies earned 820 million.
RMB, ring ratio + 12.7%, net profit to mother $380 million, ring ratio +34.6%, profit relative to income round increase speed of output of both passive and active products during the first half of the year. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
Market data: 9 September 2024. Sustained and steady growth in demand for high-speed lightware products. The latest report from Lightning projects total circulation a/total equity (billions) in 2024:
The market for the ballai cluster light module will more than double and continue between 2025 and 2026. The market value of the company ' s circulationa share (billions): the source product covers sequesters, filters, fiberarray, multi-mode plastic lenses, etc., and benefits from the main.
Fabrinet, the company’s top customer in 2023, was full of 24q2 receipts, ring ratio + 15%, + 3%. The first half of the year, the sourceless device ratio was 68.9%, the sourcer ratio 46.8%, the same year +13.9pct, + 5.4pt, q2 none.
As the high-speed light module develops to 1.6t, eml, silicon light technology routes will go in parallel.
The display, the unsourced devices, especially fiberarray, awg, silicon lenses and cw lasers, have significant customization features, and head customers have a clear trend towards high end.
The R & D expenditure items include “fiberarray device products for various special application scenarios”, “Special fibre-optic devices for silicon modules and single-channel high-power laser products”, “Multi-channel high-power lasers for cpo-els module applications”, “Multi-wave 200g light launcher”, “Asymptomatic”
Multi-channel fibre-optic coupling arrays for cpo, “Multi-channel receiving wavelengths for high-speed light modules”, etc.
The silicon light package has a relatively high output of associated non-source devices, and efforts will continue to be made to expand production, and the flow of source-based module products with large clients is expected to continue to grow in the second half of the year, with a forecast of 20251.6t \triangleright
The company’s top client, Fabrinet, is the main supplier of the Thai light module odm in 2023, with good cooperation with a North American arithmetic client.
(Natural year 23q2-24q2) Fabrinet’s revenue grew by more than 120 per cent over the year, with 24q2800g of the highest income of $260 million, or 34.4 per cent, becoming the core driver of Fabrinet’s growth. Fabrinet expects that the demand for 800g of its large clients will remain strong in the second half of 2024 and will follow the demand of its larger clients.
The company's six-monthly stock of raw materials grew by 64.3% compared to the beginning of the year, the Thai son's line of production was partially operational, and the acquisition of 46.67% of the stock of Skyfu Star showed commitment to overseas layouts. As a core customer's light engine supplier, we believe that 24q4 is expected to start with 1.6t.
The company's business concept of “favourable manufacturing, all-in-kind” and its ability to expand the market for sophisticated, non-sourced devices on the basis of customized, high-quality sustainability \triangleright is expected to benefit fully from the high-speed process.
The market for the light module broke out. We expect the company to make a net return profit in 2024-2026, i.e., gpu servers, respectively.
Adjustments; deterioration of competitive patterns as a result of the introduction of new suppliers by large downstream clients; low level of gross Maori ratios for source-based products over upgrades: new unsourced devices are imported less than expected at 1.6t and silicon light for customers.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.