The demand for high-speed light devices has continued to grow, and the company's performance has continued to increase.
Demand for high-speed optical devices continued to grow steadily, and corporate performance increased significantly. In the first half of 2024, global data centre construction led to a steady and steady increase in demand for high-speed optical devices products, driving company growth in both source and sourceless product lines over the reporting period.
In the first half of 2024, the company generated 697 million yuan, 820 million yuan, an increase of 267.35 per cent, and Māori.
Increasing R & D inputs and consolidating competitive advantages in products. Companies continue to deepen their R & D design and process development capabilities in the overall solution of optical devices and advanced optical envelope manufacturing, and maintain their technological leadership in the area of segmentation over the long term.
The company has successfully and continuously reduced its new products by investing in high-intensity research and development to speed up the internationalization of the industry and meet the rising demand in the context of the 'i' wave.
Towards a globalization strategy that will gradually improve the global web-based layout of Suzhou as the headquarters of China, Singapore as the overseas headquarters, Jiangxi as the production base of Thailand to meet the needs of its different overseas clients, part of the company's Thailand production base workshop was partially operational in the first half of 2024.
Camp, Singapore headquarters is operational. In the context of fast-paced technological development and arithmetic demand, high demand for high-speed optical devices and higher corporate performance growth, corporate internationalization is expected to continue to stabilize corporate performance.
Profit-enhancing — Wirtschaftsprüfer (300394.sz) 2023 annual report and 1-quarterly report 2024 Profit projection and investment rating: companies in the context of a rapidly growing demand for arithmetic
The constant and steady growth in demand for high-speed lightware products, coupled with the acceleration of the internationalization industry, provides security for sustained performance growth. We assume that the company valued 41.4 times the value for 2024-2026, taking into account the company’s long-term maintenance of technology in the area of segmentation.
Leading by maintaining a “buy-in” rating. \triangleright down; increased competition in the industry; risk of exchange rate fluctuations; adverse changes in the macro-environment;
This report is prepared without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. In projecting the evolution of the securities variety or making recommendations on the feasibility of investment securities, I have made the required disclosure and, to the extent I know it, the company, and the stakeholders in the property have no interest in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended.
This report has a risk rating of r4, which is intended only for customers (c4 and above) who meet the requirements for the proper management of investors in Hualong Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”). The company will not be treated as an ex officio customer by any institution or individual who receives the report.