The shift to efficiency gains, the upgrading of the internationalization strategy
The company ranked third in Forbes 2020, third in the world's top 2,000 gold companies, and first in China's top 500 non-ferrous metal mining business profit index, with the company incorporating msci for the first time.
▪ Sustained innovation is the firm’s core competitiveness. Companies continue to innovate in management, technology, and operations, effectively separating ownership from business, operating mechanisms, and decision-making.
Efficiency has a clear market-based advantage. Companies have developed a unique model of purple gold, ranging from information technology to engineering end-of-end design, in the design, construction operation and management of mineral exploration.
One of the major mining companies. The company has reached a high degree of integration in 12 international organizations around the world, with a management model for the “realing of the ore stream” from surveying to smelting and environmental formation, and 14 Chinese provinces (regions) operating gold, copper, zinc, etc.
Efficient and effective integrated control, which contributes to companies' autonomous exploration for prospectively increased storage capacity, exploitation, smelting and marketing of mineral resources, mining projects (enhancement of corporate value elasticity), and low-cost projects that contribute to companies' mining projects
Efficiency operations (upgrading corporate performance elasticity). ▪ The company ' s exceptional resource advantages are growing: the company is the largest company in China with the mineral resources, one right to prospecting and 236 mining rights, and has a gold metal reserve of 2334 tons (year-on-year + 23.7 per cent).
In addition, the company ' s reserves are constantly growing. Given the company ' s autonomy in exploring the accumulated amount of copper, nearly 28 million new copper, it is estimated that the company will be able to increase the amount of copper.
The flowb/h (millions) tons, 1207 tons of gold and 8.11 million tons of lead and zinc, we believe that the technological advantage of the company in exploration will effectively increase the mineral resources of the company, which will contribute positively to the company's already mineral value.
• The company has grown into the largest mining, copper and zinc production enterprise in the country, and the smelting capacity has continued to be released: the company ' s production of gold, copper, zinc and silver in 2020 has continued to grow, the companies ' s s smelting capacity is in a sustained period of growth, and the company ' s total smelting capacity is currently estimated at 730,000 tons.
▪ Corporate resource advantages have effectively shifted to efficiency advantages: companies have adhered to a priority strategy for mineral resources and have implemented countercyclical M&A strategies since 2015, and low-cost mineral resources have been combined with effective project optimization, highlighting the competitiveness of corporate production costs as a whole, leading to a sustained release of corporate efficiency advantages.
In 2020, the Department increased the overall mineral Maori by 5.08 pct to 47.7 per cent, of which mineral gold, mineral copper and mining mega-international mining groups were the ultimate targets of the company ' s 10-year development, in which the production of minerals crossed the range of 148052010001.
Growth is one of the company's most important core objectives. By breaking apart the company's production from the mines, we discovered that by 2023 (the company's 10-year plan, phase II), the company's mineral gold and copper division observed the mineral gold plate, which was completed with the 2021 Vuritika gold mine.
Production of 6.3 tons of mineral gold, completion of technical modifications and process optimization in Guyana (approximately 4 tons of annual mineral gold), Xinnan tons/day extension (approximately 3.5 tons of annual mineral gold), Norton 1.5 million tons/year Paddington s14800802
With the completion of the renovation of the plant (5.5 tons of annual mineral gold production) and the improvement of the mercury cave gold mine, we expect the company to produce 73 tons of mineral gold in the year after 2023, an increase of 80 per cent over 2020; moreover, from the copper block, taking into account the test production of the Kamoacacura copper mine in 2021 (30 per cent of the capacity of about 80,000 tons of equity)
Mineral copper and the year 2023 (about 157,000 tons of mineral copper) and the eastern source of wealth and wisdom on Timok (average value of about 914,000 tons of mineral copper) and the year 2022 (expected value of mineral copper contribution)
Up to 83,000 tons) and the completion of phase 1 (approximately 80,000 tons of mineral copper), it is expected that the company ' s annual mineral gold production will now account for about 1.6 times more gold in the future (80 per cent of future-year mineral gold growth), and that the gold and metal reserves will be in excess of that of Shandong, and that the reserves will be in the range of gold and Newmont.
The gold reserves (65 million ounces and 100.2 million ounces, respectively) show that the company's gold plate operations are in terms of production and storage, or at least 2000-25 billion dollars: from the company's copper operations, the public sector's mineral copper reserves and production are the first in the country, the domestic reserves for the bronze industry in the country are 13.8 million tons of copper and
200 000 tonnes of mineral copper production per year, global copper reserves vs. freeport (52.6 million tonnes of copper), taking into account that the company still has 96% of the annual growth in copper production, the company ' s copper business compares the relevant listed companies from the point of view of storage and the release of production from other small metals.
Or at least $50 billion. A combination of business lines, we think the company has a reasonable market value as the price of gold and copper rises further, the macro-cycle resonance with the company’s production cycle or pushes the company’s gold prices up. High copper prices run: taking into account the gold hedge premium, the liquidity premium and the exchange rate.
In the long run, the continued tight balance between the supply and demand of copper is expected to lead to high copper prices by 2023.
Project mobilization progress and technological improvements are below the expected risks, exchange rate fluctuations and the risk of exchange rate fluctuations in the country where the project is located
Zhang Tian Feng and team management experience. He was the investment manager for the East Hing Asset Management Programme (cta) and the general manager of the East Hing Futures Investment Advisory Department. He was awarded the second prize for the joint study of futures of the China Financial Exchange (CIFE) and the third prize for the joint study of futures.
The silver and multimedia copper prizes for the futures competition: a third prize for the market competition for the soybean futures of the Dalian commodity exchange, and a final prize for the market for the futures of the market.
Qing Qing Zhang included five sci papers published by the first author (cumulative if > 10); research work in Bosin Steel, 2015-2018, during which it sponsored or participated in several new product development projects and applied them to priority projects: the Eung Xing bond of May 2018.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the gold mine (601899): the resource advantage has shifted to the efficiency advantage, and the strategy of internationalizing the market space of the company does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice it contains. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.