Company review reports that the non-ferrous metals industry is moving into a high-speed, long-term, world-class purple gold mining (601899.sh)
The rise in global gold prices and copper prices has led companies to produce gold and minerals/tonne of their main product. The cost per unit of sale of gold from mines has increased by only 2.72% to 177.38 yuan/g over the same period.
The unit cost of selling copper from mines decreased by 3.15 per cent to 20095 tons over the same period. This resulted in a rise in the Māori ratio of gold from mines and copper from mines from 9.59 percentage points to 4.73 percentage points, respectively, during the reporting period.
Annual mineral copper production was 453.4 million tons, an increase of 22.6 per cent compared to the previous year, and a small decline of 0.79 per cent from the same year due to Papua New Guinea tons. The company’s major projects were well under way, and a group of pre-positioned mega-mine projects were about to reach their peak, with the upper belts of the Pej copper mine in Serbia,
In the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the first phase of the Kakura copper mining project and the first phase of the Tibetan dragon removal mine will be completed in 2021, while technological improvements such as the Vuritica gold mine in Colombia, the Pol copper mine in Serbia, the Norton gold fields in Australia, the Guiana gold fields and the copper mine in Heilongjiang are also accelerating production.
Yes. The company expects mineral gold production to reach 53-56 tons in 2021, mineral copper production to reach the completion of copper deposits, and a significant increase in the production of several existing mines through technological expansion, with the production of the company ' s main mineral products and key economic indicators going beyond growth to the company ' s mineral gold in 2022.
(a) Production of 67-72 tons, mineral copper production of 800,000-850,000 tons, and significant economic power and enterprise size;
(c) Phase III (2026-2030): full implementation by 2030 of a highly technologically efficient inter-State mining group, with key economic indicators close to or almost at the level of a global first-class mining company.
Controlling resource reserves, production of major products, sales revenues, asset size, profits, etc., is a combination of the world’s top 3-5. Investment proposals: mass vaccinations, accelerated economic recovery, and the return of inflation with fiscal stimulus from the US, while the Fed stresses that it will remain broad for some time to come.
The global liquidity of the pine policy remains adequate, contributing to the rise in the price of non-ferrous metals for major commodities such as copper, zinc, and lead, and supporting the price of gold. The company is approaching a peak stage in the production of a group of super-copper gold mining projects, where future production of mineral copper and gold will increase significantly, in line with the high commodity price cycle, the company’s performance, and its own commitment to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, clearly and accurately reflecting its research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.