An event review in Maotai, Guizhou (600519) estimated that the reported performance would continue to grow slightly faster than expected, by around 37 per cent over the same year; and that the total profit achieved would rise by about 40 per cent over the same year.
The medium-reported performance is expected to continue to grow at a rapid rate. In the first half of 2018, total operating income is expected to be $35 billion, or 11 percentage points higher than in the second half of the second half of the second half of the second half of the second half of the second half, and the rate of growth is expected to be around 2018 q1; total profits are expected to be about $10.35 billion, or about 41 per cent higher, with an increase of 9 percentage points and an increase of 2 percentage points higher than the rate of 2018 q1.
The rapid increase in performance was mainly due to higher prices. The company achieved operating revenues of 15.765 billion yuan and 1,688 million yuan, respectively, respectively, respectively, up 27.5 per cent and 80.5 per cent, respectively, and is expected to increase the volume of the market at single-digit levels and above 30 per cent for the sale of the series. There was an increase in the price of the company ' s products. The average increase in the price of the product was around 18 per cent from the price of the bottled product in 2018, while the average price of the sale of the series was projected to increase at an average of 18 per cent.
As a brand name, Mao Dai is expected to raise brand concentration in the future. We're currently less than 20% of the white wine industry, which is far below the international level.
The company is expected to increase brand concentration in the future. The company’s performance in 2018 is expected to continue to grow rapidly; in the medium and long term, Mao has the ability to upgrade brands in the future as a brand of excellent white wine.
Medium. Maintains the recommended rating. East Timor Portfolio Investment Rating System: The “market index” reference point of this rating system is 300 indexes of depth.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.