Sustained and steady growth is better than anything.
The semi-annual report of the company 18q2 has achieved an operating income of $16,856 million, an increase of 45.56 per cent, and a net return of $7,257 million to the mother, an increase of 41.53 per cent.
If the volume price is broken down by this statement, it is expected that H1 will deliver 140,000 tons of goods, 29,383 million yuan, an increase of 35.92 per cent, and 3,993 million yuan, an increase of 56.75 per cent. We believe that the company will have more to offer in the second half of the year and at the end of the year.
At the same time, we can see a steady decline in pre-collect payments, which will become normal in the future. Cost rates have increased slightly, and product structures have continued to optimize to ensure higher profitability.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is 6.24% of the cost of sales, an increase of 0.83 pct, associated with the promotion of inputs in the liquor market; 6.98% of the management cost, a decrease of 0.99 pct; close to 9,000 tons of single-sale Princes and Han sauce, with sales exceeding 2.5 billion yuan.
The logic of Poofei’s “downward enrichment of product structure, upward upgrading” remains unchanged, and the future of high-end products will still make up for the rest of the season, and the diversity of channels will keep the company in absolute control over the price of alcohol.
It will remain unshakable, but diversification channels will be effective in reducing the price volatility associated with industrial fluctuations, and this statement will have a slight impact on the price of tons of alcohol at lower direct sales rates (up from 55 per cent in direct stores). Although the current rate is low, and 40 per cent of the cloud market platform is just a means for distributors to get on and use in the season, the rate of direct sales will rise in the future, with great potential for an increase in average prices.
Six months ago, the number of domestic distributors increased by 236, mostly a series of liquor distributors, and the expansion of distributors provided more room for companies to control prices during the season. In the future, the certainty of the huts became more pronounced, and volume prices slowly increased.
\triangleright’s high growth. Although there is a high base for the last three quarters, the gap between grass-roots research and actual reporting and the confidence of distributors in the mid-twilight season can still be expected for the next half of the year. And there are expectations for the year’s base and next year’s price increases in the fourth quarter.
We keep looking at the steady growth of Mao Dai, and the white wine section, driven by Mao Dai, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Eastern Foundation, Tedarhonley Foundation. Masters' degree in Finance, University of Durant, United Kingdom, and two degrees in undergraduate studies, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics. 2017 Analysts' own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies