The primary operating data for the first half of 2018 were published in Maotai, Guizhou. In the first half of the year, companies achieved gross operating income of about 35 billion yuan (a 37% increase in the same year), while pre-tax profits of 16.9 billion yuan (a 40% increase in the same year), all of which were based on the 43% increase in the revenue of the second quarter of this year to 16.6 billion yuan, lower than we previously predicted.
5%. The implicit increase in revenue in the second quarter of this year is faster than 32% in the first quarter of this year, and the implicit increase in profits before tax in the second quarter of this year is 41% to RMB 10.3 billion, 3% lower than we had previously predicted. We know from some dealers that the price of a batch of pony wine in some parts of the country has risen again to RMB 1,700 or more.
These dealers say that the company requires the distributor to order part of the non-touched huts (bought up the year ' s wine, custom wine, raw shawl, etc.) and to increase the proportion of direct sales, and that the prices of these products are significantly higher than the prices of the plants, thus pushing up the average sales price.
Main risks: government price control/macroeconomic slowdown has led to a low intervention period for high-end white wine.
Main battalion operating income (rmmm) old ebitda (rmmmn)
Old profit (rmb) market net rate (x) aej strong buy-in/sale list per share
We, Liao Yu, cfa, Dai, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the companies or their securities. Moreover, no part of our salary has been paid.
The investment summary section evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, return, valuation multipliers and volatility.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of acquisition of certain companies. Then we rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming a M & A (30-50%), two with a medium probability (15-30%) and three with a lower probability of representation.
Quantum quantum is a highly proprietary database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison with gssustain between firms in different industries and markets
The gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gsssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to perform well vis-à-vis their global counterparts over the long term, based on excellent capital returns, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of risk to esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance).
Liao Yung Fu, cfa: a unit of media, a unit of food beverages, a unit of food beverages: anhuiguingdistilleryco., jiangsuking'sluckbrewery, jiangsuyanghe, kweichowmooutai, luzhoulaojiao, qinghaihuzhu barleywineco., shanxixinghuacunfenwine, sichuanswellfunco., tsingtaobrewery (a), wuliangyyibin.
a) Media: alphagroup, beijingenlightmediaco., beijinggehuacatv, beijinghualubainafilm&tvco., bluefocuscommunication, China socialpublishing&media, facusmediainformationtech, guangdongadvertising, huaaibrothesmedia, imaxchinahalolding, jiangsu phoeenix, orientalpearl, ourpalmco., wadafim, zhejianghuacefilm&tv.
Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services from the following companies over the next three months: kweichowmoutai (rmb746.99) Goldman Sachs has an investment bank customer relationship with the following companies over the past 12 months: kweichowmoutai (rb746.99)
Company ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Return decisions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has a dynamic rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of purchase and sale ratings in each industry may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
The investment rating of these stocks has changed, to be eliminated. Ratings (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the issuance of reports. Investment ratings and price targets (if any) for such stocks previously set will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Research (cs): We have already suspended
Suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no research on the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information does not make sense because it is distributed in China by the High China Portfolio. High China Securities are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy. 16 July 2018
Guizhou Maotai (600519.ss)