In the second half of the year, Mao has published the 18th and six-monthly report: 18h1 has achieved a total revenue of $35,251 million, an increase of 38.27 per cent, and the vendor has reduced the loan cycle by the same time + unaudited purchase orders + partial advance q2 has been confirmed.
Enter. If the change in advance receipts is excluded, the total flight volume for the second quarter of the bill will be approximately 5,400 tons, as expected. q2 Light season companies voluntarily control the volume of shipments, channel research shows that the source of the shipment is tight and the shipment cycle is longer than in the same period last year, so the bulk price is high, and the price has passed by 1600 since April.
At one time, it reached a high of $1750, highlighting the strong demand. 18h1 as a whole was 13,400 tons, 18h2 as planned for the year at 30,000 tons and 16,600 tons, while the base for delivery in the second half of last year was high, 18h2 was expected to increase. (2) The 18h1 series generated 3,993 million yuan, which is the same increase.
56.7%. We estimate that the Maoutata Liquor Company has achieved nearly 16,000 tons of sales in the first half of the year, or 53% of the year ' s plan; sales have been 57% of the year ' s plan. And the structure of the series has improved significantly, with Prince and Hanzai becoming the two largest singles in the series, contributing about 50% or more of the series ' s sales.
At the profit end: Māori is still on track, and there is room for a rise in net interest rates. 18h1 company sales of Māori reached 90.94%, an increase of 1.32 pct, with a positive contribution from price increases at the end of last year.
Up to 11.3 per cent (a 1.3 pct increase) with a slight drag on Māori, accompanied by a slowdown in the next half of the year (based on the company ' s full-year plan), Māori rates are expected to rise in the second half of the year; marketing costs 1, " Demand is strong and stable and prices are stable " .
Market promotion, publicity and market expansion costs increased by the same $770 million; management costs increased by the same absolute amount; 2, " Volatile season performance exceeded expectations, or led to an overall upturn in the consumption pole valuation "
In summary, the net interest rate of the company during the reporting period was 50.67 per cent, an increase of 0.88 pct, accompanied by a decrease in the share of the series and a decrease in the number of deliveries, and there was still room for an increase in the net interest rate.
High-end tap, long-term layout. Controlling delivery during the first half of the season leaves room for incremental growth in the second half of the year, excellent, and performance on the lower ten base for the second half of the year, with high annual clarity. Current batch prices are high, highlighting that supply remains tight and based on the base.
Liquor production, supply stress, is expected to continue. The company takes the initiative to regulate the prices, de-store stocks, strengthens the management and basic marketing of dealers, and fosters the consumption of sauce through a series of wines, both in the long term and beyond, so we suggest a longer-term perspective.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. already has a securities investment advisory committee.