Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) has increased significantly in the second quarter.
The booster bonus is better represented, and the ton price increases contribute to the increase in income. We report a quarterly review of the impact of the delay in delivery on the acceleration rate, which is not sufficient, as analysed in the evaluation, because the product structure is heavy and the effect of the price increases in the past quarter is not sufficient.
The total tonnage (excluding taxes) of the Maw is expected to reach 2.14 million, which is higher than the year-on-year rate.
Quote: Performance exceeded expectations, and this year is a better year.
At the level of sales, the income is recognized on the basis of the statement, combined with the tonnage we measure -- 2018/01/30 tons. Assuming a small annual supply increase of about 4%, the income in the first half of the year corresponds to the income in the statement.
According to feedback from sources, there is a difference between the volume of real sales observed in the first half of the year and the volume of real shipments observed, which is about 1,050 tons, and the value of the sales at 2.14 million tons, which is about $2.9 billion, which is in line with the reduction in advance payments at the end of the second quarter.
There is little difference (excluding taxes, approximately $2.762 billion). So we judge that the high growth in the income from the kooky wine in the second quarter alone is better reflected by the increase in prices, on the one hand, and by the recognition of advance receipts as income-driven, on the other.
The decline in advance payments has not hindered growth, and the debt ratio has reduced the country’s leading role. Companies’ advance payments have fallen further in the second quarter, mainly as a result of the new rules on borrowing.
We do not think there is much to worry about the impact of the decline in advance receipts on the company’s business level. First, for such a high-quality species as Mautai, advance receipts play a major role in smoothing quarterly performance.
Water storage, water release, reduced volatility, but not necessarily changed trends; second, the price of poo wine is pretty good in the second quarter of the year, when it comes to sales. Although the company has improved delivery during the second quarter of this year, the arrival is more timely, but the source of the goods is tight, and vendors are more likely to sell.
The pattern and atmosphere have not changed: Third, the marketing business has been able to adapt to the New Deal for over a year, and the arrival of the goods in a timely fashion has dispelled the concerns of the distributors that they will not be able to obtain the goods, and that early and excessive payments will naturally be reduced; and fourthly, the company is growing at risk and is expected to be optimistic.
Under the circumstances, it is not necessary to collect so much advance money to put it on the balance sheet. Together with the new deal, it gradually absorbs the advance collection stock, maintains a reasonable level of efficient functioning, and lowers indicators such as asset-liability ratios, which serve as a model for a leading state company.
During the reporting period, there were 250 new dealers in the company, mainly in the pasta series, and sales in the first half of the year were reported to be close to 16,000 tons, or 53 per cent of the planned year;
The corresponding sales volume of $4,672 million, 58.4 per cent of the year's plan, sales and structural improvements were both highly anticipated, Prince's wine and Hanfu. In terms of new recruits and sales growth, the market for the series of wines expanded well, and the marketing channels sunk and the bulk of the monolith was saturated.
With the company's power of wine, we can see that a significant new growth in the company's future has been highlighted. According to the financial budget, the company plans to increase sales by about 40% this year.
It is expected that the market will be expanded mainly around a series of wines. From the first half of the year ' s input and the results achieved, the cost is better than desired, while the second half of the year has a lighter mandate and less difficult to achieve, and it is expected that the cost of sales will improve (mainly in terms of market expansion and transport, insurance costs).
The structure of the product influences the Māori rate of sales and the cost of sales and administration is two quarters of net profit.
Because of the relatively low but faster increase and weight of the liquor series, the Māori rate of sales of the alcohol matrix has been reduced. The product structure of the stacking up of the past three quarters is more common, so in the first half of the year, the Māori rate of sales of the company was not as high as it was expected.
It's so high. But in the second half of the year, if the series of wines were to slow down slightly, and the structure of the products of the mahogany was to be more normal, and the series itself was to be upgraded, the Māori rate was to be expected to drop by 1.64 pct on a year-on-year basis, mainly from sales rates and management fees.
The sales cost rate for the second half of the year is expected to drop, based on the cost-effectiveness of the series, the progress of the mission, and the company’s pattern of past execution budgets. Even if the sales cost rate increases by 40% of the budget, the sales cost rate for the year will be lower than in the second quarter alone.
The increase in the administrative cost rate is mainly influenced by employee remuneration costs and royalties from trademark licences, which are expected to improve slowly as income size increases.V. Income profits continue to grow at a high level of certainty in the outlook for the second half of the year and in the future.
In the second half of this year, there was no significant profit in Mao Dai and high-end white wine. After the season, high-end sales of white wine remained the focus of the market.
In the second quarter, the company still controls the speed at which the goods are delivered. In combination with reporting and channel feedback, the fallbacks, assuming that the stock of the pre-collected stock is fully marketed in the first half of the year, prove that market demand is now strong; and assuming that some of them do not actually flow into the market today.
In the first half of the year, the volume of goods delivered was relatively small, and market confidence was boosted by the second half of the year’s boom. Although the pre-value base was not so small in the second half of the year, consideration was given to the low-price dividend, as well as management.
With the relaxation of the layer, the promise of a small increase in the number of puppies throughout the year, and a build-up of the series of wines, we believe that the performance of the second half of the year will not be poor, with income growing by more than 25 per cent over the year. Markets are generally concerned that the puppies could slow down their performance in 2019 due to inadequate supply.
So far, companies are ready to smooth their performance. Starting in 2016, a series of years of product restructuring, and a fast-growing series of wine after market expansion, next year's growth will not be as pessimistic as the market thinks.
Method one, establishing a consortium to recover 50% of the profits from the channel; and method two, increasing the direct camp model, cutting the profits from the channel. So there are many ways to raise the performance of the year 2019.
In Guo Dai's 2018, it was reported that the decline in advance receipts was a sign of growth and a return to valuation, and that starting in 2020, with the gradual release of the production capacity, there would be no major problem with the quantity of the pot. The steady increase over time and the reasonable increase in prices would lead to an increase.
If the two approaches mentioned above are used to accelerate the return of funds and raise net interest rates, they will support the rapid growth of income and profits in 2020.
We believe that the market should gradually accept the changes that will be made in the future, and that it should adapt to the speed of growth and return to normal, with a reasonable valuation.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.