• Valuation logic: The Age of Genesis calls for the advent of a new valuation system, a semiconductor-led hard-tech industry
The industry characteristics of high R & D inputs and high capital spending determine that the traditional pe valuation system, which values net profits, is not applicable in the current industry. We propose a whole new set of valuation frameworks based on industry characteristics with different segments of the semiconductor industry chain: semiconductor manufacturers are suitable for pb or v/ebitda.
Equipment and designers are suitable for valuation methods that are supported by ps or v/sales valuations.e Using the example of the North, we have proposed two completely new valuation methods for reversion of ps based on the characteristics of its future growth (income + contributions received in advance) and reversion of pe valuation (profit + R & D costs).
• Horizontal comparison: The industrial cycle and growth stage of the semiconductor giant is different. The global equipment giant, represented by the application of materials, is 10 x, which is significantly lower than the North’s Genepe valuation hub. The global equipment giant is at maturity, with a growth rate consistent with the industry’s growth rate, while the North’s creation is in the long term, valued for water.
By contrast with various valuation methods, such as ps, v/sale, and v/ebidta, we find that the difference between the valuations of northern Chinese and overseas equipment suppliers has been significantly reduced. Long: the relative procyclical expansion of domestic crystal mills and the increase in the domestic production of equipment has brought about a double-equity for domestic equipment suppliers.
Beta. 2, scarcity: product lines are not replicable + downstream client structures are incomparable + the pool of talent is strong + the strategic position is significant. 3. Strategic status: semiconductor equipment is precisely the core fort in the path of automatization, i.e. the increase in self-sufficiency has become a national priority strategy, with the country specializing in integrated circuits 01 and 02.
The equipment company is characterized by a percentage of the customer's advance payment before production, with production cycles ranging from 6 to 12 months, and the revenue recognized by the current company does not reflect the firm's ability to obtain orders. The true ps valuation formula is: market value/(income + income + income)
A new advance of $1 billion a year, assuming 50% of the client’s advance, corresponds to a real order size of $2 billion. R & D costs amounted to 27% in the first half of the year, net interest rates were less than 10%, while global semiconductors and other national producers of equipment, such as Hasegawa Technologies, had a 20% net interest rate.
The value formula is market value/(profits + R& D costs * costing rate). Conservative estimates of 20% R&D cost in 2019, corresponding to 900 million R&D costs, estimated at nearly 50% cost in 17 years.
The real net profit for 19 years is 860 million yuan, or 38 times more than the current market value. The revenue from the carrier’s equipment has increased significantly (2019-02-28).
Accelerating the development of 5 nanometres and 7 nanomic equipment (2019-01-06) with over-expected indicators that will enjoy the strength of double beta
5. North China (002371): Application of standard materials to explore the rise of state-owned equipment (2018-06-27) 6. North China (002371).
The new dynamics of the new era (2018-04-13)1 contrast horizontally: the global semiconductor equipment giant is in maturity and valuation levels are currently as high as 147 ttm in the North, corresponding to 73 in 2019, from the valuation point of view.
U.S. appliance (amat), lrcx and klacpe values only 10 x and Asmape is relatively high at 30 x, also as semiconductor equipment, and values, but we don't think that the application material, the Ram studies and the Coly semiconductor 10xpe are good for the North.
1. 1.1 The life cycle of the United States share semiconductor is not consistent with that of the domestic equipment provider, except for the >100xpe staged in 2009-2010 and 2016a.a
The main reason is that the semiconductor industry in the United States and the semiconductor industry in China have a different life cycle, that the semiconductor industry in the United States has started early, that technology has matured, that market concentration is high, that the semiconductor industry as a whole is largely at maturity levels, and that the semiconductor industry in China is relatively late in its start and that technology and markets are at a high pace of development, so the semiconductor industry in the United States is in a very advanced stage of development.
Looking back at the development of the application materials, three different stages of growth showed remarkable performance. From the company’s listing in 1972 until 1997, the prices of revenues and shares rose several hundredfold.
After 15 years of build-up and transformation, applications began to grow after only four years in 2013, and the size of the collection continued to rise one-fold.
The semiconductor equipment, represented by applied materials, Ram studies, has a high market value (about $30 billion) and a collection of hundreds of millions of dollars, roughly equal to the volume of the application material in 1988, which is at an endogenous growth stage.
In the analysis, we will argue in detail that the North’s Chinese invention is now in its long-term phase, while the foreign semiconductor equipment dealer is now in maturity, and that the growth in corporate revenue is consistent with the growth in the global semiconductor sector. Generally speaking, when an enterprise enters maturity in the long term, the valuation level must be killed.
In terms of long-term valuations of up to 30 x, the level of valuations has fallen from 40 x to insufficient after reaching maturity, and we use the NASDAQ Index Dynamicspe for growth-oriented business valuations, and Dow Jones Industrial Index Dynamicspe for familiar business valuations, which can be found to be about 1.5 times higher than the value of a mature enterprise in the long term.
1.2 Valuation with a national semiconductor is not a reasonable option, and financial performance and growth characteristics vary significantly when a business is at different stages of its life cycle, and therefore there is a problem of periodic infraction in the same way.
Value indicators, therefore, have a certain value as a factor in the relative stability of the performance of global semiconductor equipment dealers in maturity. For enterprises in the long term, there are large fluctuations in profitability, and therefore significant fluctuations. For domestic equipment providers, there are limitations to using the pe valuation, and a lower net profit weight valuation indicator should be chosen.
The usual valuation indicators are ps, ev/ebitda, and ev/sale.ps valuation: For long-term enterprises, especially those with high R & D inputs, such as semiconductors, revenue has increased significantly, but net profits continue to be eroded by high R & D costs, making it difficult to achieve a commensurate increase in profitability.
The field tends to focus more on the marginal changes in the company’s industrial position and income, and has a higher tolerance for profitability, so that ps is a relatively reasonable valuation indicator at this stage.ev/ebitda (business value multiplier) valuation: semiconductor enterprises are typical technology-intensive enterprises and technology development
In general, a company’s M&A would cause significant fluctuations in a range of financial indicators, such as net profits, sales earnings, cash flows, leverage, etc., which would lead to sharp fluctuations in the company’s valuation level. In such cases, investors could use the v/ebitda commonly used in M&As for valuation purposes.
Multiple valuations of industry value have several advantages: 1) excluding the effects of different income tax rates, making the listing of companies in different countries and regions more comparable: 2) excluding the effects of the capital structure and facilitating comparisons of valuation levels of different companies: 3) ebitda has shown more clearly the effects of non-operational factors such as depreciation policy, financial leverage, long-term investment levels, etc.
ev/sale valuation: ev/sale is a more reasonable valuation when the net interest rate of semiconductor enterprises is below the industry average or is at a loss at some stage, but the company ' s future net interest rate is expected to reach the industry average.
By comparing the ps values of the North’s Volcano and the international equipment giants, we have found that the ps of the international giants have been relatively stable since 2010, with the ps of the appliance materials, Ram studies, and the cox semiconductor having the pss of 3x, the Asma ps.
The value of the ps is 6x. The ps in North China is highly volatile, but it has remained stable at 7x from 2017. The ps (ttm) in North China is currently 9x, corresponding to 7x in 2019. Thus, the valuation difference is significantly reduced from the ps point of view in relation to the valuation level of the North’s large Chinese and offshore equipment.
Looking at the ps from the different stages of growth of the global equipment giants, we can find that the average ps level in the long-term application material is approximately 3 x, with the maximum of 7 x at the peak stage of the extended M&A. Ram studies are lower in the long-term, and then, after a series of M&A restructurings, the Ps are raised to 3x. Since the Ram studies have been in M&As in recent years,
Reorganizing, superbing the company’s historical ps has been at a low level, so the mature valuations have been shown in the Ram studies. For the global light locomotive company, Asma, the historical bottom of the ps valuation is 2 and the M&A peak will reach 6x-7x. The main reason for Asma’s valuation is that it is far above the industry average.
80%, and in areas such as high-end light-engine euv, which is the most well-deserved global, and where the euv light-climbing process has a unique advantage of 7 nanometers and below, Asma enjoys a higher valuation premium. From a v/sale perspective, the international giant’s valuation level shows a clear trend of differentiation.
v/sale valuation centre is 2.5 x, ecclesiastical semiconductor 4x, Asma 6x, and North China 8x. Also, for the same company, the v/sale valuation indicator is more volatile than ps. From the point of view of v/ebitda, application materials, Ram studies and ecclesiastical semiconductor are 10x, Ass.
The McMae valuation hub is 20x, while the north has a more volatile valuation range of 30x-70x. Compared to ps and v/sale, v/ebitda is vulnerable to short-term profit effects, such as the 100x valuation level of the application material between q3-q4 in 2013.
By comparing the three valuation indicators of pe, ps, v/sale, and v/ebitda, we found that the impact of profits on the valuation level of the semiconductor industry was significant, as were the differences in the valuation of the pe during the long term and maturity periods. The income-led valuation indicators of ps, v/sale were relatively stable, and the valuation levels of the North Chinese and foreign equipment suppliers were comparable, because
We believe that ps, v/sale is a reasonable valuation indicator for semiconductors. For ps, v/sale, because M&As result in a series of volatile debt capital movements, the ps valuation indicator is more stable than for v/sale, so we use the ps method to value semiconductors.
If we use the ps to value the North, we find that the value center of the North is 8x, corresponding to 6.96 ps in 2019, which is about double the value premium space for applied materials, Ram studies, and semiconductor ps, which is similar to the level of the Asmar ps valuation. Overall, the North is slightly higher than the current level of the North Chinese ps valuation than foreign equipment.
2.1 The high growth of the domestic semiconductor equipment market and the rise in the city's share of the beta have brought about a high growth in North China's performance.
In the north, China has been growing at a high rate since 2016, with the 2016-2018 battalion growing at a similar rate of 80%. At the same time, semiconductor equipment was in a downward cycle throughout 2018, with 29%, 19%, 1%, -11% in the first four quarters of 2018.
Research, science semiconductor, and Asma’s growth rates are highly consistent with the semiconductor industry, once again illustrating the logic that global equipment has reached maturity. The main logic behind the high growth in North China’s performance is that domestic semiconductor equipment has high market growth and urban growth rates.
We believe that the technological breakthrough is an approximate event, and that the marginal improvement in national production equipment has been evident in recent years. The share of advanced containment technology in embargoed sales ranged from less than 5% in 2008 to more than 30% in 2017. In the area of led, national production etchings, pvd.
In the area of manufacturing, medium-sized semiconductor self-developed 5 nanometer plasma etching machines, certified by the station's electrical build-up and performed well, will be used as the world's first 5 nanometer-range production line. For North China, 28 na.
Industrialization of the rice integrated circuit process equipment: 14 nm technology integrated circuit process equipment is in the development stage and some equipment has been delivered to clients for process certification. 2.2 Scarcity - product lines are not replicable + customer structure is incomparable + intensive R & D
The position of North China's national team, co-organized by the country's oldest equipment, throughout the semiconductor equipment industry, is extremely scarce, and companies almost cover pvd, cvd, etching machines, ald, oxidizers, etc.
Most of the cores of the front lanes, such as fire-retarders, mfc, washing machines, have non-repelicable product lines and an unparalleled downstream client structure for the international giants.
In the area of semiconductor energy (photovolt), the company’s main client is Lungi, which, since 2015, has grown to be the largest producer of single crystal silicon tablets in the world. In the area of semiconductor lighting (led), the company’s main customer.
In the area of semiconductor displays, the company’s main client is Kyoto East, and Kyoto East is China’s largest panel manufacturer. The global market research agency, ihs, shows that in 2017 the number of screens showing the LCD in Kyoto East was about 25% of the world’s total.
In the third quarter of 2018, five applications, such as the Kyoto smartphone LCD screen, the tablet screen, the pen laptop screen, the monitor screen, and the TV screen, were ranked first globally. In the area of integrated circuits, China’s mainstream manufacturers, such as China Hari International, Yangtze Storage, and Hua Lihualong, were clients.
In terms of the intensity of R & D, companies have earned more than 30 per cent of R & D costs over the last three years, and R & D intensity a share of e-plate number one.
One. If we separate the elemental industry, we can see that semiconductor equipment is more than 50% strong, ranking at the top of a whole stock. By the first half of 2018, a total of 33,331 patents had been patented, of which cumulatively more than 1,500 patents had been granted, and about 1,000 patents had been issued.
2.3 Strategic status — The rate of autonomy of integrated circuits must be raised without delay. China has been the largest consumer of electronics and therefore of the world's semiconductor products. In 2017, China's demand for semiconductors was about $18.92 billion, or 44.1 per cent of the global semiconductor market, but our electricity is integrated.
Road self-sufficiency is low. According to icinsights, Chinese integrated circuit production was only $23.8 billion in 2018, representing only 15.3 per cent of the market in China.
The chip has become the country’s largest import, and it is urgent to address the “China core” problem in order to support development over the next 50 years. The development of the integrated circuit industry has now become a national priority. Of the 16 countries’ major science and technology priorities, 01,02 are dedicated to integrated circuits, and one of the focus areas of 03 is integrated circuits.
According to the report, China’s chip self-sufficiency rate will be 40% in 2020 and 50% in 2025. While the Ministry of Technology and Communications is planning to achieve 70% chip autonomy by 2025. Semiconductor equipment is precisely at the core of the integrated circuit autonomy road. Only by addressing core technologies such as semiconductor equipment and materials can the integration circuit autonomy increase.
It is a rare indicator of a share, and is currently at a high-performance growth stage, while semiconductor equipment is in the upper throat of the semiconductor industry, and the national production replacement space is huge, so that it deserves a certain valuation premium.3 Rewind the true valuation level of the North’s creation
3.1 (Incomes + Advances) Rewinding ps valuations Equipment companies are better suited to revalue the advance payment first. For semiconductor equipment dealers, the two pre-receipt and stock forward indicators are an important reference for the company's future collection projections.
The specifications vary, so semiconductor equipment is not usually manufactured in advance and sold in storage, but is custom-made according to the customer’s needs, receiving a certain percentage of the customer’s advance payment and then producing, with a production cycle ranging from six months to 12 months, while the company strictly controls the inventory based on advance payments.
The pattern of software leasing is that the company's confirmation of revenue does not really respond to the company's ability to get orders from its customers, but rather to the fact that the company's past history has been sold. Second, the country is being correctly valued at an early stage of development, with a very low rate of municipal occupancy, a very large alternative market space for national production, very few competitors in each field, and the industry is in a very fast-growing phase.
Nationally produced semiconductor equipment companies, if they do not account for advance orders received in the current period, is an understatement of the company ' s ability to sell, thus distorting the industry development characteristics of the company. The true ps valuation formula is market value/(income + advance rate* increase in current advance payments).
The advance payments in the north of China showed a significant increase, with companies collecting 2,001 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2018 and up to $1,877 million in advance, an increase of 66 per cent over the 747 million at the beginning of the year, assuming 50 per cent advance for the crystal mill, corresponding to real orders of 1,497 million, reducing the advance to calibre, and 3,598 million in the third quarter of 2018.
The collection of $1 billion and the actual order size of $2 billion will bring the advance recovery to $6.5 billion for 2019, which is five times the current market value of the ps. 3.2 (Profits + R & D costs) Rewinded pe valuation method
Semiconductor equipment companies have higher R & D costs, which are more costly than profit erosion. For North China, because of high-end processes such as front-track etching and plating, R & D costs need to be increased continuously, for example by up to 27% in the first half of North China 2018.
Because of high R & D costs, the net profits of companies are difficult to free in the short term, and the net interest rate for sales is currently less than 10%. The net interest rate for semiconductor equipment, such as applications abroad as Ram studies, science semiconductors, is up to 20%, while the net interest rate for sales of other semiconductors in the country, such as precision electronics, crystallizers, and Hasegawa technology, is up to 20%.
So, we believe that the performance of the current North Chinese conglomerate is “undervalued” and that the real net interest rate should be 15-20%. Adding R&D costs back to the profit line more accurately reflects the long-term profitability of the equipment operator, so the true pe-value formula is market value/(profit + R& D costs*).
The corresponding R & D cost is 900 million yuan, which is estimated at nearly 50 per cent of the rate of costing in 2017, so the real net profit in 2019 is 860 million yuan, which corresponds to the current market value, pe 38 times. 3.3 companies will maintain a relatively stable valuation level in the future.
(1) At present, valuation indicators such as pe and ps from the North are at a low level after asset restructuring. Thus, even though the present valuation level for the North is not very high, there is very little room for future decline. (2) The increase in the share of semiconductor equipment has helped to improve the valuation hub. According to the North, it performed fast in 2018.
According to the paper, the share of the North Chinese electronics facility is 76% and the share of the North electronics facility is as high as 24%. According to Pe, only 25x of the Shin Wan passive device and about 50x of the Shin Wan conductor plate. In the current case, the electrical sub-components are lower than the valuation level of the North Chinese total.
The value is reasonable, when 100% of the revenue from the North is all semiconductor equipment, the company has 20% of the upgrade. In terms of current trends, the share of semiconductor equipment is rising. In terms of the collection structure, 795 million yuan was collected in the first half of 2018, up from 57%, up from 51% in 2017, and 6pp in electronics.
The proportion of components dropped from 34% to 23%, 11pp. In 2018, the number of items of engineering equipment increased by 75% on a year-on-year basis, while the number of pieces of electronics increased by only 3% on a year-on-year basis, so that the share of electronic components decreased further. At the beginning of this year, companies proposed to send an additional 2.1 billion dollars to large funds, mainly for high-end integrated circuit equipment development and industrialization projects.
The high end equipment project is designed to produce 30 pieces of corrosion equipment, 30 pieces of pvd equipment, 15 pieces of fire-retrenchment equipment, 30 units of ald equipment, 30 units of stand-up stove equipment, and 30 units of cleaning equipment. The project is expected to generate an average annual sales income of $2.64 billion after delivery, with an average annual profit of $540 million.
(3) The introduction of the semiconductor is the most “genetic” that will allow the market to re-examine the valuation of the semiconductor industry. The firm’s positioning requirement is to have a relatively advanced core of science and technology, the so-called “hard power” and “hard technology.”
As a result of the reduced weight of profits on valuations, such as household strategies and potential for future development, we believe that the roll-out of the panel would have a stable or even higher value for a semiconductor with a hard weight. Assuming that 1: Downstream customers have a successful expansion of mainstream production lines like Kernel International, Yangtze Storage, and Wally Rainbow, among others.
With a 5% increase in the national production rate of equipment per year in the strategic planning of a mainstream production line, we expect the semiconductor set-up in 2018-2019 to grow at 78% and 43%, respectively, and in 2020, as the “high-end-ic equipment project” began to release capacity gradually, the equipment sales increased at a rate of 45% in 2020. The average of semiconductor equipmentasp was at the same level as in previous years, and the Māori ratio was due to economies of scale and size.
(a) Technology upgrades of 5.63 pp, 2 pp and 0.5 pp, respectively, from 2018 to 2020;
The company, as the only semiconductor equipment manufacturer with a share in the market, has been enjoying a high premium level, driven by the introduction of China Manufacturing 2025 for integrated circuit production with policy support, and the creation of a large fund to fund the integrated circuit industry. We have selected companies in the semiconductor industry from which the company is based as a reference for valuations.
Electronics, crystals, electricity, and pure technology averaged 34.37 times more than the industry in 2019. Consider the continent’s semiconductor infrastructure for the next three years.
The risk of digesting the production capacity of fund-raising investment projects, the risk that fund-raising investment projects will not achieve the expected benefits, the management risks associated with the expansion of the company, the risks of technological upgrading of semiconductor equipment and the cyclical fluctuations in the equipment industry have not been caused, nor will any form of compensation be obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.