Southwest Securities Research and Development Center – Comparison of client structure: North China Trans-ic, Led, lcd, Photovoltaic Four Pan-Cultural Tracks, Medium and Medium
The semiconductor is deep-deep in the fields of ic and led. 1. The North has a wide variety of equipment, downstream in scope, downstream in the areas of semiconductoric, led, lcd, photovoltaic four, e.g., ic-manufacturing middle core international and Yangjiang storage, led-head tri-light and Xian-light power, face-plating in the eastern part of Kyoto, and photovoluntage in the long run.
The base shares, etc., are incredibly unmatched and scarce in the industry. 2-Medium Semiconductor has been dedicated to serving clients in the ic and led fields since its inception, and with its specialized industry depths, not only attracts domestic semiconductor taps such as Centrific International, Yangtze Storage, and Triangular Light Power, whose etchings
The equipment has entered the world’s leading companies, including power generation, sk-Hels, combined electronics, and the Ge-cube. • Financial comparison: both have steadily increased profitability and R & D costs are among the highest in the industry. 1. North China has a slightly higher intake of semiconductor equipment than medium: Micro 2016, 2017 and 2018, respectively 6.1.
9.7 and 1.64 billion yuan, representing 60.4 per cent, 66.4 per cent and 65.1 per cent of the North’s semiconductor equipment, respectively, were collected slightly less than the North’s.2 The North’s net return profit has steadily increased, with a slight reversal of the mid-to-medium deficit to the post-surgent rate.
Both the MSMEs, which account for about 20 per cent and 30 per cent of total asset ratios respectively, fully indicate that downstream orders are adequate.4 The North and MSMEs are technology-intensive enterprises, with R&D revenues exceeding 30 per cent and invention patents exceeding 1,000 in both the last three years.
. ..c. Equipment comparison: North China is a platform-based .c. and medium-sized is a professional .1 The North China .c. equipment is complete and is at the top of the domestic equipment dealership, covering almost all of the .c. manufacturing equipment except for light timers. The medium and micro-focus etching equipment and mocvd equipment have reached 7nm.
The process node became the only national equipment company among the five suppliers of the 7nm cable etching equipment. 2 - In corrosion equipment, the medium- and the medium-specific attack medium etching, and the north-led silicon etching. Since the ic interconnection process moved from aluminium to copper interconnection, medium etching and silicon etching have become two of the most dominant carvings in ic.
The process, which has a 95 per cent share of the city,3 etching equipment accounts for 24 per cent of the value of the entire crystal circle manufacturing equipment and is one of the most critical equipment in the forward-endic manufacturing process, with only 11.41 per cent of corrosion equipment currently produced in the country, and there is a huge national production replacement space for corrosion equipment in the future.
1. Nord-Hong Kong (002371); first, semiconductor equipment, in the case of Nord-Hong Kong (2019-03-14)
$M. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating, taking into account that the company is the leader in the domestic semiconductor equipment industry. Accelerated development of 5 nm and 7 nmic equipment (2019-01-06)
The target is over-expected and will enjoy the two beta's power 6. North China (002371): application of standard materials to explore the rise of national production equipment (2018-06-27).
1 Client structure comparison: North China Creative Transicic, Led, lcd, Photovoltaic Four Big Track, Medium Semiconductor Deep Farmingic vs. Red Field 1.1 Client structure: North China Generating has a wide range of clients and a deep penetration of medium-sized and small clients
The Uttar Pradesh is designed to be equipped with domestic semiconductor high-end processes, and the main camp is equipped with a full range of equipment, covering four core lanes in the field of semiconductor energy (photovoltage), semiconductor lighting (led), semiconductor displays (panel) and semiconductor integrated circuits (ic), with downstream customers being semiconductoric, led, lcd, and photovoltaic four leading companies.
Since its inception, China has focused on serving clients in the fields of ic and led. With advanced production processes and excellent R & D, it has reaped high-quality downstream customer resources in the four main lanes of ic, led, lcd, and photovoltaic, both Chinese and global semiconductor champions, including Lungi shares, and III.
In the semiconductor lighting (led) domain, the triamed led chip production is about 19.72% of the world ' s led production capacity, becoming the absolute dragon of the domestic led manufacturer. In the semiconductor display (panel), the biggest panel manufacturer in China is the Tokyo East, and production and technology are strong.
According to the global market research agency ihs, in 2017, Kyoto’s LCD showed about 25% of the world’s total output, the world’s largest. In the area of semiconductor integrated circuits (ic), China Harbour International and Yangjiang stored as China’s mainstream surrogates, have joined the first echelon of semiconductors in China.
The Chinese semiconductor: unlike the North, the Chinese semiconductor has focused on the areas of ic and led since its inception. As China’s leading supplier of advanced equipment to the global manufacturers of ic and led, it is now part of the domestic semiconductor.
Medium- and semi-conductors attract a large number of high-quality downstream customers, based on their specialized industry depths, mainly Chinese and world-lone companies such as stand-up power, middle-core international, sk-Hulius, combined-power, and triam-light power. One of these is the world’s first crystal-crystal-generation plant, which reaches out to China Electronics and China-Crysing International in the crystal circle.
As a third-largest dram manufacturer, sk Hercules accounts for nearly 30% of the world’s dram market. In the led area, Sam's photo power is at the top of the continent’s manufacturing list, with profits far ahead of other firms of the same type.
The world's giants, which means that, as one of China's central semiconductors, one of China's leading equipment companies, is gradually starting to set up a world semiconductor to prepare for the giants. Figure 2: Comparison of the lower-down-stream applications of North China's Insignia semiconductoric devices.
The combined sales of the top five clients in 2016, 2017 and 2018 were 85.74 per cent, 74.52 per cent and 60.55 per cent of total sales in the current period, compared with the five clients in North China before 2017. The combined sales of the top five clients were only 21.22 per cent of total annual sales.
The difference is mainly due to the wider use of lower-down-stream applications in North China, the higher number of customers, the higher concentration of customers, and the relatively high concentration of households. However, the ratio of sales to the top five clients of the mid- and semi-conductors shows a year-on-year downward trend.
The company was established on 31 May 2004 and was the first to invest in a major national fund. The company was established in May 2004 at a time when the demand for metal etchings was rapidly shrinking at a time when the process was moving from aluminium to copper interconnection.
Since its inception, the public domain has been a mature supplier of medium etching equipment, silicon perforation equipment, mocvd equipment, and products have successfully entered the supply chain of important customers, both within and outside the country. Its intermediate etching equipment, silicon perforation equipment cover the semiconductor.
Mocvd equipment is mainly used in the area of led. The mocvd equipment developed by the company itself has been used and accepted by a number of leading producers of led.
In December 2007, the company entered the semiconductor capital market using a combination of advanced process tools, providing leading process tools for 65/45 nm nodes and higher nodes, and in July 2011 launched the Primoad-rie tool, which applies to key process requirements of 22 nm and above, to become the most capital-efficient cash etching tool on the market.
In April 2013, the company developed a high-level medium corrosion machine (primo scad-rie), which was approved by a leading Korean semiconductor manufacturer in less than a year.
In May 2015, the company’s advanced etching tool was used for 3dv-nand flash storage, and scad-rie was used for key etching applications that handled low to 1xnm nodes. Equity structures were fragmented, and the country’s major funds were held in stock.
Small and medium-sized semiconductor shares are fragmented and not physically controlled, with Shanghai Entrepreneurship Investment Ltd. holding the largest share, 20.02%, followed by investment, with 19.39%, and investments held 100% by the State Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Foundation and Gold Co. Ltd. as the first company to invest in a large fund.
From the crisis of litigation, self-research capabilities have been recognized by the industry as the country's first manufacturer of semiconductor equipment involved in media etching, with a medium semiconductor on the path to autonomous development.
First of all, in the area of corrosion equipment, companies have faced numerous litigations with their counterparts. In 2007, when the semiconductor's carburetor was about to enter the world's most advanced crystal-crystal generation production line, known semiconductor equipment companies applied materials to the U.S. federal courts for the suspicion that they had stolen their core technology and materials.
China has proven itself innocent and the two sides have reached a settlement. The wind waves are still alive. In January 2009, the membrane semiconductor received the first patent infringement action brought since the other large-scale device, the Ramresearch semiconductor, which focused on the Himalina semiconductor's allegation that the microproduction of the Primod-rieTM medium had damaged the panforest semiconductor in Taiwan.
Patent 136,706 (Purpose Seal Ring patent), which has been the subject of four lawsuits. Taiwan's Wisdom and Property Court has ruled the Bain Forest semiconductor's allegations of mid-mitigation null and void, suggesting that, through self-innovation, the middle- and half-conductor has developed its technical capabilities in the field of led manufacturing core equipment, mocvd, which has been developed autonomously and has developed over more than a decade.
In April 2017, Veeco's federal court in the Eastern District of New York filed a patent infringement suit against Sgl, the supplier of the intermediate semiconductor mocvd device (i.e., the graphite disk), for the prohibition of sgl's supply to the medium semiconductor and compensation for massive losses.
On 9 February 2018, Veeco, the Middle Halfconductor and the Sgl jointly announced their agreement to open the pending proceedings between the three parties.
Reconciliation and amicable resolution of all outstanding disputes, in which the middle- and middle-level litigation of industry giants is based on arguments and strategic advances that reflect the company ' s enhanced ability to deal with intellectual property claims and its ability to build on its original technology.
1.3 The North has four main areas of power, and in March 2010 it was equipped by the Beijing Seven Stars, China Electronics, Inc., and the Beijing North Microelectronics Base.