The promotion strategy contributes to income growth, with significant exposures in vulnerable regions - the seafood industry (603288) was evaluated in the first quarter of 2020. The company issued a report in the first quarter of 2020. During the reporting period, the company achieved a revenue of $5,884 million, or 7.17 per cent, compared to 7.17 per cent.
The net profit of the mother is $1.613 billion, compared to +9.17 per cent.
20q1 achieved revenue of $5.884 billion, compared to 7.17 per cent, and a net return profit of $1.613 billion, compared to +9.17 per cent. Refunds were higher than +15.3 per cent, which was faster than income. Overall, the positive growth in corporate o1 income was difficult to achieve against the background of a 60-per-cent dietary route hit by the epidemic.
The combination of discount promotions for catering channels, ka/bc, distribution channels matching the distribution channels, and the rapid development of a network of stimulus channels has stimulated the channels to increase their proactive and inventory movements. For example, by-products, the three major varieties received +4.9% of the same, and the expansion and sinking rapid advance, with the central and western regions increasing their overall revenues significantly in 2001 and the central region in 2001.
At the end of 20q1, the total number of company distributors reached 6107 by the end of 20q1, a net increase from the end of 19 to 301, with a net increase of 89/43 in the central and western regions, respectively, projected to be mainly blank areas.
A fast-track expansion is being implemented: 77 northern regional distributors with the largest and slowest growth in corporate sales, judged to be more sophisticated and sophisticated in mature regional channels. Improved Māori rates and sales cost rates show strong cost and cost-control capabilities in the long term.
\triangleright down; net interest rate: 20q1 net interest rate of 27.43%, year-on-year + 0.52pt, mainly due to a drop in sales cost, 20q1 sales cost of the same year-1.4pt, and we judge the decline in sales cost rate with the dealer's own reference
The increase in the proportion is associated with a decrease in transport costs, while we judge that the company’s air spending has declined and partly shifted. The company’s ability to regulate costs and costs has been strong, as it has continued to improve its Māori and marketing rates against the backdrop of increased efforts to convert 2001 and promote the costs.
The implementation of short-term aggressive marketing practices is expected to have an impact on the outbreak; the long-term is still worthy of note: the cost is focused on March-May, the premise of all sales tasks, the continuous digestion of the demand side after the resumption of catering, and in this context, the firmness of the company ' s future performance and the continued release of the company ' s performance.
A smart 2.2 million tons of spice expansion project was launched in late 2017, with a total expansion of 2.2 million tons (of which the seafood industry (603288), 19-year-old report rating: 1.5 million tons of oil, 300,000 tons of sauce, 400,000 tons of composite spices, and nearly doubling the capacity of new soy sauce production,
An increase of 400,000 tons per year in high-intensity capacity began in 20 years, while a projected 200,000 tons increase in the natural capacity of Jiangsu Sea was projected, and the release of capacity set the tone for sustained growth in the “3 by 5” programme that began in 19; 2. Product end: Continued Focus on Soy sauce, aphid oil, fragrance 2. Seafood industry (603288): M&A
The three main categories of sauce, which pushes the structure of the sauce to upgrade, makes the volume of the aphid oil, emphasizes the new market culture of the sauce, and, at the same time, the next step, the expansion of the miniatures continues to advance the development and cultivation of new products, such as heavy vinegar, wine and so on, and to continue to strengthen the supply of milk, vinegar, sesame oil (with the purchase of a plaque).
The Division expects the valuation to be slightly higher than the overall projected valuation level of the plate. Taking into account the company’s capacity, products, and channels,
The impact of the epidemic is over-expected, consumption is not rising as expected, prices of upstream raw materials are abnormally rising, and food security risks are high. Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, Master of Arts, etc. Entered the securities industry in 2011, and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Private Securities.
Xuyang, research assistant in the food and beverages industry, and Master of Financial Sciences, joined civil securities in 2018. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial, and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.