The weather industry, which is experiencing the effects of the epidemic, has slowed short-term income growth, and there is still pressure throughout the year to publish the 2020 quarterly report. Companies have achieved operating income of $5.88 billion, or 7.2 per cent of the year;
The net return to the mother is 1.61 billion yuan (+9.2% of the year) and 1.57 billion yuan (+12.5% of the year) is deducted from the net return to the mother. Performance under the epidemic is slightly lower than market expectations.
Since the beginning of the year, a new coronary outbreak has hit the catering industry hard, with the sea sky serving as a connoisseur for the 2020 season and the seafood industry reporting a 60-70 per cent share of the catering industry, and the fall in end demand has resulted in corporate performance, so the whole season is under pressure.
A 94% increase over the same period. A quarterly increase in revenue + in revenue received in advance is 18-19% over the same period, and a similar increase in the average q1 in previous years indicates that dealers make payments at the normal pace, but not in time, and the epidemic has a greater impact on end sales. We expect corporate income pressure to continue through the second quarter, three or four quarters.
The amount of soy sauce and aphid oil is falling rapidly, and regional variations are evident. (1) For subproducts, the flavour sauce used at the end of the household has slowed slightly, but soy sauce at the end of the restaurant has declined, as well as acetamium, which grew at a high rate in 19 years.
Faster: 1q20 soy sauces increased by 5.8 per cent in the same year, a decrease of 8.9 pct in the same year; argon oils increased by 4.2 per cent in the same year. In the field, the difference is clear: the relatively mature regions of the east, south and north grew at a slower rate than average and the points of increase were the most significant net increases in the Ministry and the northern regions.
The Māori rate remains the same, with a strong control capacity, and sales costs are expected to increase slightly throughout the year. The Māori rate of 1q20 is 2.4 per cent compared to 0.1 pct; the total decrease is 1.4 pct. The sales cost rate is down, I am 0.5 pct, and I have increased profitability.
Companies respond quickly to the epidemic, supporting the mobilization of distributors through increased channels. Meanwhile, at the beginning of the year, the petrel estates acquired could increase their consumption oils and rapidly boost their sales earnings. Twenty-one years of the epidemic’s impact has slowed, and sales costs are expected to be effectively controlled. So we maintain a 20-year profit forecast that is small.
The 19-year-old seafood industry reported a low-than-expected rate of revenue, sales fees, high fluctuations in raw material costs, increased competition in the industry, and a slow recovery in the impact of the epidemic on the catering industry.
Controls to offset the decline in the Māori rate, net interest rates continue to be raised.
Food drinks: food processing, beaucoup, beaucoup, beaucoup.