Sea weather (603288.sh) 26/04/20 Investment rating: increase (maintain)
We maintain a profitable pre-food channel that affects the objective existence, and companies actively adjust to the surplus.
The epidemic has led to a sharp reduction in the demand for food channels, with more than 50% of the seafood channels taking on greater pressure. To this end, the company has been actively adjusting its efforts to increase investment in such areas as supermarkets, electricity suppliers, community groups, etc., and, on the other hand, to give more concessions to catering distributors in order to enhance their market share.
It is a combination of promotions that benefit from the old and new products. The process of refining the company's channels continues, increasing the number of distributors to 617. The advance payment of 2020q1 increased by 94 per cent on a year-on-year basis, leaving a surplus for second-quarter performance.
The ratio of Māori in 2020q1 is equal, and it is estimated that the positive contribution of structural upgrading (increased demand for household channels and better performance of high end products) will be offset by negative factors such as a slight increase in costs and a change of technology input. The cost of sales will fall by 1.4 pct, mainly because channel costs will be under-spent during the epidemic.
"The company's first report on coverage - steady progress - the strong, the seafood industry seizes opportunities during the recovery of the epidemic and gives greater incentives as a means to strengthen its efforts.
Strength - 2020.4.23 Further strengthens competitive advantage and boosts market share. Constrained meals are still not fully recovered, and stocks of catering channels are at a high level. We believe that the long-term expansion of the market is dangerous, laying a solid foundation for future long-term development.
The seafood industry should have a longer-term perspective, and the growing market advantage will drive high-quality business development.