Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
(i) First, the negative growth in the impact of the epidemic, with both income and profit increases exceeding expectations, affected the supply and demand of the epidemic during the first quarter of the year, particularly the catering channel in February/March.
The damage was more severe and household consumption increased somewhat to compensate for some of the losses. Overall, income grew by 7.17 per cent in a quarter and profit increased by 9.17 per cent, which exceeded market expectations. Total market value/flow (million yuan)
Channels play an important role in steady growth, with a sharp drop in hernia oil and a drop in online channels. The distribution network continued to expand in the first quarter of the 12-month period, with 301 new distributors, bringing the total to 6107.
Seafood Industry (603288) The Year's Review of the Sea Weather Industry: Income from regional markets in the East, South, Central, North and West regions changed over the reporting period by +1.21 per cent, net profits were slightly higher than expected, and the “3 by 5” plan was well under way
Focus, the epidemic has affected the reverse growth in income; the east has remained strong, the north has fallen back, the sea weather industry (603288) The sea weather industry: robust performance, clear strategy, and a vision for a three-fifth plan.
The seafood industry (603288), the three-quarterly report on sea weather: a higher rate of income growth and a higher rate of collection than in the same period last year, is 6.17 pct. At the end of the reporting period, the pre-receipt performance ratio improved, cash flow recovered in line with expectations.
Two hundred and fifty-four million yuan (contractual liability) and 1.584 billion yuan less around the ring, compared to the same period last year, the company's response to the epidemic and some of the policies directed at distributors and distributors, in combination with grass-roots research and advance payments, played a role. On the one hand, active assistance was provided to distributors,
(b) On the other hand, helping distributors to solve financial difficulties, reduce the cost of financing, and increase the confidence of distributors. Thus, with a modest load of goods to ensure a smooth growth in income and profits, the stock should be kept in place.
Still within reasonable limits, advance payments have increased on a year-on-year basis, and the impact of the epidemic is expected to make a smooth transition.
Other categories: 2, corporate purchasing and cost-control advantages continue to play a role. The outlook for the year, affected by the epidemic, increases uncertainty about the price of raw materials and other production materials, and the overall trend is still prognostic.
The reasons include: (a) reduced freight costs as a result of such factors as: (b) an increase in the availability of high-quality resources through the use of brand influence and improved effectiveness of advertising; and (c) the loss of some off-line activities during the third and first quarter of the epidemic, resulting in savings on off-line costs.
In the light of the planning of the 2020 cost budget and the trend towards improved cost-effectiveness, it is expected that promotion costs may increase slightly throughout the year, but that overall sales costs should increase less than income, and sales costs should be lower.
In the face of the epidemic and market concerns, the company’s business goals are not reduced, and there are sufficient targets.
Taking advantage of the face-to-face advantages of business size, products, channels, and brands, responding positively to adverse situations, quickly restoring channels and market confidence, demonstrating a strong resilience to risk and a robust ability to operate. One quarter’s counter-optimal rise over expectations, underpinned by sea-floor air and confidence, is also the realization of the advantage.
Distributors work together to complete smooth stocking, market network expansion, and business indicators do not fall back and forth. The powerful branding power and control of channels at sea also show stable and good business relationships.
Small brand channels are squeezing, and it is expected that, when sales begin to improve in the second half of the year, both the channel power and the product market will rise considerably.
Asterix oil growth target of 15% +, further expansion of the development and creation of the first brand image of seafood oil: a 10% + growth recovery of the sauce, and a multi-product development of the sauce through growth of the core soy sauce. Considering structural upgrading and product price space, we judge the mission’s objectives and the “3 by 5” goals throughout the year.
The seafood industry reports a quarterly review of the increase in expectations and brand power channels that highlight the continued expansion of the seafood industry through its distinctive advantages of brands, channels, types of goods and size.
The company will continue to sustain sustained and robust growth in the future, and the “3 by 5” plan is expected to be successfully achieved, taking into account the benefits of a concentrated uplift dividend, a consumer upscaling dividend, a scale dividend, and a management dividend. Consider continued steady growth in performance and a champion valuation premium, taking into account a rebound in peripheral markets,
Foreign investment is also increasing the trend towards consumption of a share. According to the 2020 ps, 60 times the ps, 9 North North Street in Beijing City West Side, and the d-way to the Huayun Enterprise.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report