q1 advance increases in savings, and the year-round goal is no different: companies publish a quarterly report for 2020q1, q1 yields $5,884 million, an increase of 7.17 per cent over the same period, attributable to a slowdown in revenue from the impact of the epidemic on q1, but higher advance receipts.
The same-year growth in the income of o1, which we believe is mainly due to the impact of the epidemic on the catering industry, the closure of shops, which hinders the distribution of meals (floating + catering 50-60%), but higher consumption at the end of the household (30-40%). At the same time, delays in logistics have led to firm revenues for distribution to distributors.
Full resumption of work, catering and logistics transport is expected to resume gradually, and advance payments are expected to shift better in o2 and the income end is expected to recover faster. By category, soy sauce/sale oil/fine is expected to grow faster than overall income, and small items such as alcohol and vinegar are expected to increase faster.
At the end of the period, there was a net increase of 301 to 6107 national distributors, of which 89 in the centre and 43 in the west, and a rapid expansion of distribution channels.
Revenue growth provides the impetus; a net increase of 77 in the north, with more sophisticated and mature market channels; a stable level of profitability, good cash flow for business q1 Māori, 45.8 per cent, is almost the same as in the same period last year.q1 Company sales/management/
Cost-side soybean prices are higher, but firm-scale effects have a relative purchasing advantage, and the product structure is steadily optimized and cost-effectively reduced, maintaining a high level of profitability.
The q1 net interest rate is 27.4%, a small 0.5pc increase over the same period. The company’s net cash flow from current activities is $414 million, an increase of 68.102%, mainly from the cash received in advance for the sale of goods, which was higher than during the same period last year, and from the cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of services during the current period.
This is $5.13 billion, an increase of 15 per cent over the previous year, exceeding the growth rate of the harvest.
The q2 pipeline inventory is expected to be deconstructed as the production end company has now fully recommenced and the actual production and delivery of goods has returned to normal in late February.
Front level: Second, sales end companies have introduced a policy of market-oriented marketing for different types of goods, channels, markets, pushing and combining and seizing market opportunities; third, channel end companies have a wide and mature network of distributors, helping them with policies such as promotion and financial support.
Together, the fourth is an epidemic or an acceleration of industrial concentration, with companies expected to take back market shares by virtue of such advantages as management models, distribution channels, product technology, and brand names. The q1 epidemic affected the company’s revenue growth rate, but the higher advance receipts provided a quick boost to future income recovery.
On the other hand, it is hoped that the impact of the epidemic on the supply side will accelerate the concentration of market shares, and that the company will not change the author's qualifications in portfolio investment advice or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and to ensure that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, that the author's research views are clearly and accurately reflected, and that any conclusions are not in any third position.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.