Reported reasons: A Quarterly Review
Overall performance was robust and the regional growth rate differentiated. Quarterly reports were disclosed on the evening of 24 April, with companies achieving operating income of $5,884 million in the first quarter of 2020, an increase of 7.17 per cent over the same period; net profits of $1,613 million, an increase of 9.17 per cent over the same period; and per share gain.
The growth rate of the three main groups of goods has been smooth and regional growth has been divided. The company achieved operating revenues of $5,884 million in the first quarter of 2020, an increase of 7.17 per cent in the same year, and the return to the mother net profit of $1,613 million, an increase of 9.17 per cent in the same year.
Billion, +156%; 2) Sub-channels, in the first quarter of 2020, revenue under the main lines of the pipeline, cost control, and profit-making capacity gradually increased. The net interest rate on corporate sales in the first quarter of 2020 was 17.43%, an increase of 0.52 pt, mainly due to cost control, leading to sales.
Increase by 0.04 pct; 10.62% cost during company sales, 1.44 pcc, \triangleright and flannel
Planning income/profits increases by 15%, 18%. Although the epidemic hits the catering, tourism, and so on, companies are also affected by the effects of their role as conservants, companies have taken a number of positive measures to minimize the negative impact of the epidemic and ensure that the business as a whole is run over the year.
In the wake of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, the catering channel is under pressure, but the company continues to emphasize 2020.
At the same time, the company continues to scale up the capacity of its production base and will continue to do so in the future.
Shanxi Securities Company Ltd., which plans to open multi-site production bases, can release more than 1 million tons of spice production capacity again, depending on the actual sales, and develop protected escorts for the "3 by 5" project.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, and I will not.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.