The seafood industry (603288) food and beverages perform with great stability and long-term development without fear, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: The company published a quarterly report in 2020, which generated operating income of $5.88 billion, an increase of 7 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $1.61 billion, an increase of 9 per cent.
The three core products, namely, soy sauce, ale oil, and sauce, each generated operating revenues of $3.48 billion (+6 per cent) and 960 million were affected by logistics, down 17 per cent from the same time.3 For the subregion, the potential for market growth in the central and western parts of the country has been further exploited in the east, the south, the centre, the north, and the west.
At the commercial level, by the end of the first quarter of 2020, there were 6107 distributors, representing a net increase of 301, and companies increased their layout and precision of mature markets. • Māori rates were the same as last year, with lower cost rates and higher net interest rates.
45.8 per cent, which is almost the same as last year ' s period, increased the prices of white sugar and soybeans in 2020, and the costs of corporate-wide purchases were on the upswing, but the company, as a culinary leader, had significant advantages and cost controls and was expected to have a stable Māori rate throughout the year.
In the long run, companies have a strong network of national channels, excellent brands, and excellent managerial capabilities based on three core products: soy sauce, aphid oil, and spice sauce.
Growing new and emerging products, fast-tracking catering channels, speeding up the network of channels, pushing marketing networks up, and we firmly value the company’s core competitiveness in terms of channels, products, brands. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
Sea weather industry (603288): Core products are growing at a robust rate and cost is tight enough to raise net interest rates (2019-10-31) Sea weather industry (603288): high barriers are building up growth.
4. Sea weather industry (603288): growth is robust and Fentine has not been, has not been, will not be, and will not receive any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.