Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Center Short-term income pressure, long-term industrial competitiveness Companies publish a quarterly report, yielding operating income of $5,884 million, compared to 7.17 per cent; net return to the mother
With the short-term pressure on revenues affected by the epidemic, it is expected to increase the city ' s share in the long term: corporate q1 revenue growth by 7.17 per cent, in the face of the impact of the epidemic, particularly its impact on catering channels.
Companies are actively responding to changes in market demand and industry patterns by restructuring their products, maintaining distributor relationships, and looking for a blank market. Meanwhile, by the end of the quarter, companies still had a contract liability of $2,514 million undistributed, representing an increase of 94 per cent over the same period, followed by market demand.
The old boom and the company ' s early targeting of distributors ' needs and capital helped companies to take advantage of the opportunities to upgrade dealers ' high growth in small products and accelerated coverage in vulnerable regions: three core categories of corporate income, three core sauces, 1. Sustained steady growth, accelerating the expansion of the leading advantage -
The impact of the epidemic on the demand for food-destroyed foods has also slowed corporate income from core products, but the combined contribution of other products of the company has been $415 million, a year-on-year increase of +15.6 per cent, and the company is expected to take advantage of the opportunity to increase the coverage of small products in the commercial super-channels.
Sales. Subregionally, the east (+1.2 per cent), the south (-8.9 per cent) and the north (+4.1 per cent) are growing at a faster rate than expected - Seatime Trade Point Assessment Report, 2020.1.2 below average, mainly due to market penetration and catering channels in mature regions, which are relatively high in the centre.
3. “Sustaining robust performance, consolidating the vanguard advantage - Seaday Mäori rate is largely flat + falling sales cost rate, contributing net interest rate is rising on a par: company q1 Mäori rate 4. “Performance meets expectations and the vanguard advantage continues to deepen -
The effect is putting pressure on the price increases in raw materials such as soybeans at the end of the cost. Company q1 sales cost and management 5. Sustained steady growth, high net interest rate innovation-sea weather cost rates are 1.41 and 0.06 pct lower, respectively, than the same period last year, with projected lower terminal costs and lower freight costs.
The decline in the share has led to a marked decline in the cost of sales. Overall, the net profit on corporate q1 return has increased by 9.17% over the same period; the corresponding net interest rate of 27.41%, an increase of 0.5 pct over the same year, the epidemic’s leading goal of steady and steady growth during the epidemic, accelerating the expansion of the lead: we believe the epidemic is still short-term.
We appreciate the fact that the epidemic has increased the capacity of the sector to deal with systemic risks in a comprehensive manner, and has accelerated the concentration of the sector. We see long-term interest in companies using listed platforms to optimize resource allocation in an endogenous and expansive manner, to enrich the product structure, and to further strengthen corporate barriers to competition while increasing market ownership.
Liu Xingxing, the impact of the epidemic on over-expected events, changing prices of raw materials, food safety issues.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market