CMB INTERNATIONAL
行 全
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Zhejiang Jingsheng (300316 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Solid growth of solar equipment; SiC gaining traction
Target Price
RMB93.00
(Previous TP
RMB 112.00)
While the recent expansion of solar wafer capacity in China will likely take the
Up/Downside
+46%
nameplate capacity to >500GW by end-2022E, we expect major wafer makers'
Current Price
RMB63.38
continuous transformation to large-size wafer will boost the replacement demand,
China Capital Goods
which offers further growth opportunity for Jingsheng. Besides, the war in Ukraine
will likely trigger more EU countries to reduce the reliance on Russian gas and
switch to other energy source such as solar, which will offer potential upside for
Wayne Fung, CFA
Chinese solar product export. On the other hand, the breakthrough on SiC will
serve as new growth engine for Jingsheng starting this year. We slightly revise
up our 2022E-23E earnings forecast by 2%. That said, we lower our TP to RMB93,
due to a discount to reflect the dilution from the upcoming placement.
Stock Data
■ Transformation to large-size wafer underway. According to PvInfoLink, the
percentage of large-size wafer output (210 & 180mm) increased from only 5%
in 2020 to 43% in 2021E (the industry as a whole). The percentage is expected
to further increase to 80% in 2022E and further to >90% in 2023E. We
estimate >100GW of old capacity will be potentially phased out during this
Shareholding Structure
transformation period, suggesting a lower effective capacity (versus the
nameplate capacity of 500GW by end-2022E). We expect Jingsheng's major
clients, such as Zhonghuan (002129 CH), JA Solar (002459 CH) and Jinko
(JKS US) will continue to boost large-size wafer capacity in 2022E.
Source: Company data
Breakthrough on SiC. Silicon carbide (SiC) is the third-generation
Share Performance
semiconductor material. Key advantages include reduced switching loss,
higher power density, better heat dissipation and increased bandwidth
capability. Demand comes from electronic device with downstream industries
covering smart grid, NEV and solar power. Wolfspeed (WOLF US), the world
Source: Bloomberg
largest SiC wafer maker, expects the SiC material market size will grow from
12-mth Price Performance
US$700mn in 2022E to US$1.7bn in 2026E. After years of research and
development, Jingsheng successfully won a contract in Feb from a client to
deliver at least 230k pieces of SiC substrate in 2022E-25E. We estimate
annual revenue contribution of 2%.
Maintain BUY. We trimmed our TP to RMB93 from RMB112, based on 45x
2022E P/E. We applied a 20% discount to our previous target P/E of 56x (1SD
above historical average), as we expect Jingsheng is likely to complete the
share placement this year (max: 20% of enlarged share capital).
Source: Bloomberg
■ Risks: 1) Weaker-than-expected solar power capacity expansion; 2) lower-
than-expected gross margin; (3) risk of semiconductor business expansion.
Auditor: Pan-China CPA
Earnings Summary
Related Reports
Zhejiang Jingsheng (300316 CH,
BUY) – Mega order intake to boost
earnings in 2022E-23E; Raising
earnings forecast and TP - 1 Sep
Zhejiang Jingsheng (300316 CH,
BUY) - Acquisition to help tap into
Zhejiang Jingsheng (300316 CH,
BUY) Robust solar capex;
Earnings & TP revised up – 2 Jul
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: CPIA, CMBIGM estimates
Source: PVInforLink, CMBIGM
Source: PVInfoLink, CMBIGM
Source: PVInforLink, CMBIGM estimates
Source: PVInforLink, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, news reports, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Note: Jingsheng preannounced in Jan that net profit in 2021E is expected to be RMB1.58-1.84bn.
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM does
not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors
to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM or its
affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or
enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss,
damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information
contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIGM
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides the information,
advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other publications having information
and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make
investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf
of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in
this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIGM will not assume
any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or
published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign
entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed
in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of
Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.