As a major application of artificial intelligence, China's A.I.V. technology has come to maturity at 98 per cent correct, fully meeting the landing conditions: I.R.S. data show China's voice market in 2018.
With a total of 38.1 billion yuan, the market is expected to reach 70 billion yuan by 2020; growth is also on the rise; and there is a great prospect of an industrially intelligent voice landing.
The main business of the Section is the integration of smart voice and language technology research, software and chip product development, voice information services and e-government systems to provide smart applications to businesses, governments and individuals.
Consumer applications, smart cities, educational products and services, politics, automobiles, smart services, the core competitiveness of companies are leading scientific research results and a deep customer base. Corporate research expenditure as a percentage of business income reached 29.43 per cent in the first half of 2019.
At the same time, the share of R & D personnel in the total workforce has remained stable at over 60%. Companies with high input are well advanced internationally. On the other hand, companies have accumulated a large number of authoritative firms, institutions, or government-sector clients, with higher quality credit: corporate product coverage.
There is a wide range of clients, considerable institutional coverage in some industries, and the business of C-side personal users, consumers, and customer advantage is rising. Based on the high investment in R&D innovation and the apparent client advantage, companies can grow in the future.
The market values the science and technology unit less tolerant. Technological innovation. The science and technology flight line is divided into open platforms and other operations such as consumer business, smart city, education, law and order business, car industry, smart services, and we split and forecast them according to business:
Nearly 33.53% of corporate revenue comes from open platforms and consumer business, which is one of the company’s core businesses. Given the size of the company’s active users in 2019, we expect that revenue growth will remain stable. Smart city business is a business area that companies are fully engaged in, and an important growth point for future collections.
In terms of urban transport, we've been able to build urban hyperbrain platforms, and we expect the business to have a steady increase in revenue over the next three years.
Automobile operations have increased as the demand for the car-networking industry has increased, with companies working together on more than 90 new car-type projects in 2018, with great prospects for future vehicle-borne smart terminals. We expect revenue to grow at a high rate over the next three years. Smart services are the preferred business that companies continue to focus on, and companies will further consolidate in finance and operations in the future.
Business, medicine, home, etc., continues to provide high-quality artificial intelligence systems and solutions. I am different from the general public.
The “platform + track” model of active technology deployment further opens up markets and develops enterprise, institutional and government clients for the various major track areas, while focusing on individual users, enabling technology to operate smoothly and contribute to the sustainable and stable development of companies.
The market is less tolerant to the valuation of the science and technology unit. Technological innovation. (i) Size: Artificial intelligent speech recognition is mature and promising.
At present, the global market for artificial intelligence is growing on the basis of technological advances, with countries with the largest global distribution of artificial intelligence enterprises projected to reach 2020, with 41 per cent of the world ' s AI enterprises, followed by China with 22 per cent of the AI enterprises, and China ' s AI enterprise development is on the rise globally.
With the second largest number of artificial intelligence enterprises in the world, China’s artificial intelligence market size and growth rates are rising. According to IR consultants, the market size reached $38.1 billion in 2018 and is expected to reach 700 in 2020.
(2019-2035) and maturity (2035 years later). The nurturing period of artificial intelligence focuses on cloud computing, large numbers, developed, predictive analysis, 5g, etc.: the climb period focuses on basic applications such as brain chips, margin computing, machine vision, intelligence, speech synonyms, knowledge mapping, etc., and the pre-emerging application will be ready.
In China, artificial intelligence is on the rise, with a large number of industries and enterprises focusing on basic applications such as machine visualization, speech recognition, and the gradual realization of technology on the basis of research and development.
The basic applications of artificial intelligence enterprises in China are distributed mainly in four broad categories: machine vision, speech recognition, natural language processing, and basic hardware, of which machine vision and speech recognition are the first two distribution areas, accounting for 68% of the total. Thus, future technological developments and technologies in machine visual and speech recognition will be the main directions in China’s artificial intelligence development.
In 2018, the global market for artificial voice applications reached $14.1 billion, and by 2024, the global market for smart voice would reach $22.7 billion. From 2017 to 2018, the world-wide smart voice market was dominated and concentrated by technology giants, leading by technology giants such as Nuance, Google, Apple and others.
In total, the top five cities accounted for 88% of the total; among them, China’s smart voice research and development firms, which accounted for the fifth largest share of the world’s total, 4.2%, still have much room for growth. The market for artificial voice applications in China is also growing at a high rate, reaching 15,97 billion yuan in 2018, according to the previous version.
In 2019, the Institute of Research for the Visualization of Industry estimated the size of China’s smart voice market to be 20 billion yuan, with an average annual compound growth rate of 34.32% over the next five years (2019-2023), and projected to reach 66.4 billion yuan in 2023. In terms of market structure, the Chinese smart voice market in the second half of 2018, according to idc statistics.
In the first place, the city has a larger 11.9% advantage, followed by smart voice applications, such as Thorsi, I machine, etc. The size of the market for artificial voice applications in China
As intelligent voice technology continues to evolve, intelligent voice maturity gradually increases, laying a good foundation for its applications. In line with the technological maturity of visual counselling, the application-level technology achieves landing markers for smart voice, which are defined as more than 97% for speech recognition, or 90% for smart session intent.
As technology advances, domestic smart voice producers are breaking accuracy records and updating accuracy ceilings. In June 2018, Alibaba launched a new generation of voice recognition models, dfsmn, raising the global voice recognition accuracy record to 96.04%; in October 2018, the cloud released a new technology-based pyramidal-fsmn.
Voice recognition model, raising the global voice recognition accuracy record to 97.03%; and Science News Flight announced in 2018 that 98% voice recognition accuracy would be achieved under its flag. This suggests that China's smart voice application technology has fully met landing standards, applications have been fully supported by technology, and smart voice applications have fallen to the ground.
Some of the existing smart voice applications involve smart phones, vehicles, homes, wearable devices, government, education, medical devices, etc., with users at the b, g, and c ends. In each segment, the services that smart voice can provide vary according to the characteristics of the field and also appear in their respective areas.
In recent years, smart voice head manufacturers around the world have fully developed their voice applications in smart phones and computers, and have created global-famous voice interaction products such as apple siri, Microsoft Cortana, the Aui platform flying on science majors, Ali Baba's little honey, etc.
(ii) Industrial chains: A.I. Basic A.A. Technology providers are the core force The A.I. Industrial chains are divided into upstream, midstream and downstream, or base layers and techniques according to the underlying technical logic of the application
Layers and applications. Upstream in the industrial chain is the base layer, represented by core device producers such as chips, sensors, etc., which provides fundamental hardware and theoretical safeguards for the realization of artificial intelligence. Products include, inter alia, the ai chip (microprocessor) and the in-depth learning algorithm. The advances in microprocessors such as the ai chip and the establishment of the in-depth learning algorithm are:
Ai problem solving supports computing needs. In the industrial chain, it is the technological layer, which is largely based on visual, speech processing, etc. Applications providers: based on the support of the foundation layer, technology manufacturers have devised generic solutions to a certain category of problems that require human brain resolution, including intelligent voice, computer vision, natural language processing and other types of adults.
The process of brain function. The application layer is below the industry chain, based on the ability of the technology layer to solve real-life problems, i.e., the location of the application. Applications in a given area may be applied to technological layers of multiple dimensions, such as the education industry, which will need smart voice, computer vision, natural language processing techniques; the same thing.
At the end of the industrial chain, applications are used by consumers of products, including commercial, government and individual consumers, who purchase and use artificial intelligence applications to support their offices, as well as other applications, such as computer visuals, which can be widely applied to multiple dimensions of finance, security, medical care, transportation, education, etc.
The technological layer empowers artificial intelligence products, such as visualization, and speech, speech, and so on. By its technical classification, the technological layer is divided into four major types of processing: computer visualization, smart speech, natural language processing, and other types of processing.
Further graphic processing to make images more suitable for visual observation or transmission to instrument detection, the main applications are image recognition; intelligent speech is speech recognition, and natural language processing is a way for computers to understand the meaning of natural language text and express given intentions and ideas in natural language text, and therefore combine the two main applications.
It's human voice interaction: other types of technology processing are based on artificial intelligence algorithms that design specific types of problems and use computers to solve them intelligently, such as chess alphago, smart gamer alphastar, etc. Technology and solution providers have a strong R & D capability, not only in the highlands of technology development, but also in the highlands of technology development.
Financial and data barriers are gradually being built in the development process. At the same time, middle- and middle-stream artificial intelligence technologies are the key to linking the industry up and down, exporting technology to the downstream application at the same time as the upstream microprocessors and algorithms to develop applications and achieve landings, so basic application technology providers are the core force in the chain of artificial intelligence industries.
With the maturity of technology and the support of national policies, technology-level providers will increasingly focus on applications as they update R & D. Technology-level providers themselves have a reputation for the core technology and industry of autonomous R & D, which, with their own financial and technological advantages, can directly access downstream demand orders in a number of larger and profitable areas.
As a platform + track model, it is expected that in the future, the integration of the technological and application layers will be a major development direction, and that the application of artificial intelligence will create a greater market for integrated services by technology providers. (iii) Impact factors: high demand in the field of landing and national policy support
The growth of demand in the field of landing has greatly boosted the market for basic technologies for artificial intelligence applications, such as speech recognition. Basic technologies are available in such areas as finance, security, medical care, transportation, education, portable equipment, government, etc., all of which have a large market size, a high level of informatization, or the need for industrial upgrading in combination with artificial intelligence.
Carrying equipment: Smart phones, equipped with smart voice functions, increased from 36.6% in 2017 to 47.7% in 2018, and are expected to reach 90% coverage in 2023. In addition, wearing devices is also a common landing load for smart voice and image recognition, and the size of the Chinese market for wearing equipment (excluding medical equipment) was set in 2018
In addition to the need for smart equipment, traditional industries are concerned with information and intellectual applications. In the area of education, China’s investment in education is increasing year by year, and funding for educational information has increased from 1959 billion yuan in 2013 to 313.2 billion yuan in 2018.
It is expected to reach $386.3 billion by 2020, and the need for information is very high. In traditional manufacturing sectors such as the auto industry, the car-based smart terminals (e.g. voice navigation) network industry is currently focused on building up, China’s smart vehicle equipment market has been growing continuously, and the market size in 2018 has reached 37.8 billion yuan, and in 2019 it will reach 44.5 billion yuan, for intelligence.
The demand for end-of-life is going to rise. So, in both technology-intensive smart equipment plants, such as mobile computers, and traditional industries, there is a strong demand for the location of basic applications of artificial intelligence, which, in addition to the high demand in the field of landing, is also a major push for the deployment of basic applications of artificial intelligence.
In the last three years, China has put in place policies such as the New Generation Plan for the Development of Artificial Intelligence, which has established a list of people whose industrial intelligence applications represent businesses, and has included AI in the planning of the real economy in the reports of the Government and in the reports of the nineteenth session.
In addition, the Ministry of Science and Technology has established a new generation of representatives of the Chinese National Open Platform for Artificial Intelligence, which is represented by five manufacturers and covers a number of areas of fragmentation.
The advent of artificial intelligence became an important part of the national strategy and a solid foundation for the application of artificial intelligence.1 The leading intellectual voice software enterprise in the country was founded in 1999 and placed on the market in May 2008 as the first smart voice technology in the country.
The software industry, listed by companies, has 20 years of experience in the development and application of smart voice technology, leading industrial speech recognition and application companies in the country. The main business of the Section is the integration of smart voice and language technology research, software and chip product development, voice information services and e-government systems to provide intelligence to businesses, governments and individuals.
Accompanied by a complete product and service system, the content of the products and services consists mainly of open platforms and consumer applications, smart cities, educational products and services, law and order operations, automobiles, smart services, etc. Since its establishment in 1999, it has been developing its smart voice technology and applications.
The core technology began to participate in international science and technology competitions, with excellent results. In 2008, the company traded on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
Liu Qingfeng, the founder of the company, is the real manager, the current chairman and president, holding 7.56% of the shares. 33.94% of the top 10 shareholders, 4 of the top 10 shareholders holding 10.17% of the shares; 2 of the top 10 shareholders holding the real control of the company.
The corporate business model can be divided into four categories: voice support software operations, industry applications/system operations, mobile connectivity operations, and mobile connectivity.
The commercial model of voice support software operations is the WikiLeaks WikiLeaks licensing of smart voice technology to various industries for voice applications.
The product/system business model is an integrated or customized voice-based solution for downstream industries, in the form of application systems or applications, which generate revenue from voice telecommunications, value-added business and application products, and system revenue.
The mobile interconnection operation and the information engineering and transportation operations are performed by the "Speeting Smart" system, the business model of which is based on integrated system integration services for buildings.
From these four business models, the users of the systems and services are the focus of the company’s future business development.
China’s smart voice industry, the city’s top ranking, and its competitive edge. The country’s competitors are mainly cloud-informed, smarty, and out-of-town companies, all of which have their own core technology.
From its inception, it was the first time that it was formed, and it was the lateest cloud awareness and traveler for 13 years: from the position of the company, it was the backbone of the country and entrusted with the development and application of a national strategy for artificial intelligence; from the product and service categories.
The products ranged from chip to landing applications, were comprehensive, covered areas, and had downstream applications and systems with autonomous core technologies, autonomy, and not entirely dependent on the applications and products of downstream producers. The combinations were larger than those of domestic competitors, and there was a clear advantage in the domestic market.
(ii) Core competitiveness of companies: 1. High investment in research and development in science and technology and high technology performance
Key technological capabilities, maintaining the technological edge of the world’s leading industry. Over the past six years, the spending on science-tempo research and development (R & D) has been on the rise, reaching 1,773 million yuan in 2018 and 1,244 million yuan in the first half of 2019. R & D spending and investment in R & D has increased. At the same time, the number of R & D personnel has been rising year by year, with 6902 in 2018.
Research and development (R & D): Since 2015, the proportion of R & D staff has remained stable at more than 60% of the total workforce, as can be seen from the fact that the Department has always focused on R & D, giving top priority to the development of core R & D technologies.
In the last five years, the number of corporate annual patents increased from 16 in 2014 to 767 in 2018, a 47-fold increase and 113-per-cent increase in 2018. In the last three years, companies have been able to participate in several international professional and authoritative competitions with the same technology.
The world’s record has been constantly updated, even in parts of the tournament, with major winners in speech, image recognition, and so on. With the world’s leading technological advantage, Science and Technology has gained support at the national level, leading the establishment of multi-country priority laboratories.
In 2019, one of the world’s most authoritative science and technology magazines, the Massachusetts Science and Technology Review, was ranked 7th in terms of global corporate innovation and implementation capabilities, and the top Chinese companies ranked second among the top Chinese companies to China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
In recent years, high-tech technology has been a central driver of corporate development and strong competitiveness. In recent years, the technology has matured, with companies looking to the end of the user spectrum, focusing on client opening, maintaining, and using household experiences, building on a wide range of technically authoritative b-, g-, and a large number of individual users.
At the b- and g-ends of the various compartmentalized areas, companies accumulate a large number of authoritative firms, institutions or government sector clients, with high customer quality, wide client coverage of corporate products, and significant institutional coverage in some sectors. For example, in the field of intellectual education, corporate products cover more than 25,000 schools, and more than 700 secondary schools across the country have been commercialized and operated.
More than 800,000 students work in the field of law and order: the company serves mainly the judiciary at all levels throughout the country, and the science and technology office system covers more than 90% of all high schools and provincial prosecutors. At the same time, the company works with the country’s top hospitals to develop more than 1,000 primary health-care providers.
The advantage of the Section is evident for business, institutions, and government users.
In 2017, the Toc end product business rose to 1,377 million yuan, and in 2018 it rose to 2,517 million yuan, almost doubling. The Toc end product camp also accounted for 31.8 per cent of the total revenue from 2017 to 2018.c
One of the main products for C-end users is the Developer Platform and the second is the SLIP, which now reflects an increase in the number of C-end users and an increase in the size of clients. In 2014, only 55,000 developers of the SLCOM platform were involved, and the platform had 2.03 million developers in the first half of 2019; the number of developers continued to grow at the same rate as the previous year.
(iii) Corporate financial situation: net profit gains are warming and costs are slowing down.
Corporate business income has been rising consistently, and the growth rate has been rising overall. In 2018, net corporate profits were $542 million, an increase of 24.71 per cent. It is noteworthy that the net return profits of companies have increased since 2013 at a similar rate.
The costs (including the research and development costs mentioned above) have continued to rise as a result of the upgrading of technology in the heart, as well as the expansion of key roads such as health, education, law and order, and automobiles. As the market layout and development strategy of the company has become clear and the relevant talent needs have been recruited, it is expected that the cost of the company will slow down in the future.
The main lines of operation are open platforms and consumer business, smart cities, education, political and legal business, automobiles, smart services, etc. We divide and forecast according to business: (1) close to 33.53 per cent of corporate revenue comes from open platforms and consumer business, which is one of the company ' s core business.
In 2019, the size of the company’s active users affected, and we expect that revenue growth will remain stable. Smart city business is a business that companies are fully engaged in, and an important source of growth for the future. Based on the company’s success in building urban mind platforms, such as urban transport, we expect revenue to be stable over the next three years.
Political and legal operations have been successfully deployed at various levels of political and legal institutions, and the operation is expected to grow steadily after the piloting of a smart trial system and an intelligent auxiliary case management system, and we expect to increase revenue in the next three years at a rate of more than 90 new cars in 2018 as the demand for the car network continues to grow.
A new vehicle-type project is working together, and the future vehicle-borne smart terminal is promising. We expect an increase in revenue over the next three years. Smart services are an advantage that companies continue to focus on. In the future, companies will further consolidate their position in the financial, business, medical, home and other sectors, providing high-quality artificial intelligence systems and solutions.
The market is less tolerant of the value of the science and technology unit. Technological innovation. Chen Xiaoteng, who joined the network in 2016 and is currently the head of the media Internet team. Certificate No.
Xu Jialine, the author of the Institute's sales team, has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.