2021 tri-quarter review: Continued core client exposure + Mäori 23 October 2021  3-quarter sales of core clients continue to grow, with scale effects + upward pressure on effective transmission costs
The main reason for the increase in corporate revenue in the same year is that the core t client area was fully aligned in 2021 and achieved a greater unicycle value. The main reason for the company’s increase in the Māori ring ratio was that: 1) the scale effect of the large release of the core customer’s capacity was the promotion of a variety of products.
The increase in the Māori rate; 2) the continued release of the thermal management operations after the completion of the operation, resulting in an increase in the Māori rate as a result of the scale effect; and 3) the effective transfer of pressure from increased raw materials and transportation costs to downstream customers to share the increase in operating costs.
▪ Continuous promotion of new project R & D and energy layouts, Tier 0.5 mode gradually gaining intelligent electric vehicle enterprise approval, chip shortage mitigation drive further release of four quarters of company performance: 1) companies continue to push into the R & D of integrated heat pumps version 2.0; 2) smart brake systems and transitions
The system is now being tested and matched. 3) Depending on the order, the company speeds up the internal/foreign production and distribution of energy. At the domestic level, it promotes the construction of production bases in the Bay of Ning Bohang, Ning Bohang Bay, phase II, phase III, phase IV, phase V and Ning Poong District, with new factories in Shanghai, Lake County, Xian, etc.
Foreign: Additional investment in Poland and accelerated capacity-building and the acceleration of Mexican workers at the request of clients
The new energy business grew beautifully, the new client promoted the tier 0.5 business model, gradually gaining the approval of a number of smart electric cars companies, and successfully expanded with rivian 2021-08-20.
Co-operative bicycles are valued at $11,000. 5) Industry disadvantage resolution + priority vehicle fast release, q4 accelerated release. Starting in October, chip supply was gradually addressed, entering into a tight balance, adding bulk supply to new products from new customers such as Ford, River, and so forth.
The annual semi-annual performance forecast: Chips The company’s revenues and profits will continue to grow at a high rate, and future performance will be further released. Shortages plus rising raw materials, with slightly lower performance
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Given the prospect of gradual solutions to industry disadvantages in the second half of the year, companies continue to promote R & D and the production of energy. We maintain company performance projections, yielding revenue from 2021-2023.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board