The q3 industry showed a high growth in its performance, with the new energy vehicle industry showing positive results.
Incidents: Tupou Group published three-quarterly reports in 2021, the company won $7,823 million in January-September 2021, together with Huang Xuyu's new energy car company, which continues to operate and q3 continues to grow at a rapid rate. Company 2021q3 achieved 29.06.
Billion dollars, 65.44 per cent in the same year, 16.7 per cent in the ring; net profit return of $294 million, 71.26 per cent in the same year, 37.43 per cent in the ring. Corporate q3 performance continued to grow at a rapid pace and was not significantly affected by the shortage of chip supplies, thanks to the company’s forward-looking new energy vehicle track, which actively promoted “2+3”
Industrial layout, intensive development of product lines and client groups, and a large number of orders obtained in the previous period, and the profitability of new energy sources q3 improved in the current period as compared to the ring. Māori was 20.96% in the first three quarters of 2021, down from 37.87% in the same month, and was set up in North America, Europe, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Ningbo, etc.
Research and development centres, scientific teams. The company’s product lines are wide-ranging, providing customers with one-stop, system-level, modular products and services. The tier0.5 business model, implemented, is smart and electric.
At the domestic level, the company has established new factories in Shanghai, Lake and Xian, and has accelerated the construction of bases for production in the Bay of Ning Bohang II, III, IV, V and Ning Poong regions.
The demand for orders, the company’s additional investment in Poland and the acceleration of capacity-building in order to speed up the construction of Mexican factories Investment proposal: maintenance of a prudential recommended rating. With the gradual resolution of the lack of cores and the arrival of the marketing season, the rapid roll-out of the client’s focused vehicle model is expected to continue to grow at a high rate throughout the year.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.