New energy projects are fast-tracked, energy reserves are expanding to satisfy industry Research Assistant Tan Qing  Keys: company announcement, civil affairs with Chongqing Sand Dam people on December 22, 2021
The Ministry signed a cooperation agreement for the production of a lightly quantified chassis system and an internal soundproofing system for new energy vehicles. The company is planning to invest 1.5 billion yuan in a phased production base for new energy vehicles in the Shap Dam area of Chongqing.
180 acres of the new energy vehicle light-quantified chassis system and built-in soundproofing system production base. Project II proposes to deploy a car electronic system, a heat management system.
Cooperation is expected to advance further. 1) The company ' s current production capacity is rapidly released and yielding good returns, but the acceleration of new energy orders and the gradual landing of new and emerging projects require the company to expand its capacity to cover both domestic and foreign business development; 2) According to the company ' s 2021st semi-annual report, the company and Chongqing Kim Hong (King)
Liss, who started collaborating on products such as the Light Quantified Deck System in the priority vehicle model, made a major investment in the construction of a production base that would increase the responsiveness to customers, increase their stickyness, effectively reduce production and transport costs and provide better services to customers; 3) corporate integrated heat pumps total
The development and validation of version 2.0 systems continues, with further advances expected from the company ' s 2021 semi-annual report on the development and validation of the subsequent collaboration with China ' s industrial chain, based on products associated with the introduction of cooperative thermal management systems.
▪ Continuously promoting new project development and energy layouts, Tier 0.5 mode gradually gaining recognition by smart electric companies, chip shortage mitigation drive further release of four quarters of company performance: 1) Smart brake systems and transition systems are increasing their validation and matching. 2) Air is officially in place and available
Combining design, research and development, and building integrated packages; 3) In line with orders, companies speed up the distribution of domestic/foreign production capacity. Domestic: five + nine of the base plate system are officially completed, and eight of the base plate of the Hangzhou Bay base are officially in place. Foreign: additional investment and faster production in Poland.
1 The Top Group (601689), recall can be built. 4) The company takes advantage of the many product lines to promote the Tier 0.5 business model, and gradually gets the impact of the event limited and still looks long-term.
Starting in the month, the chip supply is gradually being addressed, and a tight balance is being put in place, with the bulk of new products delivered by new clients, such as Ford and Riveran, and the company ' s revenues and profits are expected to be sustained.
With a high rate of growth, future performance will be further released. Volume + Māori uplifts performance growth.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: performance due to a shortage of chips this year + rising prices of raw materials
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board