New energy client orders continued to be released + Māori Rupee Group (601689.sh)
Investment Incidents publishes its three-quarter report for 2021: in the first three quarters of 2021, the company realized that Li Zeai, our analysis and judgement on the spread of new energy client products, contributed to higher-than-expected growth in corporate income.
(i) Downstream client sales are driving the expansion of corporate orders, with significant increases in income from major products. The company’s forward-looking new energy auto industry, its aggressive efforts to expand product lines and client groups, downstream customer production
At the same time, the company has increased its heating system product layout since the second half of 2020, and significant progress has been made in this business, with the value of the company’s own product increasing, further boosting income elasticity. In the future, as the core problem is gradually addressed, priority customers will be given priority.
With the release of the supply demand for the new vehicle fleet, it is expected that corporate sales revenue will continue to grow at a high rate, and (ii) the Māori ring ratio will increase and the cost rate will improve over the period. In the first three quarters of 2021, the company ' s Māori stock charge is accounted for as a result of operating costs. From a single season perspective, the q3 Mār. 21.12 per cent is the same ratio.
Investment proposals: The company is the country ' s few zero-part supplier with the capacity to develop the package of services in a synchronized fashion, the product matrix continues to expand, the new energy layout leads, and the risk of negative impacts on the automobile industry chain with the shortage of important new energy users; and the risk of rising prices of raw materials.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.