Improved performance in the third quarter, with broad prospects for new operations
This represents an increase of 94.44 per cent, with total operating income of $2.906 billion in the third quarter, which is an increase in the same year, benefiting from the release of new energy truck customers, and a significant increase in performance in the q3 quarter: even against the backdrop of a tight chip supply and a sharp rise in raw material prices, companies achieved total operating income in the q3 quarter.
During the period, mainly as a result of the release of new energy vehicles, Tesla achieved 241,000 vehicles in the third quarter of the year, an increase of 72.9 per cent over the same period.
We believe that, as the chip supply eases, the company’s performance is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, driven by customers like Tesla, General, Gilly, etc. The card-based electric smart track has three new business prospects: the company’s drive around the automobile industry.
Performance meets expectations. The "2+3" business has grown well. The "2+3" industry has grown well. In particular, the forward-looking car smart driving system, the heat management system, the new energy automobile industry has expanded well, and the new business has grown well.
The three new business lines of the integrated, light-quantified chassis system will benefit fully from motor motorization and intelligent development. In light-quantified chassis, the integrated aluminum vacuum casting chassis is approved by the client and delivered in bulk, and the aluminum chassis welding chassis is recognized by the client Ford, the Rivian, etc.
-aaa-Top Group (601689) Quarterly reports on the delivery of supplies, which is expected to continue as the new energy car customers and the overseas market expand well. In the heat management system, successful research on integrated heat pumps and electronic expansion has been carried out.
Products such as boom valves, electro-water valves, electro-water pumps, gas separators, and products associated with the cooperative heat management system with China, are expected to contribute to the new growth point with the rapid development of new energy vehicles. In the case of smart driving systems, integrated solutions for ibs+eps can be provided to clients.
The program, which is currently being tested and matched, will further land the smart cabin product. The company is strong in research and development, there are many product lines, three new business lines are highly synergized with the original business, and there is a great deal of business.
26.13 times as much as expected, taking into account the combined competitive advantages of the company, the “growth” rating is maintained, and risk factors are: vehicle sales are not as high as expected, car electronics are not expanding as expected, lightly quantified bottoms are expanding as expected, and heat management operations are not expanding as expected.