On October 19, 2018, the company performed less than expected.
Field prices have fallen somewhat over the same period last year, the domestic market for the company ' s polyurethane series of products has stabilized, overseas market sales have continued to grow benignly, petrochemical series products have collected 13.77 billion yuan, and petrochemical products have risen or declined in the first half of the year.
• During the reporting period, the company received the approval of the CMC for the merger of MCF-related matters in order to bring the corporate chemical assets on the market as a whole. MCD-Hungarian bc owns 300,000 tonnes per year,
tdi production capacity of 250,000 tonnes/year, pvc production capacity of 400,000 tonnes/year, and falcon capacity of 369,000 tonnes/year, has also been increasing in recent years, and bc assets have been injected to benefit companies worldwide.
To highlight, firms will enhance their competitiveness in the global market by increasing their market expansion abroad in comparison with their overseas competitors in terms of product quality, cost control, etc. The company’s strategic layout is clear, the three main lines of business are growing, and the smoke station’s industrial park will host mdi products and epoxy.
A combination of petrochemical industries such as propane, acrylic acid and esters and the progressive development of downstream functional products to extend and refine the company's industrial chain layout. During this period, the company built polyurethane integration - Ethylene project was approved, and the project will further develop the integrated advantages of the park and provide a stable supply of raw materials downstream.
The construction of new materials projects such as pc, tdi, mma, pmma and others, based on the guarantee of stable production of mdi and petrochemicals, is also steadily moving to the ground, bringing new performance growth points for companies that are expected to join the ranks of the international chemicals industry in the future as the companies are deployed around the world.
Look at the corporate development prospects. The company is currently undervalued, giving an “upper” rating, and the city gate is on the fifth floor, and new projects are not expanding as expected.
Open Source Securities Inc. has its own qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively and with due diligence and professionalism. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received any recommendations or views in this report either directly or indirectly.
Disclosures of company-related information The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, as defined by the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index in the six months following the reporting date, as follows:
In the six-month period following the reporting date, industry was defined as follows: (overweight): industry outperformed overall market performance; (underweight): industry was weaker than overall market performance.