The price of Mandarin Chemistry (600309.sh) mdi has continued to decline, with a year-round performance burden on companies issuing three-quarter performance reports, and in the last three quarters, companies have achieved business income of 45.920 billion yuan.
Yoy+17.9 per cent; realization of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of RMB 9.02 billion, Yoy+15.5 per cent, combined with the impact of the continuing decline in prices of the major product mdi, which is currently about three times lower than expected, coupled with a large margin for future performance growth, with a “holding” rating.
The price of mdi has continued to decline, resulting in less than expected performance: refrigerator freezers account for about 45% of the consumption structure downstream of polymer mdi, whereas according to industry online, mdi in the domestic refrigerators for the first eight months of 18 years is dominated by polymer mdi. For sales, the sales in the first three quarters were in the PUR series.
The company achieved 24.32 billion yuan, yoy+8.31 per cent in the polyurethane series in the first three quarters of the year, of which the price of mdi fell in the third quarter, and the company ' s combined Māori rate fell by 2.19 percentage points in the previous three quarters of the year to a high rate of growth in petrochemical series, fine chemicals and new material systems: the petrochemical series, in the first three quarters of the year.
A series of sales of 2.9 million tons (including lpg trade), an increase of 14.5 per cent in the same year. On the price side, the price of the company ' s petrochemical products, for example, three quarters of acrylic (Sandong region) and epoxypropanes (China), were affected by the rise in oil prices, supply side reforms and multiple environmental factors.
Eastern region, same), mtbe, nbutylol, acrylic acid, increased by 19.6%, 11.0%, fine chemicals and new material series, respectively, with sales of 220,000 tons in the previous three quarters, which increased by the same month. Choice data show that the average price of pc in the previous three quarters was 284,000 yuan, compared to the same price.
A 35.7 per cent increase in sales earnings from fine chemicals and new materials of $4.2 billion, an increase of 38.8 per cent over the same period, while current prices of mdi are running at a relatively low level, with year-round performance pressure: influenced by factors such as a downturn in downstream demand, the company’s direct sales of mdi in October was $15,500 per ton, a decline in the same year.
54.3%, with a 20% decline in the ring ratio, the net mdi mark-up price was $31,200 per tonne, a 2.01% decline in the same year, and a 6.0% decline in the ring. According to the Choice data, the current price of polymer mdi (the Jiang Zing market) will continue to decline at a similar rate in the four seasons.
With mdi capacity reaching 2.1 million tonnes/year, the world’s leading industry remains oligopolistic, and there is little chance that polymer mdi prices will continue to fall deep.
In view of the persistence of oligopoly patterns in the polyurethane sector and the company's coming into production on a number of future projects, there is considerable scope for future growth in the company's performance, with a “holding” rating, with expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.