The performance of the mdi cycle has dragged down, patiently waiting for future growth The woody tiger o3 has performed below expectations: the company achieved business income of $45,923 million over the reporting period, a year-on-year increase
The main reasons for the sharper decline in ring q2 were the decline in mdi prices and sales, and higher pressure on raw materials costs due to higher prices of raw materials such as benzene and propane due to higher oil prices.The average net mdi listing price in January-September 2018 was $30822/t, an increase of 18.65 per cent; direct sales were increased by 18.65 per cent;
The nominal price was $23367 per tonne, a 3.97 per cent decrease in the same year. q3 polymer mdi prices showed a much lower level of downstream demand, and the mdi cycle went down: the second quarter was a light season for the industry, so mdi entered the lower route from the second quarter. The third quarter was not a good season, and prices continued the downward trend.
According to published business data, the average sales price of the q3 polyurethane product series fell by 8.11% and the sales price dropped by 5.69%. For the post-market period, the domestic macroeconomic situation is more under pressure, with lower demand for buildings, cars, domestic electricity, etc., less optimistic, and domestic prices of mdi or sustained pressure.
Patience waits for future growth to emerge: the company, as the leader of the country’s private chemical industry, is now on its way from the mdi tap to the integrated chemical giant. The share of the mdi in the company’s profits remains high (57.5% in the polyurethane series in September), owing to the comparison of the mdi.
The company’s long-term development planning is proceeding in an orderly manner. During the reporting period, the group as a whole was approved for approval by the CSRC. After the merger was completed, the company remained firmly in the global version of mdi.
In addition, the company plans a phase-size petrochemical project with light hydrocarbons as its primary feedstock, while developing new material plates with high value added, which are strongly correlated with technological advances; from downstream applications, the company's layout products can be used for cars, cars and cars.
Clients in areas such as construction offer a series of solutions. We believe that, with the rapid growth of companies, resistance to cyclicality will grow in the future, and the combined competitive advantage will gradually emerge.
Precious, The World's Way to Progress, 2 and The Way to Chemical (600309): from mdi Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board.