Reorganisation program's assets are injected into the King's Maker, the state's company, the company issues shares and pays cash to buy assets and collects matching funds and associated transactions.
In the case of the proposed acquisition of the shares of Prett high pressure, design company under the National Network of Electric Technology, the Namseo Group, electrical security, information and communication companies, Pry Engineering, Pry Tech, Beijing Nansi, Shanghai Nansi, Indonesian Public Administration, Brazilian Corporation, data from Sino-China, Yunsyan-Swe, etc., as well as the main operations held by the Nanseo Group.
The total price of the assets traded at this transaction amounts to $26,479 million, of which $2,499 million is paid in cash, and $3.4 billion is proposed for 13 projects such as the industrialization of the igbt module.
## Three years look forward to the implementation of a mix of state-owned enterprises in the programme site and the overall listing, due to the safe and stable real-time control of power grids by controlling shareholders and equity funders from Nanxi Group and from the NHS, Preyt high voltage and Nanry's relays and companies, respectively
There are competition issues in the area of protection and integrated automation of power supply and transmission plants, and the South Swe Group and the National Cyber Electricity Institute committed themselves to resolving competition issues within three years at the end of 2013. This programme was launched to strengthen competitiveness in related areas through asset injections.
State-owned enterprises actively promoted by the State are listed as a whole and are actively promoting the spirit of mixed ownership reform, and the core business assets of the present SNSG and the National Networked Electricity Institute are listed as a whole.
The company is the country's electricity automation, orbital traffic surveillance technology, equipment, service providers and leading companies, under the programme, with additional relay protection and flexible transmission of electricity and information communications.
The ratio of gross and net assets of the second-highest electrical to-larger Puri project in 2016 was far higher than the company, Wu Haihama, and the next-generation electrical system was the largest research and industrial base in the country in the field of relay protection, with a soft and autonomous drop-off.
The electricity technology is at an international level, in combination with the Prey Project's swords, and in recent years it has received a large amount of orders for high-voltage engineering equipment in the country, especially for the switch valves and straight-flow control protection systems, where the market share is at the top. Companies can use the proposed merger of Indonesian, Brazilian companies to march into Indonesia and the surrounding areas.
Foreign markets, such as the region and South America, are expected to trigger the growth potential of overseas operations using the wind of the "one-way" and the global energy Internet.
The company's business structure and profitability form a more complete industrial chain of smart power grids. □ The project involves the nationalization of core components. The largest input of the 13 projects that have been mobilized is the igbt module industrialization project.
Igbt is the key instrument for automatic control and power conversion, and is the core element of strategic and emerging business such as electric cars, energy-saving equipment, straight-flow distribution grids. Hes projects that by 2020, the domestic market will be larger than $20 billion, with a combined annual growth rate of about 15%.
At the middle and upper end of the market, such as new energy cars, orbital transport, there is still a great deal of dependence on the import of igbt, and there is much room for substitution, both at the size of the market as a whole and at the national level. The implementation of the company’s project will not only contribute to the nationalization of the core semiconductor key technologies, but also to the strengthening of product ownership in its own domain.
Mainization and quality, which can be used as an opportunity to cut into other applications of igbt, and to upgrade the reorganization, are defined as follows: No rating - because the company is unable to obtain the necessary information, or because it faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons, based on the increase or decline of the securities (or industry index) relative to the 300 index within 12 months of the date of this report.
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.