We've changed the labels to be a powerful smart power grid two times, and we've re-assessed our plans.
Investment rating: A public announcement issued on the evening of May 16th, on issuing shares and paying cash to purchase assets and collecting the accompanying funds and associated transactions, to be presented to the National Electricity Academy,
100 per cent share of the Peking National Network Prett Power Transmission Technology Ltd., 100 per cent share of Nansi Electric Design Ltd.
Investors will raise $6,103 million in equity packages. This restructuring is a public platform under the flag of the national network: a company that specializes in electricity automation, hardware development and system integration services, mainly in grid control,
The company’s first major shareholder is Nanxi Group, which is actually a public platform under the national grid. The largest reorganization in the years was the same asset as another Nanxi: according to the company’s public.
As at 31 December 2016, the total assets of the State were 17,532 million yuan, and Young-jae had a total operating income of 11,415 million yuan in 2016, which was owned by the parent company.
Open Source Securities Co. Ltd., which is the owner of the parent company, has a net profit of $1,889 million. As a result, the target asset performance is significantly higher than that of the U.S. Electric S. for the same period.
City Gate B, 5th floor, is the estimated base date, and this target has a 100% equity pool of net book assets added to a single Nanry.
It's a high-quality core asset. For example, 87% of the reinsurer's shares are held by the Nanxie Group and Shen Guoqiang.
In the list of clients of large asset reorganizations, it is foreseen that the company’s advantages in areas such as relay protection will be further expanded after reorganization; for example, the assets targeted are 100 per cent equity in Beijing, 100 per cent equity in Shanghai, 90 per cent equity in Indonesian companies, and Bach.
Western companies, 99% equity, 60% of Swe data, etc., have been re-organised to gain direct access to export platforms for overseas operations, which is more conducive to direct company involvement in land grid investment projects in South-East Asia, Brazil, etc., with significant economic effects.
This has led the way in such investment areas as the global energy Internet, smart power grids, distribution grids, especially with the injection of such high-quality assets as secure electricity, and the strengthening of two leading companies in the area of smart power grid equipment.
National grids have been changed to address peer competition: in addition, this reorganization is designed to coincide with our national strategy of 2017 for the transformation of state companies, which is equivalent to a marketing platform for the injection of the main assets of the National Internet Academy and the Nanse Group into one.
The entire core business assets of the NSG and NHS are on the market to further raise the securitization rate of the HSN. This has also set up a pole for the subsequent restructuring of other listed platforms under the national flag.
In a major asset reorganization, NHS, Nanry Group promised to resolve within three years of that reorganization, the same thing between NNS and NSN, Prett High Volt, China and Pry Network Control Technology, and the relay electrical system.
Risk expectations are that asset restructuring will fall short of expectations: there is a risk of policy change. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
(a) In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.