Aerial dynamics (600893), year 2022: robust performance throughout the year; potentially high ratio of dawn, Leyang R & D and constant process needs to mature and increase manufacturing costs, resulting in Māori ratio
Some effects. The net profit of the company is 1,268 million yuan (+6.75 per cent), the net interest rate is 3.64 per cent, the interest rate is 2.16 per cent (-0.42 pcts), and income and profits are shown in the first quarter of the fourth quarter.
Decrease; production-related repair costs and amortization of intangible assets are factored into operating costs on the one hand, and Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Air Securities Ltd., mid-2022, where an increase in the share of new products is reported as delivery
At the end of the reporting period, the parent company had signed a contract that had not yet been fulfilled or had not been completed.
The dawn company is mainly engaged in aerodynamic engines, gas turbines, etc., and its products are widely equipped with many of our high-performance military aircraft, generating 22.17 billion yuan (+18.15%) in operating revenue, with a relatively low profit of 784 million yuan.
With current revenues of 2,233.6 million yuan (+17.74 per cent), foreign trade export sub-contracting operations generated income of 281 million yuan (-yearly, dawn companies spent 128 million yuan on R & D, an increase of 130.29 per cent over the same period).
In terms of the revenue structure, the Southern company (the parent) earned $7,754 million (-2.63 per cent) in its aviation engine and reproduction operations, non-aerial products and other operations.
For 3,384 million yuan (+12.05 per cent), the total profit is 77 million yuan (+36.15 per cent). In 2022, Li promoted small nuclei, major collaboration, specialization, openness, leading by chain leaders, and the power and efficiency of the industrial chain are expected to boost corporate profitability.
In 2022, the company and the Shenyang Aviation Industries Group signed the Shenyang Aerodynamic Industrial Park Project.
Co-building agreements to foster large, specialized and more competitive domestic and foreign aviation engines Core parts and manufacturing capacity for the processing of co-source products, together making industrial parks the leading aerodynamic industrial conglomerates in the country; and signing strategic cooperation agreements with the General Technology Sunbed, which will revolve around aviation
In June 2022, a joint venture between the pilot power and the steel researchor Gona established a limited company, the naval power was financed by assets, holding 32.03% of the fleet.
New models for in-depth collaboration with core strategic suppliers; introduction of core strategic suppliers to upgrade their production capacity, with a more active role in upgrading the capacity of companies, supply chain security, etc.
Aerial engine technology is a manifestation of the status of the major powers and of the combined power of the state, a strategic high point in modern aviation technology, an essential element of modern defence, and an important support for economic and social development. At present, the aeronautics industry is in the midst of a new technological revolution, an industrial revolution, and a military revolution.
At the stage of knitting and rapid development, the engines of aviation are both in the “twilight” of the great powers, and above the “twilight” of the military, technological revolution. The world’s air powers have stepped up their deployment and advanced technological research on aeronautics.
Advantages. The World Aviation Power, the United States has completed the development of a validation machine for adaptive cycle engines, the UK has released a zero-emission strategy for aviation, and the new generation of fighter programs is becoming clearer, with new concepts such as unmanned, digital, electro-gasification, hydrogen energy, incremental materials, composite materials, new technologies and applications of new materials all moving fast.
Accumulation changes. In the process of competing with the strong, moving to first class, we have to rely on autonomous innovation to speed up breakthroughs, chase fast, run faster than the powerful, to achieve intergenerational development, to move beyond the development, and to make it possible to cross the curves, to cross the path.
Military aviation markets: companies have the best domestic technology for development and production processing, which dominates the market for military engine products. With the trend towards lower entry thresholds for domestic manufacturing of spare parts for military engines and the construction of modern industrial chains, they have some technical capacity and competitiveness.
In the civil aviation market, the international civil aviation market has developed four generations of large vortex motors for narrow-body passenger aircraft, three generations of large vortex motors for wide-body passenger aircraft, and a large civil power vortex.
Four generations of civil vortex engines have been developed, fuel consumption rates have been reduced, first rotations have been extended and products have become more economical; small- and small-scale multi-purpose civilian turbo motors have been increasing in economic and safety terms; and civil aircraft (helicopters) are being used for coaching/special operations.
The civil aviation market is now rapidly recovering, the domestic civil aviation market is vast, c919 has been delivered to users, is about to be put into commercial passenger operations, and the domestic production of commercial engines has great prospects and needs. The company will focus on the manufacture of the entire aircraft and the building of the unit.
In terms of affiliates, the parent company (West China) is on an order of $14.6 billion, an increase of $14.3 billion relative to the downstream demand; and the research and development costs of dawn, dawn, dawn, and dawn, plus
The aircraft engine is the heart of the aircraft, which must rely on self-innovation and self-controllable development. At present, the country’s aviation engine industry is demand-driven, and military engines are replaced by new aircraft and national production.
At two levels, military demand has risen rapidly; with the first delivery of c919, the civil aviation market has opened the era of national production, and the autonomous development and production of domestic commercial engines is expected to accelerate.
From the supply end, in 2022, the launch power played a leading role as chain leader, adopting a joint strategy.
Clusters; initiatives such as the disposal of inefficient assets to induce the upgrading of the industrial chain of the supply chain. As the power and efficiency of the industry chain increase, it is expected that the company’s profitability will increase.
But the company will maintain a sustained and stable growth trend over the long term, and as the structure of the company's products is upgraded and mature, the delivery and production systems are improved, personnel structures are optimized, cost engineering progress is made, and the quality of the company's economic performance will continue to improve.
China Air Stock Corps: more than 20 people, the largest military-industrial research team in the capital market, relying on the strong military-industrial shareholders of the aviation industry group, engaged in military-industrial research with military-industrial qualities, served the military-industrial industry, sought foresight, depth, systems, comprehensive coverage of all areas of the military-industrial industry, served the second-tier capital market, and developed good interaction with the regulatory, industrial, capital, etc. of the military-industrial industry
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
A person or a resident. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese security unless otherwise indicated.