Continuous increase in the size of the installed aircraft, additional reserves and large amounts of resources to be injected
The company published its annual report 2021, which generated revenue of $37,208 million for the year as a whole.
During the year 2021, the company added a holding capacity of 2.104gw, of which the Wind and Power Project Division held a holding capacity of 26.7gw, of which wind power of 23.67gw, fire power of 1.875gw, and its renewable energy (primarily photovolt) of 1.156gw. The ratio of photovolts to the company's total installed aircraft is clear.
Leung Yonan has increased the size and number of hours spent, leading to an increase in the volume of electricity generated by the company in 2021, 63,285 million kilowatt hours, a 19.26 per cent increase in the same year.
Electricity generation increased by 17.44 per cent on a year-on-year basis by 51,300 million kilowatt-hours. The number of wind-hours used increased by 127 per cent on a year-on-year basis, owing to increased wind speed and increased operational readiness stability, and 10,776 million kilowatt-hours generated by fire, an increase of 19.28 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The number of hours spent on fire power increased by 929 over the same period. There was an overall increase in profitability. Wind power, photovoltaics, and revenue ratios are expected to continue to grow over the next few years, with room for improvement in the overall Māori ratio of companies.
The amount of new energy subsidies due is large and is expected to be resolved in the near future at the medium level of the industry. But the company, as the leader of wind power operations, currently has a large amount of new energy subsidies due, amounting to $26,942 million in receivables financing at the end of 2021 (mostly in receivables).
Budget table, in which central-level expenditure increased from $92.8 billion in 2021 to $45.28 billion in 2022, or will be used to address long-standing arrears in new energy subsidies, corporate cash, and reserves of additional resources more than twice as much as available.
Complementarity item 8gw, located in areas with better resources. Structuredly, the majority of the projects are photovoltaic projects, reflecting the 14th strategy of conglomerate convergence, complementarity, and diversification.
According to a letter of commitment from the National Energy Group to avoid competition among peers, the National Energy Group will inject the remaining wind power into the company within three years (2022-2024) after the company has absorbed the flat energy trade.
It is expected that the following injections will significantly increase the size of the company’s wind-loading units and strengthen the company’s leader.
However, the advantages of valuation levels are not obvious, but companies rely on national energy groups for significant advantages in terms of project reserves, transport management, and financial costs, with a high degree of certainty about the growth of installed machines. For the first time, the size of wind and light voltage machines is lower than expected: renewable energy subsidies are less than expected.
Quarterly: Lower prices for electricity on the Internet: the price of new projects has risen, among other things. Tuao has graduated from China’s University of Mines (Beijing), with more than 10 years of experience in industrial research, and has long been working on environmentally friendly public use and on the downstream of the industrial chain.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.