The semi-annual performance increase announcement for 2021 was evaluated: steel and rare earth, research assistant Wang Chinyan, and the steel pack shares issued the 2021 semi-annual performance advance announcement: based on preliminary estimates by the finance department, projected
(b) The company's operating performance base was small in 2020 due to the impact of the epidemic.
The price of the rare earth has rebounded, and the demand for downstream reservoirs is expected to start. The price of the rare earth has risen continuously in recent days, rising by up to 16.4% between late June and early July, benefiting from the demand for new energy and energy savings downstream.
The company’s inventory has been rapidly deconstructed, falling by almost 30% since the beginning of this year, considering the continued high growth in demand, the gradual release of demand for industrial chain replenishments, and we judge that the price of rare earths will trigger a new wave of rises. The tons of rare earth concentrate production capacity and the holdings of the White Cloud Obo tailings bank contain about 13,82 million tons of rare deposits.
The world's second-largest reserve of earth-wrecked oxides is produced by the company's tailings resource development for rare earths in the North, at a price adjusted to market prices. We expect future prices for rare earths, 1, “Stacks” (600010): rare earths.
The increase in the value of resources and the steel business landscape are expected to generate a double elasticity for the growth of public profits, as the supply of concentrate increases in parallel with the group’s rare earth quota.
Reversal 2021-02-25 Iron and Steel Business: Stewardship and higher profit levels in the beneficiary sector. The company ' s main sales of steel increased by 12.74 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the first quarter of 2021, with a 22 per cent increase in pipe and model materials and a 22 per cent increase in wire rods.
We believe that the steel sector has three main logics: good demand (manufacturing), carbon-neutral supply bottlenecks, and the logic of cost decline have not changed. With the industry’s production limits cashed in the second half of the year, the steel industry will continue to expand, and corporate steel operations will benefit fully.
The industry has recovered and the company's “buy-in” rating has been maintained.