New material in the north, cast board growth time, two-wing operations in parallel, three-quarter review of new material in the north, 2023.
Performance grew steadily and cash flows performed well. 2023q3 achieved operating income of $5.648 billion, with net cash flows from companies operating at $1.961 billion, an increase of 29.44 per cent; and 2023q3 operating activities with net cash flows of $685 million, a slight increase of 5.58 per cent over the same period.
Corporate profitability continues to increase. The combined Māori rate of 20231-3q is 30.80%, and the new application of gypsum boards continues to expand. The growth space is further expanded. The current domestic gypsum masters need to use the ceilings, have smaller applications in the walls, and demand the gypsums as the wall is cut off.
There is a clear advantage in the regulation of newly built wood products in the north, in the size of raw materials, in the bargaining power and in the cost of manufacturing, and in the company’s continuing “one cent” approach.
The “One Wing, Global Layout” strategy is continuing. The company insists on focusing on the gypsum industry, doing excellent work on the gypsum and the gypsum plus business, transforming industrial products into consumer goods; and accelerating the expansion of waterproofing.
Business, seizing the incremental opportunities offered by the new industry regulations, enhancing access to high-quality customers; accelerating the promotion of paints, making large building paints, and making strong industrial paints. The company’s international business layout is steadily moving forward.
New North Building Materials 20230430 could not be delivered as expected, downstream demand could not recover as expected, and the price of raw materials was higher than expected.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations Construction materials: materials for construction, first, steady growth in performance and better cash flow performance
Events: Three-quarter reports issued by the company. In the first to third quarters of 2023, the company achieved operating income of $17,049 million, or 10.14 per cent; in the second quarter of 2023, the equivalent of $12.85 per cent; in the second quarter of 2023, the net return was $860 million, or 21.36 per cent. The company ' s performance continued to grow steadily. In terms of cash flows, the net cash flow from corporate activities in the first to third quarters of 2023 was $1,961 million, or 29.44 per cent; in the third quarter, the firm ' s operations were now operating.
Net gold flows amounted to $685 million, a small increase of 5.58 per cent over the same period. The company's cash flows performed well. Corporate profitability continued to rise.
In addition to the use of gypsums in the renovation of houses, the amount of paint sheet applications in the renovation domain is also significant. The current use of gypsum plates in the country is mainly for ceilings, with fewer applications in the walls.
As a result, the demand for gypsums in the area of fences has gradually increased, and as marketing channels continue to improve, the coverage of the county markets is deepening, and the future growth of the gypsum is expected to expand further. And, North Shining, a leading firm in the national gypsum industry, is involved in product control, scale of raw materials procurement, bargaining power, and manufacturing costs.
There are obvious advantages; in addition to this, the company is pursuing a continuous “one cent” savings scheme, achieving some results in the reduction of efficiency gains, further “one-wing” business, and accelerating the transition to a consumer construction service provider. The company maintains a focus on the gypsum industry, doing excellent work on the gypsum and the gypsum plus, transforming the industrial product to consumer goods, strengthening the full-cover business model of the “workshop + chief” and creating a new one.
The Ministry of Domestic Construction, the Ministry of powder slurry, etc. has continued to expand the new categories of products that are rich in “paintboard plus” operations. The company has accelerated the expansion of water-proofing operations, seized the incremental opportunities offered by the new regulations in the industry, enhanced access to high-quality customers, and promoted the upgrading of the production base equipment; and accelerated the promotion of the paint industry, making large building paints, making powerful industrial paints, and expanding applications.
The process of internationalization has accelerated. Companies have stepped up their efforts to develop new international markets in Africa, Central Asia, the Middle East, and South-East Asia, and in the first half of the year, Tanzania achieved a two-fold increase in revenue profits from base revenues: Uzbekistan produced 40 million square metres of castboard production lines per year: a Thai company was set up, and the project is proceeding in an orderly manner.
Waterproofing operations affect corporate cash flows, higher prices of raw materials are higher than expected, and demand boosts are poor