The "One Wing" layout goes further. The North Building (000786) incident: Three-quarterly report 2023. The company realized business income of 170.49 in the first three quarters of 2023.
Billion yuan, or 10.14 per cent increase in the same year; net profit on maternity, 2,756 million yuan, or 17.32 per cent increase in the same year; discounted purchase costs, optimized formulations, and realized reduced efficiency gains, while the Māori rate was slightly reduced in the third quarter of the same quarter but maintained as a whole
Increased labour costs, transportation, and travel costs. The “two-wing” business continues to expand, and company waterproofing and paint performance is expected to improve further: 20 September, New North building materials were announced with an intention to acquire Gabriel's control.
The areas of interior and interior wall paints, industrial paints, exterior heating, waterproof paints, etc. are China’s top 10 paints, and the world’s top 25 paints, with the top five rankings on the top 500 real estate manufacturer’s building paint brand. If the acquisition succeeds, the core competitiveness of new materials in the North and the city’s presence in the paint industry will increase significantly.
In addition, on October 27, the announcement announced that the subsidiary North New Water Protection would buy the remaining 30% of the shareholding of North New Water Protection (Henan) at $110 million, and that once the acquisition is complete, the company’s decision-making will be even more efficient.
Resource allocation will be further optimized. It is expected that future corporate “two-wing” business integration will continue, business standards will expand, adding to corporate performance, and corporate “one-wing” business layout will have the advantage of investment advice: as a leader in the gypsum industry, companies in products, technology, size, brands, camps.
q4 is expected to increase demand for products such as gypsums, waterproof materials, paints, etc. In addition, with the expansion of the company's “paste +” business, the expansion of waterproofing and coating operations, and the optimization of the company's strategy, it is expected that the demand for products such as gypsum boards, waterproof materials, paint etc. will increase.
Three major divisions are expected to continue to develop, looking at the medium- and long-term development prospects of the company.
Table 1: Main financial indicators predict that I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.