Profitability increases, sales inputs increase, costs are strictly controlled, and the Māori rate improves by the same ratio, mainly because of the raw material price dividend (although coal and scrap paper prices have increased since mid-year);2 in the product structure, the share of higher-end products with greater profitability has steadily increased.
At the cost-side, the company further strengthened its lean management at a cost of 12.79 per cent and s01052111008 in the previous three quarters.
Of these, the increase in the sales cost rate was mainly due to labour costs, transportation and travel resulting from the same increase in product sales \triangleright \triangleright
1. The first three quarters report a decrease in the same amount of bad debt losses due from companies in respect of new materials (000786.sz) reported in the year 2022:
In the first three quarters, an asset impairment loss of $12,018 million (compared to $278.65 during the same period last year) was recorded, mainly as a loss of impairment on the part of workers in their homes.
4. Three-quarter reporting points in 2022 for new North building materials (000786.sz) Continuous build-up of asset acquisitions to improve the layout of two-wing operations \triangleright
On 26 October, the company announced its intention to acquire the remaining 30 per cent of the North New Water Protection (Henan) Ltd. 5. New North material (00078.sz) semi-annual 2022 reporting rights, to further improve the efficiency of decision-making and resource allocation in the target company, and to complete the acquisition once it is complete
Review: The gypsum board continues to exercise its right to raise prices, waiting for the “surpository” to be held. Add to the announcement of September 20 about Gabriel’s intended acquisition, the company continues to improve the water and paint industry, and looks at the performance of the company as a result of the follow-up to the two-wing operation.
Investment proposals: We continue to look at the firm's “one-wing” strategy as it progresses steadily, “doing the coatings” to develop the coating wings; the accelerated transformation of the gypsum to “consumable goods”; and the progressive and positive contribution of water-resistant assets.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.