North New Materials (000786).
During the first three quarters of 2023, the company realized operating income of $17,049 million, an increase of 10.4 per cent over the same period; the North was a pioneer in the production of plaster plates in our country; the net profit of the parent company owner was $2,756 million, an increase of 17.32 per cent over the same period, with net withdrawals from the mother.
In industry, the gypsum industry has more than 60 per cent of the market, with a positive profit of $2.708 billion, an increase of 20.22 per cent over the same period, and an ps 1.63 per cent.
Purchase of waterproofing materials, development of waterproofing materials and coatings, two-wing operations, and waterproofing materials are among the top three sectors of the industry.
Key issues for the next 3-6 months are highlighted: model advantages. Corporate operating income and net profit deductions from the back-carriage have continued to grow in the first three quarters of 2023, with increases of 1.30 and 1.06 percentage points in the first three quarters compared to the first half of the year, respectively.
It was the third quarter that continued to see a better growth in corporate sales, improved capacity utilization, and further implemented the principle of “market share preference” in the event of weak demand in the industry, further enhancing the advantages and effectiveness of the scale. The previous three quarters saw a 30.8% increase in the Māori ratio of 0.6 percentage points, an increase of 1.02 percentage points in comparison with the previous three quarters.
The percentage points, in addition to the impact of lower prices for the raw materials of gypsum boards and waterproof materials, the scale-up effects that companies can take advantage of, as well as intelligent manufacturing, have also played a positive role in the cost reduction. With the introduction of the new "man-in-service" model, corporate performance will continue to increase steadily.
There is a foundation for a strong, extended expansion of resistance to risk, which will help companies to grow new. Corporate money and transactions total equity/currenta (million shares) percentage points, 0.31 percentage points lower than in the first half of the year, but the company operates better cash flows, three quarters.
Corporate monetary funds and traded financial assets (structural deposits) amounted to 3,768 million yuan, 26,49 per cent more than the previous year, making it possible for companies to resist risks during low-end periods in the industry and to achieve a more rapid outreach.
(b) In October, plans were made to acquire 30% of the shares of the subsidiary North New Water Protection (Henan) Ltd., to reach a 100% shareholding ratio, and to further the business development strategy of the landing company “One Wing” .
The industry is in a period of historical depression, and companies’ ample cash flow not only enhances their resilience to risk, but also enables them to seize new opportunities and provide the financial base for expansion. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect companies to be classified as net profit shares for their parent companies in 2023-2025.
In the current industry environment, there is a strong resilience to risks, a foundation for extended development, a one-way drive for overseas expansion of the cardboard business, a growing business with both wings, and a strong corporate “recommended” performance.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the new North building materials (000786): there is a basis for a steady increase in performance and an expansion of the extenuating pattern.
East is a source of financial and intellectual growth, East is a source of financial and intellectual growth, North is a new building block (000786).
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East is Zhao's own research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, the specific recommendations or recommendations in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
New North Building Materials (000786). There is a basis for a steady increase in performance and an extended expansion, and there is no guarantee that the information and advice contained will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.