Short-term profits run, domestic and foreign operations are changing, and the group (000333), 2021 semi-annual reviews, 31 August 2021.
Wei Hongmei's collection has been growing faster and short-term profits are under pressure. On a quarterly basis, in 2021, q2, the Department achieved a gross operating income of $91,830 million, an increase of 12.86 per cent over the previous year; and a net return to the mother was 85.40 per cent.
The company’s profit end, with a negative year-on-year growth in q2 in 2021, was dominated by a strong rise in the cost of raw materials upstream of electricity and a appreciation of the renminbi.
Companies still have a leading edge in the home power industry. According to the Ovion Network, the share of the major household appliances in the US in the domestic market rose to varying degrees in the first half of 2021, with the total share of domestic appliances rising significantly, and the share of online and offline markets ranked first in the industry.
First, they reach 37.6% and 36.5% respectively. The Ovi cloud network data show that 14.7% of companies in the domestic market are in second place in the industry; and, in consumer appliances, the company has the highest market share on-line and below-line for cooking, electrical pressure cookers, electric heaters, electromagnetic stoves, electric fans, water kettles.
The company continues to deepen its “user-centred” strategic transformation, continuously promoting the optimization of the entire value chain, and accelerating the diffusion of intelligent landscape products and services, including homerooms, balconys, kitchens, baths, etc.
Innovative product development, pilot platform research, key component research, differential selling point layout, and underlying performance enhancement: building a global product platform to build technological leadership through global product cluster development. As of June 2021, there were eight national enterprise technology centres and industrial design centres in the United States.
The country continues to deepen its channels of change and strengthen its localization operations abroad. (1) At the domestic level, companies drive direct retail changes, and now more than 90 per cent of retail retailers of the bottom-up system can choose directly from the United States.
At the same time, the company has re-integrated the internal sales of the relevant product department to promote horizontal agreements and efficiency gains. On the other hand, the company has accelerated the integration of the online and off-line markets to meet user needs and use.
Households experience the transformation of retail trade, constantly redesigning and matching market retail operations to build end-to-end retail users. (2) Offshore: companies actively develop global supply synergies, strengthen off-shore local operations, optimize local supply chains, promote product globalization and regionalization, overseas operations
More than 200 countries and territories in North America, South America, Europe, Asia, Africa, Oceania. In the first half of 2021, the United States launched a global breakthrough strategy at the crossroads of the United States, Brazil, Germany, Japan, and ASEAN, creating a dedicated overseas branding fund; and promoting overseas market access to retail sales.
The end shift has led to the creation of more than 18,000 new overseas retail outlets; and to the acceleration of cross-border power suppliers, focusing on inter-American and European markets, and the positioning of the world’s mainstream power suppliers. The Kuka orders have grown dramatically, and the Chinese market robotics have expanded further.
The recovery in performance was marked by an increase of nearly 30% in the number of orders received, an increase of 15.5% in the amount of revenue, and a loss of Euro8.2 million at the end of the performance. According to the financial statements for the first half of 2021, the country’s business orders in Kuka grew by more than 40% in the same year, sales revenue by nearly 100% in the same year, and all operations in Kuka.
The fastest increase was recorded in China. While maintaining its leading position in the area of motor vehicles, Kuka has significantly increased the ratio of orders to shipments in the electronics, machinery, arcs, and lasers industries, which increased by more than 80% in the first half of the year. In addition, Kuka has actively assisted American groups in upgrading their intellectual manufacturing levels, as of July 2021.
In the month, US robots have been used with a density of more than 320 units per 10,000 people, an increase of about 33% from 2020 levels, and are planning to reach the target of 5.3 million by 2023.
The Department of Enterprise, the Department of Robots and Automation, and the Global Group on Technology, the five major business units of digital innovation, insist on product innovation, diversified business layout, and strong combined competition. The pre-rated rating system's “market index” reference is 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.