The Sini Mountain Billion, the beautiful group, the multi-dimensional extension of corporate business, and the consolidation of the company's leading position.
The company achieved a gross operating income of $174.85 billion in the first half of 2021, with growth and growth in the \triangleright double-line market, direct change to increase the efficiency of the channel 21h1, US electricity vendor sales
\triangleright continues at more than 45%, and there is further acceleration of integration between the online and offline markets.
The market share is the highest in the industry (37.6%) and below the line (36.5%). The company actively embraces the new course of business.
Highest/lowest in the year: New channels such as tremors, fast-handeds, etc. are ranked first on the sales list. Through direct retail changes, companies do not have a share/total share capital in circulation (billions):
“vertical efficiency enhancement” off-line channels, more than 90 per cent of the under-line exclusive distribution system retailer market share market value (billions): may be purchased directly from the United States, initially to achieve agent-to-operator transition targets, through
The business model has been transformed, the United States stock levels have been optimized, and there has been a 20 per cent decline in the stock ratio. Corporate cost savings have been effective, and operating capacity has steadily increased the Māori ratio of 21h1 companies. 28 research centres have been set up, developing a global R & D network of 2+4+n, and research and development.
The company is actively developing Tob because of heating and building control, robotics and automation,
Central China, 28 Sinrich Street, Beijing City West Side, industrial automation, energy management, new-energy car parts, seven floors of the inter-firm center.
The U.S. warmth and buildings were the first solutions to integrate intelligent architecture, the Shanxi Securities Company, the country's product plate, in the Wisdom Track, the Smart Hospital, the Data Centre, the Smart Park, etc.
In 2020, America’s corporate income from Tob operations reached tens of billions. Tob’s operations were profitable, the business portfolio was well-developed, and the future would be one of the major directions in the development of the public sector. The company’s engineering operations grew by more than the same amount in the first half of the year.
\triangleright colmo has been on the market since 2019, and in the first half of 21st year, kolmo has published all of this.
The suite, consisting of 12 full-scale products such as empty ice washings, stoves, gas heaters and ovens, has now formed four large series of blancs, Turing, volution, avant, covering a full-scale view of the four main scenes of living well, washing well, kitchen wells and baths.
At the end of the channel, over 300 full-class study halls and 15 body labs were built in the first half of the year, with a cumulative domestic layout of nearly 7,000 shops and web sites. During the period of 6.18, Colmoal home power sales increased by 191% over the same period.
The refrigerators and washing machines are on-line/underline, with the first-largest share in the washing machine class. Continuous global integration to enhance the use of overseas localization for beauty multi-brand \triangleright \triangleright
The US has moved from a traditional China-based model of global and overseas supplementation to a new China-based model of global and regional supply.
The United States has a strategic agreement with a number of logistics firms to guarantee the stability of containerized, end-to-end logistics supply chains. In the first half of the year, the company’s overseas operations earned $57.515 billion, compared to +19.6%, and the Māori rate was 22.23% (4.29 ptt).
Increased competition in the \triangleright market, high price volatility of raw materials and stronger real estate regulation.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.