United States group (000333) household appliances b-end, c-end business and development with strong online channels leading to the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
This represents an increase of 25.1 per cent over the same period; a net return of 15.1 billion yuan over the same period, an increase of 7.8 per cent; a net gain of 146.4 billion yuan over the same period, an increase of 8.8 per cent over the same quarter, q2 companies achieved an increase of 91,833 million yuan over the same period, an increase of 12.9 per cent; and a net return of 8,544 million yuan over the same period, a decrease of 6.3 per cent over the same period, a decrease of 2019h1.
Corporate revenue grew by 13.3 per cent, with net profit from parentage falling by 1.2 per cent, and robotics improved significantly in the run-up to end- and end-c operations. After the epidemic, the domestic electricity industry recovered steadily, with companies growing steadily with technological advantages, channel advantages, supply chain advantages, and product advantages.
Sub-operation (1) During the reporting period, companies achieved 76.4 billion yuan in heating and air conditioning, an increase of 19.3 per cent over the same period, of which the overall share of domestic air-conditioning products increased significantly, with the market share on-line and off-line ranking being the first in the industry at 37.6 per cent and 36.5 per cent, respectively. (2) Companies generated 64.9 billion yuan in consumer appliances, same as in the previous reporting period.
This represents a 22.5 per cent increase, with a steady increase in refrigerators, small household electricity, etc. (3) Robotic automation systems and other manufacturing industries yielding revenue of 12.7 billion yuan, an increase of 33.2 per cent over the same period, mainly in the subsidiary Cook Islands, where China accounted for nearly 10 per cent of the purchase orders/sale revenues in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, business on-line grew strongly, with companies selling 52 billion dollars on the Internet, an increase of more than 20% over the same period. Among them, platforms such as Skycat, Kyundong, Suning, etc. were first in nine consecutive years; new channels such as multiple, shivering, fast-handed, and so forth were also able to achieve new sales and growth.
In the first half of 2021, the United States was established at the crossroads of the United States, Brazil, Germany, Japan, and ASEAN to achieve a global breakthrough, and overseas markets performed well. Overseas markets achieved 73.9 billion yuan, a 19.6 per cent increase over the reporting period.
During the reporting period, the combined Māori rate for companies was 23.2%, a decrease of 2.3 pp. In the short term, the price of bulk raw materials such as copper and steel and the shortage of manufacturing chips were among the reasons.
But companies are also active in dealing with raw material price increases by pushing up prices, transforming channels, improving intelligent supply chains, and so on. On the cost side, the cost of company sales is 9.3%, an increase of 0.3 pp, and the management cost is 5.5%, a decrease.
High-end colmo continued to grow, and the market share of high-end ice, washing, and empty high-end products increased significantly. During the reporting period, the oolmo registered revenues of more than $1.55 billion, an increase of 380%. According to the Ovi Clouds Network (retail dimensions), Colmo is empty ice washed in high-end markets.
There has been a significant increase in market access, with air conditioning (unit price > 13,000) below the line reaching 22.5%, up by 2 pp. We believe that higher competitiveness of high-end products demonstrates the superiority of the United States in terms of technology accumulation, diversion, and intelligent supply chains.
United States Group (000333): Repurchases completed in August of the year amounting to $8.6 billion/$50 billion respectively, and a total of $13.6 billion in the current year, reflecting the pre-occupation of the city of the class (2021-04-30)
The company’s confidence in its future development and the safeguarding of shareholders’ rights and interests are well run, and the branding of the channel industry continues to advance, maintaining its “buy-in” rating.
No compensation of any kind will be obtained, directly or indirectly, for reasons other than their own (2020-11-01), nor for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.