Americian conglomerates (000333.sz) Air conditioners are strong, and q2 net profits continue to grow at a consistent rate as domestic markets recover further and exports continue to be strong.
The group achieved business income of $17,447 million, an increase of 25.14 per cent over the same period. The net profit is, in our view, a second negative increase in net profits of the company in the second quarter, mainly due to the following three factors: (i) total turnover, influenced by the prevailing industry environment
(c) In the context of the promotion of straight-line policies, some of the agent costs are borne by headquarters, combined with the impact of the rising shipping costs, and the sales of companies, by category: the operating income from heating and air conditioning amounted to $76,408 million.
This represents an increase of 19.33%. The company's original core product, HAC, is ranked first on the line, with 36.5% and 37.6%, respectively, of consumer appliances recovery, increased industrial automation inputs from downstream customers, and changes in its own efficiency.
Ge, the operating income for robotics was $12,590 million, an increase of 32.20% over the same period in 2020, when the number of new business opportunities for sub-brand cards increased by the same amount.
50% rainvxy (microsign) and the share of new client orders raised to 15%.
Zhou Xiaolong, “vertical efficiency enhancement”, more than 90% of the U.S. S. retailers can get to U.S. eziochou (micro signal)
Direct purchase of singles has resulted in a steady improvement in the U.S. overall stock level, with a 20 per cent reduction in the ratio of stock to stock; the company's precision is applied to the consumer consumption scene, with more than 2,550 flagship shops distributed at the district and county levels, and more than 8,320 overstocks built at the township and township levels.
Classes, 220, 550, and 5320 more than in the same period in 2020, continue to sink. On 31 August 2021, the American Group disclosed that the company was in the pipeline.
The net profit was 1,521.6 million yuan, an increase of 8.17 per cent. Of this amount, companies q2, operating income growth was robust, q2, net profit growth was negative for two years in a row, and, as domestic markets recovered further and exports continued to be strong, the US group achieved operating income of $17.447 billion.
The net profit was $8,647 million, a 6.59 per cent decline in the same year, and the net profit for the second quarter of a two-year period. In our view, the company ' s net profit for the second quarter has again increased negatively, mainly for three reasons: (1) the overall business income growth has been relatively slow, influenced by the prevailing industry environment.
Data from the Information Centre's semi-annual report on the electricity sector for the middle of 2021 show that during the second quarter of my country's electricity industry, retail sales accumulated $21,633 million, a decline of 1.33 per cent over the same period. Among these, air-conditioning products were affected by weather effects, copper aluminium, and other raw materials, and resumed sales were frustrated this year, with an increase in the first half of the year but still far from pre-epidemis.
Despite the fact that the company's growth has won over the same period, the industry's leading business is still inevitably subject to changes in the industry environment (2) The company's main raw materials have increased significantly, raising the company's operating costs. Prices of copper, steel, aluminium, plastic, etc. have increased to a certain extent at all levels. Average copper prices in the Gwangjiang colour market were 70572.50 in April-June 2021.
(3) In the context of the promotion of straight-line policies, some of the agent costs are borne by headquarters, and the impact of the increase in shipping costs has been compounded by a marked increase in the cost of company sales. The company’s sales costs in the second quarter amounted to $8,784 million, an increase of 25,95 per cent over the same period in 2020, which is higher than the growth in operating income during the same period.
We believe that, as diversified operations, such as company robotics, move forward, and raw materials, such as copper, stabilize, the net profits of companies are expected to continue to improve in the second half of the year. Secondly, the air-conditioning pole is strong, and robotics are growing well.
America’s adherence to the four strategic axes, with technology at its core, has led to a parallel development of the Tob and Toc operations, which has contributed to a double qualitative shift in the country’s business with overseas operations. By category, HAC revenue has reached 76,408 million yuan, a 19.33% increase. The company’s original HAC sub-line and on-line markets have been ranked first, at 36.5%, respectively.
And 37.6% of sub-line domestic air-conditioning (HAC) cities have increased from second to first in 2020, further consolidating their leadership position. Compared to the robust growth of HAC, the company’s consumer appliances and robotics have grown relatively fast, and the business has gone hand-in-hand with the company’s business development.
As a result of the global economic recovery, the increase in industrial automation inputs from downstream clients, and changes in efficiency, operating income from robotics reached $12,590 million, an increase of 32.20 per cent over the same period in 2020. Sub-brands, the number of new business opportunities for Kuka, increased by nearly 50 per cent compared to the previous year, and the share of new customer orders increased to 15 per cent.
At the same time, orders from the Kuka electronics, machinery, arc welds and lasers sectors were proportionally higher than exports in the first half of the year than in the overseas markets, and the United States launched a global breakthrough strategy in the first half of 2021, using the United States, Brazil, Germany, Japan and ASEAN as entry points, continued to improve the layout of overseas channels, with users at the centre, moving overseas market channels towards retail terminals.
More than 18,000 new overseas retail outlets have been added, providing strong support for the growth of subsequent sales. Companies' overseas operations recorded revenue of 73,959 million yuan, an increase of 19.61 per cent over the previous year.
At the end of the pipeline, through direct retailing changes, companies are constantly pushing the “vertical efficiency up” of the offline channel, where more than 90 per cent of U.S. retailers can buy directly from the U.S., allowing U.S. stock levels to continue to be optimized and the ratio to be reduced by 20 per cent; as the impact of the epidemic diminishes, U.S. electricity suppliers continue to have a sales ratio of more than 45 per cent, compared to the same period in 2020.
But there is a clear trend towards greater integration of the whole line with the underline market, with companies building direct access to end retail users around the level and characteristics of the different channels and changes in user demand and purchasing patterns. Specifically, it can be divided into two levels below the line: (1) below the line, the company is cutting accurately into the user’s consumption scene.
In addition, companies continued to raise the number of multi-purpose stores in rural and urban markets, with more than 8,320 more than 220, 550 and 5320 more than the same period in 2020.
In the first half of 2021, engineering was able to grow by more than 60% on the same basis; (2) on the line, the United States sold more than $52 billion, or more than 20% on the same line, and in the mainstream, such as Kyoto, Skycat, Suning and others, the power vendor platform remained in the lead for nine years. In addition, new channels such as multiple, tremors, fast hands, etc. were quickly distributed.
Since 2018, America’s groups have been promoting a variety of brands for different user groups, including high-end brands, colmo, Internet brands, and young brands, such as lasagna. Of these, Colmo brands have built more than 300 full products at the end of their channels.
The comb hall and 15 study halls have now accumulated nearly 7,000 shops and sites in the domestic market, adding 4,000 to the same period in 2020. Colmo's operating income in the first half of the year amounted to $1.55 billion, an increase of 380%. According to Ovi cloud monitoring data, colmo's air conditioners, hangers, water purification machines, washing machines, dishwashers occupied the market at high prices below the line for the first five months of this year.
There has been a marked increase, with over 30 per cent of the market share under air-conditioning cabinets at a unit cost of $15,000 or more. The report is based on publicly available information considered reliable by the billion Han think tank, which includes, but is not limited to, a variety of means such as corporate publicity, residential sector websites, Internet access, but which does not guarantee the complete accuracy and completeness of the information contained.
Complete. For reasons of time and calibre, the content referred to in this report may differ from the actual situation of the enterprise, for which the hundreds of millions of Han think tanks are subject to change without special notice. The purpose of this report is to provide an impartial and objective response to the business situation.
An opinion does not constitute any recommendation to any institution or individual. Any body or individual should consider whether any of the observations or recommendations in this report is in its particular state and, if necessary, should seek expert advice. The information, tools, opinions contained in this report and the property rights in this report are in the possession of the Ghim think tank. A body or person other than the Ghren think tank transmits or quotes any part of this report.