Three-quarter reviews in 2023: short-term exposure to currency exchange at profit ends, research assistant Wettinger Keywords: #New Products, New Technologies, New Clients #Explosion
In the first three quarters of 2023, the company realized 6.3 billion yuan, or +7 per cent, in the second quarter of 2023, and 1.75 billion yuan in the net profit of the mother.
The single q3 company achieved $1.9 billion, compared to 7%, and the mother ' s net profit was $480 million, a decline in demand. In the first three quarters of 2023, sales in the excavator industry fell by 26% by the same time, and companies still had a significant Alpha against the industry by increasing their share and diversifying.
Foreign exchange gains were high, at 170 million in the last three quarters of the year, and at only 120 million in the same period of the year, with a 15% increase in profits in the third quarter of the single, net of exchange gains and losses. Māori has remained stable overall, and there has been a slight increase in the cost of market expansion and the strengthening of reserves of personnel.
▪ Four major ongoing projects are about to be released, and the prospects for corporate growth are promising. Companies are a source of scarce hydraulics in the country, and the technology accumulates. As diversification and internationalization strategies move forward,
Delivery, yield value of 1.7 billion yuan, expected to increase the share of engineering machinery hydraulics abroad, smoothing down the cycle of sales. (2) Super heavy tank project: expected production of 2023q4 at a yield value of 200 million yuan. (3) General: expected production of q2 in 2024 at a yield value of 2.1 billion yuan.
We measure the size of the domestic silk pole plus track market in 2021 at about 12.8 billion yuan, the technical barriers are high, and national production is high.
The demand will continue to rise. The company will continue to benefit from the release of its capacity. In addition, on 30 October 2023, the government reported that performance was as expected and that diversity did not exceed $2 billion, within which the board would not consider individual financing separately and would increase.
Efficient financing, which provides a financial base for medium-term business expansion.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd. has become eligible for portfolio investment consultancy.