The q3 Mäori ring ratio has improved significantly, and the fund-raising project has continued to advance with net profit of $475 million, a decrease of 31.41% from the same year. In the context of overall demand pressure in the industry, corporate performance has met expectations. Revenues have been influenced by industry demand, and the q3 Mäori ratio has improved. According to the Chinese Association of Engineering and Mechanics, overall sales of excavators in January-September of this year.
The same-year decline of 25.7 per cent, with single-month sales falling by more than 25 per cent over the same period in July-September. However, the company continues to optimize its product structure, with non-digging products in areas such as seaworks, high-altitude platforms, and the overall revenue performance clearly outperformed the industry. The company’s Māori sales rate was 40.19 per cent in the first three quarters of 2023, a decline of 0.1 pct over the same period; of this, the Māori rate was 42.96 per cent in the third quarter of q3, an increase in the same year.
The increase in promotional fees, the increase in the total number of employees, the increase in depreciation costs, and other factors such as the exchange rate of the United States dollar have led to a similar increase in financial costs plus 0.6 pct. The research and development cost rate is still high, at 7.96%, reflecting a commitment to business expansion and high-end product development.
Cash flows from construction and investment activities have increased significantly. As of the third quarter, the company was working on 810 million yuan, a substantial increase of 94.9% over the same period, mainly as a result of increased investment in Mexican projects, linear drive projects, and megacylinder projects.
In Shanghai, China, and Changzhou, China, four major R&D centres have been set up, and Europe, the United States, Japan, India, and Indonesia have been established to sell overseas services. Mexican factories are expected to start production in the fourth quarter of 2023, opening up future overseas business space.
In addition, a breakthrough has been achieved in the area of smart control, control devices, power handles, and the bulk supply of products such as electric foot-steps. Company, Stun-up Hydraulic Pressure (601,100): The Linear Drive Project, which is expected to be operational in q2 in 2024, will help to break down the hard work of electric cylinders and roller wire poles.
Eye, net profit growth from hydraulic taps - According to the company's pre-advertisement estimates, the project was completed with an estimated average annual sales income of $2,096 million for the normal post-partum year.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific proposals or views expressed in this report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.