The time of the greatest pressure has passed.
On the evening of 30 October, the company revealed a 23-year tri-quarter report: a return of $6.34 billion, compared to 1, weak demand in the excavator market and a focus on non-diggered areas. The engineering and machinery industry continued its downward trend, domestic demand continued to fall, and exports contracted further. According to Chinese engineering machines,
1. “Standard hydraulic pressure for 23 years at mid-point: through cycle, non-digger areas continued, 30 per cent lower than in the same year, of which 17,000 were sold domestically, 41 per cent lower than in the same period, and exports.
2. Stereotyping Hydraulic Pressure Assessment: Performance in line with expectations, diversity + internationalization strategy, active expansion of new markets and new product types, through cycles. Medium- and Large-Dwelling Continuous Progress, 2023.4.25.
The share of the excavator pump valves continues to rise, and the share of the domestic and foreign market continues to rise significantly; slide loads 3. Rigid Pressure Depth Report: Through Cycles, New Downstreams, New Products Support.
New March, 2023.1.17.2 The Māori rate has returned to a historically high level, with lower than expected profits due to exchange losses, compared to 9 pc, mainly due to three-quarter exchange losses.
3. Performance has reached the point where the potential for medium- and long-term growth is better. Engineering and machinery needs are at the bottom of construction. In terms of downstream demand, several cities around the country have been optimizing their real estate policies since the last four quarters, and are expected to continue to benefit from downstream construction and property policies.
Well, the internal needs of engineering machinery are expected to pick up gradually. With the decline in the company's dredging industry and the rise in the company's non-digging earnings, Alpha is strong, hydraulics open the agricultural and high machine markets and grow through the cycle.
Year after year, the Auxiliary Company became the head of the national production chain, leading the process of domestic high-end styling nationalization and opening up the space for company growth.
The downwind is not as good as expected; the development of new products is not progressing as expected.