Europa (603833.sh) Double growth pole model established that growth will be strong in the future Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
Industry optimizes the rate of market gain (multiple) Development strategies and targets are clear, and the two-brand growth pole model is sustainable. Companies refer to the core development strategy as a “three-horse” and “three-horse” or “one-car” or “one-car” or “end-of-pipe” or “one-car” or “one-car”.
Through the implementation of the core strategy, the company wants to create a comprehensive service provider in the domestic domestic area, with an integrated design, one-stop selection, and a package of services. At the end of last year, the company will launch a brand-new “Operry” and a brand-precision medium- and low-end rejuvenation in the consumer sector.
In the next three years, there are plans to create 1,200 new shops throughout the country, accelerating the formation of a two-brand pyramid model. “Operry” is not only a reserve for corporate performance growth, but also a strategic reserve. We believe that the launch of the brand is in line with the current upturn in consumption and the emergence of young consumers.
On the other hand, relying on the company’s existing competitive resources, “Opery” has a pre-competitive advantage over other cabinet brands, and “Eurasian” and “Operani” will have an interactive client orientation.
The company understands "one-stop" as an integrated solution service supply for furniture plus domestics. And the “one-stop” service capacity, end-market upgrading, and
At the end of the product: the company will continue to produce customized products for the upgrading of the product of the "house for all" strategy, while furniture such as tiles, floors and couches will be used to integrate the product through collaboration with enterprises such as the Togang Ceramic and the House of Homes.
In addition to the extension of the product line, the company has almost completed the construction of its four production bases and will begin planning its fifth largest by the end of the year.
At present, the company's four main production bases are built around digitization, informatization, and intelligence, with the capacity to support the company's strategy of “house for all” development. At the end of the spectrum: the company will optimize the existing channels and create a new “house for all” exclusive distribution network.
The company currently owns 3,331 distributors throughout the country, allowing it to maintain close cooperation with distributors through continuous concessions. For the existing channels, the company plans to optimize through end-of-equity conversion.
In the short term, the company will work to strengthen the existing “all-house” shop.
Business activity, raising client order conversion rates, and large single-value revenue growth. Medium- and long-term companies will continue to push for the opening of a new "all-you-go" shop, but the strategy will be to keep the new shop secure.
It's not going to be very fast in the future, so it's going to be more profitable. It's going to be informative: "Big-to-box mail to the public in charge of financial investment letters to the public for the purpose of reporting the home" is capable of maximizing a single value, but because of its large investment, it leads to business risk.
Therefore, the promotion of the corporate “one-house” strategy requires sufficient orders to reduce the risk of high incomes. Informationalization can achieve full process synergy, improve the efficiency of the intra-enterprise links, and will lead to an unlimited flow of “one-house” flows.
“Informationization” will be the fourth largest competitive advantage of the company. Based on the three core competitive advantages of product manufacturing, branding influence, and end-marketing, the company has developed into the largest market value and highest income in the current area of custom furniture.
So, after being listed, the company plans to invest around $100 million a year in upgrading the information system and turning it into a company.
The company is now starting to build a unified design platform, order table, manufacturing platform, and to optimize and plan the original information system. The company expects the new information system to be online in October.
Informationization, as a central barrier to modern furniture companies, requires substantial investment. And companies push for “one-stop-shop” strategies that can effectively cover the flow of information through “one-stop” and “integrated” services.
Cost and development costs. In summary, “household-to-house” and information are mutually reinforcing, information is translated into “large-home” efficiency gains, income scale-up, and “house-to-house” can address the pains of massive investment in information-building and reduce corporate financial pressure. So, let's see, companies are “house-to-house” battles.
A slight boost and an upgrading of information-based construction, an increase in the size of the future overall income, and an increase in profitability over the year determined that production base construction was largely complete and medium- and long-term growth was sufficient. We expect that income growth would remain above 20 per cent for the whole year 2017, and net profit growth would remain above 30 per cent.
On the other hand, the company began construction of the Tianjin and tin-free plants prior to their listing, and the capital is now complete. The ipo fund-raising will be a strong complement to corporate cash flows, and it will be in the middle.
Long-term development provides a good financial reserve. Moreover, the construction of the company’s production base is now basically operational in the year when it began. So, we believe that the planned fifth largest production base of the company’s production base at the end of this year will begin around the fourth quarter of next year and will add to the growth of the company’s performance after 2019.
Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. Given the company’s overall capacity in ipo-listed expanded closets, the company has continued to improve the “house-to-house” industry, and has promoted wooden door and sub-brand business. New performance growth is extremely positive. Risk of macroeconomic fluctuations; risk of rising cost of raw materials; and income growth in “house-to-house” shops is not as high as expected.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market and then the average calculation of the final rating as the average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.