The pharmaceutical industry has grown in double digits and the quality of its operations has steadily improved.
The pharmaceutical industry has achieved double-digit growth, rising revenue ratios, and increased corporate Māori ratios. Companies have continued to focus on core products, optimizing industrial structures, and 25h1 industries have earned $8.504 billion.
By 11.13 per cent, by 40.01 per cent, by 3 pc, by 67.93 per cent. Sub-operations □ chingpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn, 1) the drug industry earns $4.75 billion, an increase of 10.8 per cent.
Aerosol sales revenue exceeded 1,453 million yuan, a significant increase of 20.9% over the same year; Yunnan white paste, capsules, Band-Aids, and dispersants all increased significantly. Other brands of Chinese medicine: Xenjiang, Xen Li, Xiang Li, Xiang Li, Xi, Xiang Li, Xi, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xi, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, X, Xi, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X,
For millions of dollars, the flat-land blue anti-inflammation tablets earn nearly $100 million, and the blood clots have grown significantly. Plant supplementation, gas and physiolyses, earns $202 million, an increase of 116.2 per cent, compared to that of 116.2 per cent.
In the first place, the amount of income generated by the foster care products was 217 million yuan, representing an increase of 11 per cent in the same year. 3) In the case of Chinese medicine resources 914 million yuan, representing an increase of 6.3 per cent in the same year. 4) In the case of medicine, 12,164 million yuan, representing a net profit of 351 million yuan, an increase of 17.75 per cent in the same year.
In the short, medium and long term, new products are on the market, with two cards on the Chinese medicine plus the innovative medicine. 1) In the short term, full effort has been made to develop secondary innovations and rapid drug development for the various varieties listed on the market. 16 of the Chinese drug varieties are currently being developed, and 37 projects have been implemented. Of these, clinical studies on the improvement of heart and blood-vascular health have been completed cumulatively.
109 patient data collection, statistical analysis completed, and summary report submitted. The uterine hemoglobin capsule completed a multi-centre rct clinical study to reduce the effectiveness and safety of post-abortion haemorrhaging. 2) In the medium term, intensive efforts are being made to develop innovative Chinese medicine and to continue building the Yunnan Phenomenon Star product.
All 704 cases were included in the group. All 15 research centres for the completion of the ii clinical phase of the ii have started with 180 cases in the group. Flubilofen gel paste has been revised for consistency and formulation-related evaluation, and the Lossolofen sodium gel paste project has been notified of clinical trials and the formulation-related evaluation has been synchronized for the long term.)
At the heart of the drug are several innovative drugs. Inr101 is used to detect suspicious prostate cancers on the pet/ct image. A clinical batch was obtained in May 2024. The I/iia clinical summary report was completed in November. The results show excellent stability and safety of the product.
Inr102 was used to treat patients with transient detoxification against prostate cancer, i-Clinical Research Centre has been launched, iit has completed 12 cases of patient grouping and delivery. Investment advice: the company is a Chinese drug leader in the country with a clear medium- to long-term layout and a strong strategy in recent years.
[Galactic Medicines] Company rating: Yunnan Pharmacy (000538.sz) corresponds to 19/18/17x and maintains a “recommended” rating.
2. [Galaxy] company review report _ Yunnan White (000538.sz): high growth in core products and the risk of companies sustaining production at a slower pace than expected; the risk of higher raw material prices affecting the product ' s Māori rate; and a collection of reduced prices
[Galactic Medicine] company review report _ Yunnan Pharmacy (000538.sz): This report is presented independently and objectively with a commitment to a diligent and professional approach. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
Song Liqiang, a Master of Public Health from the University of Gangan, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2024, with in-depth research in the areas of Chinese medicine, biological products, and the chain of innovative medicine industries. This report is made available to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.