Eastern wealth (300359), basic improvements, and a new cycle of profit growth are about to begin, highly recommended (first).
The basic improvements have come to a major turning point, the companies have formally cut into the technology coupons business profit model, the companies have returned net profit of $458 million to their mothers in the first three quarters of 2017, and we estimate that the fourth quarter of 2017, a single quarter, is growing. The business performance improvement certification company has already reached a major turning point, the foundation of the fund generation.
The market shocks of the marketing business are largely absorbed, the high growth of the securities business covers the decline in fund sales, and companies are formally cut from e-commerce into the profit model of technology coupons. The securities business income is rapidly flowing, with a new one-stop Internet financial platform and a new cycle of profit growth opening.
In recent years, companies have been trying to expand and actively plan the distribution of public funds, insurance agents, microloans, letters, etc.
With a larger increase in growth, the total cost of a company’s operations increased significantly, leading to net profits in 2017, an overall growth rate for the company was higher than the cost increase, and the company would start a new cycle of profit growth. Strong users would be sticky to low-cost conductors, and the Internet securities model would be validated.
As the best-growing technology coupon dealer, Eastern wealth is low-cost with strong user sticky, with thousands of daily coverage far higher than other financial websites of the same kind, and the school terminal, with 8.86 million days of independent use, is much higher than the number of traditional ticketer apps.
At the same time, the market share of stock exchanges in corporate securities has not been the fastest-growing broker in the years since. - The technology dividend plate has been passed, focusing on smart driving and finance.
Science and Technology 2018,103 Eastern Wealth (300359). Eastern Wealth (300359).
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City