Capital replenishment of information technology software and services, over-performance of a quarter, positive growth trends: recent company reports 2017 and performance forecasts for the first quarter of 2018.
Profit of $6.36, a 10.77 per cent decrease over the same period; the company expects to fully support the development of the securities business in the first quarter of 2018 within the company's internal resources, while the user size and market share continue to increase to 2017 when the company prioritized its internal resources to support the development of the securities business, resulting in a broad range of issues
The performance of business and financial data operations fell by 20 per cent over the same period, but the positive effect on securities operations was evident, with the market share of Eastern securities brokering having risen by 0.67 percentage points in 2017 and by 0.51 percentage points in performance terms.
The net profit achieved in 2017 was $653 million, an increase of 78 per cent over the previous year. Fund sales increased significantly, with companies expected to outperform our previous expectations of $250 million in the first quarter of 2018.
The total market value/flow (millions of yuan) is cost-effective and, against a background of robust market share growth, securities operations are on par with each other, with comparative fund sales rates higher than General Fund sales rates, resulting in financial electricity.
Sub-business revenue is expected to increase significantly from the year to year, with supermarket expectations. It is evident that growth trends are positive.
Without worrying about the impact of the Internet giants on companies, the company's main rivals are now the Eastern Wealth (300059), the Eastern Wealth-Soldier, but compared to the traditional coupons, the company is at the flow entrance, information technology and strategy implementation.
There is a clear advantage in the ability of the markets to recover, and therefore the market share of the company’s future bond dealers will rise further. Moreover, as the economies of scale show and the efficiency of financial management improves, the company’s profitability will increase.
Investment proposal: maintain the “buy-in” rating. Adjust the company's net profit in 2018/19 to the certificate code: Institute
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.