Successfully converted retail securities, performance point established.
East Asian securities brokers + two-folded performance in a quarter, opening up future high-growth space: the company expects a significant increase of 170-200 per cent in the performance of 2018q1 on a year-on-year basis, with the core driving force being 0.53 per cent at the end of the Eastern securities industry, and the market balance rising to a trillion-dollar level.
The firm's performance has met expectations, but high elastic performance has increased faster than expected, showing, on the one hand, that the light-asset Internet brokering model combines low commission rates with profits, and, on the other hand, that the previous period, “credit industry” s0605050002
Low-cost debt can raise the spread of capital intermediation, and the company’s long-term growth path is opening. Income structure has changed again, with a significant upturn in equity business + fund sales are expected to pick up significantly: the company’s share of revenue has fallen to 33.2%, with a stronger and more diversified income structure centred on bond dealers.
In terms of sales of the Fund, the volume of sales of the Fund was $412.4 billion in 2017, an increase of 34.7 per cent over the same period (of which the sales of “remote treasures” increased by 31.2 per cent to $242.4 billion over the same period), but the sales of the Fund, the sales of large Internet funds such as evangelization, and a decrease in sales rates.
In addition, the company is expected to increase the sales of the 2018q1 fund on a year-on-year basis, which is one of the driving forces behind the crutches of performance. Retail wealth management leads, deep-drawing vertical areas and flow advantages constitute long-term competitiveness: I
In the long run, companies are expected to build a wealth management platform that focuses on the middle class, and to build a well-developed web-based wealth biosphere. Since 2013, companies have developed successive fund sales and voucher sales to realize liquidity, and both rounds of strategic transformation have significantly improved the performance hub, followed by projections.
The company will gain further access to the funds management, insurance agents, etc., and the financial layout will be improved. With the rise of fiscal awareness among residents in recent years, the importance of financial asset allocation has grown.
Good financial license advantages, as well as experience, data, customer and brand advantages accumulated by long-term deep-deeping in the financial and economic field, serve as a leading wealth management platform with a focus on retail ends. Investment advice: companies as the most growing coupons + leaders in retail wealth management, short-term brokers,
Two-fold operations bring high performance elasticity points, long-term reliance on flow, data, license plates, branding, 1 Eastern wealth: spot evaluation in 2017 - market environmental impact performance, coupons against business
A net profit of $14.37 million and $2.311 billion for ps 0.34 and 0.54 dollars, respectively.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board