Business readjustments have started, shared dividends are released, and on 13th of August 2020, research assistant Yao Kuo-hwa
Yaojh@dwzq.com.cn The incident: On 12 August, China United announced the mid-year 2020 report, with a revenue of 15.4 billion yuan in 20 years ' total h1, an increase of 3.8 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net return profit of 3.344 billion yuan, an increase of 10.9 per cent in the same year;
From the income-side perspective, moving arpu values and operating income have recovered steadily, from the income-side perspective.
In a single quarter, 02 achieved income from mobile main camp operations of $38.8 billion, an increase of 2.91 per cent over the 01 ring ratio; income from main battalion operations rebounded from year to year; the q2arpu value was raised to $41.8, an increase of 4 per cent over the q1 ring. On the cost side, the cost of H1 sales fell by $2.58 billion in 2020.
With accelerated construction, improved network infrastructure, improved end penetration and the landing of 5g innovative applications, the growth rate of 5g users will accelerate in the second half of the year, leading to steady progress in the construction of the network of operators arpu and the main business  5g, with significant co-construction advantages: in terms of capital spending spending progress,
H1 capital expenditure on 5g in 2020 was approximately $12.6 billion, or 36% of the capital spending schedule for the beginning of the year (a total of $35 billion). Spectrum resource sharing, accelerated construction of base stations, cost savings, combined with 2.1 ghz frequency, software upgrade of 4 g base stations, saving up on the previous period.
On the basis of this expenditure, we reduce the cost of running the later towers, network maintenance, electricity, etc. We expect that, with the current capital spending situation, China's connecting base stations will be able to seize 5g opportunities and accelerate innovative business development: Deep Farm 2c, speed up the expansion of 2b operations: 2c
Quality improved significantly, benefiting 5g dividends, market, dynamic 5g market, in line with the progress of 5g network building and mobile phone supply, while continuing to look forward to steady growth in future performance
End prices continue to decline and become widely available, with a rhythmical and targeted promotion of the 5g package, which accelerates the growth of 5g users. In terms of innovation, 5g+vertical sector applications are actively fostered, 2 and China Connect (600050).
New developments to promote the integration of innovative business and basic business with cloud-plus web-smart applications. 2020 Structural optimization, increased profitability, increased growth in business growth by 36 per cent in industry Internet operations compared to 36 per cent in the previous year.
Wind 5gn sails, and future performances are steadily rising, with the result that “traditional plus innovation” benefits simultaneously, 1.h1 is the leading industry in terms of growth in performance and significant cost-control benefits.
On August 12, China Connect published its mid-year report for 2020, which achieved a total revenue of 15.397 billion yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 3.76 per cent over the previous year; and income from the main battalion business was 133.3 billion yuan, an increase of 4.0 per cent over the previous year, which was higher than the industry average of 3.2 per cent, which was higher than in the first half of 2020, when the company ' s mobile business development strategy was adjusted and the main business income structure was continuously optimized to benefit from it.
There has been a significant increase in income from the Internet in industry; of these, H1 mobile main business income has fallen by 2.8 per cent in the same year, compared with 2019. With the adjustment of the mobile business strategy, the effects of which have begun to emerge, China Connect has continued to optimize its product income structure in terms of its own positioning, development strategy, cost control and household development strategy.
First, from an industrial orientation perspective that strengthens self-regulation, adheres to regulatory, rational, and healthy market competition, and deepens its own concept of value-based business, it will be a big industrial trend to move from competition to competition in the future. Second, from a development strategy that focuses on the growth of the number of users to one that focuses on the quality of development of users.
And value, when examining internal development modules, also focuses on value-testing indicators. At the same time, Internetization is being strengthened to diversify innovation marketing and create new core competitiveness.
Finally, from a client’s development strategy perspective, the current infrastructure is gradually improved, the end-user prices are appropriate and the appropriate time to make a big effort to develop 5g users, and China Connect has a rhythmic and targeted development of 5g users that can effectively connect with customers.
The results of the operation have been initially demonstrated by the above-mentioned layout and strategic optimization: first, the income-side perspective shows a steady recovery in moving arpu and operating income, q2 in a single quarter.
Income from mobile main camp operations is now $38.8 billion, an increase of 2.91 per cent over the 01 ring; monthly data show that in June (yoy+1.6 per cent) and July (yoy+1.0 per cent) 2020, the income from mobile main battalion operations has fallen back from the same year to the end of the year; q2arpu up to $41.8, an increase of 4 per cent over the q1 ring.
As the construction of the 5g network accelerates, the network infrastructure continues to improve, the 5g terminal penetration rate increases (price reduction + end spread, two-way drive) and the landing of the 5g innovation application, we believe that the growth rate of 5g users will accelerate in the second half of the year, leading to a sustained increase in the revenues of operators arpu and the main business.
From the cost-side point of view, the cost of selling h1 fell by $2.58 billion on a year-on-year basis in 2020, and the cost decreased by more than the cost of revenue (2.18 billion on a year-on-year basis), and we believe that the current performance of operations is robust on the basis of precision marketing and operations.
In terms of detail, mobile operations have recovered steadily, network-based operations have rekindled rapidly, and innovative operations have grown robustly, with successive performance dynamics. First, mobile main business operations have recovered steadily: H1 has achieved 76.516 billion, y0y-2.8%; and voice operations are real.
At the end of the year, there was a decrease of 251 pp; data flow generated revenue of $52,057 million, yoy+1.39 per cent of mobile main operations, and we believe that the growth of traffic operations is mainly due to an increase in the value of the arpu, first of all due to the impact of the epidemic, with users increasing the demand for the flow; and the second 5g user growth, which was estimated to have increased by about 10 per cent over the value of the 4g user arpu, and was therefore not achieved.
In order to increase the demand for traffic and increase the penetration rate of 5g users, arpu values are expected to rise further in the future. Set growth, in which industrial Internet revenues (including mainly idc, int services, cloud computing, and renting income from circuits, etc.) have significant advantages for high-speed bandwidth and intelligent household products: epidemic control normalisation drives broadband network and speed demand is evident
q2 achieved operating income of RMB 11.1 billion, an increase of RMB 2.78 per cent over the q1 ring, an increase of RMB 43.3 in the arpu value, a significant increase over the 2020 h1, an increase of 36 per cent in the same year and an increase of 16 per cent in the share of the total principal operating income.
Business income amounted to RMB 12.1 billion, an increase of 29 per cent in the same year, and income from the networked and large data operations amounted to RMB 2.2 billion and RMB 900 million, respectively, an increase of 55 per cent and 67 per cent in the same year.
Figure 7: China’s Connectidc income suggests that, as the country’s new capital-state “new infrastructure” strategy and the epidemic further accelerate the need for socio-economic digitization, networking, and intelligent transformation, the need for innovative business needs will be a much better future, based on traditional business practices.
In the first half of 2020, the cost of companies amounted to RMB 137,540 million, an increase of 1.9 per cent over the same period.
The company moved forward with a full digital transformation, accelerated the integration of operations on-line, tightly controlled user development costs, and sales costs.
At the same time, in the first half of 2020, companies doubled the pace and network capacity of 5g networks. We believe that as China’s future cooperation with China Telecom continues to deepen, the company is expected to benefit from the capital of all parties.
Source integration and profitability have made great strides. Figure 10: China Connect ebidta as a percentage of business income 2.5g network building is progressing steadily, and co-building benefits are significant
In terms of capital spending progress, in 2020 h1 related to 5g capital expenditure amounted to approximately 12.6 billion yuan, or 36% of the planned capital expenditure at the beginning of the year (a total of 35 billion yuan). In terms of base station construction progress, in 2020 h1 additional 5g base stations were built and shared approximately 150,000 stations were available for 5g base stations.
Cumulatively, about 210,000 stations, with companies building more than 100,000 stations, continuous coverage in more than 50 priority cities, and successful upgrade of 2.1ghz band software to 5g base stations in some provinces.
First, in terms of building benefits: to accelerate the construction of the base station, to achieve a 5g network size, coverage, quality that is substantially comparable to that of the lead operator, and to save investment costs. It is expected that the ITU and the two sides will cumulatively save more than investment costs. Second, to share frequency-band resources, achieve the most rapid rate of the current global medium- and low-frequency band, reduce the number of base-station constructions, and, in this section, to reduce the number of base-station constructions.
On the basis of forward capital expenditure in the provinces, the cost of transportation costs such as later tower usage, network maintenance and electricity is reduced.2 The introduction of low frequency (2.16 frequency) communications, the increase in the coverage of individual base stations, the reduction in the number of new base stations, and the effective reduction of capital expenditure and later transportation costs.
In our view, given the current progress in capital expenditure of 5g, capital expenditure in the first half of the year was only 36 per cent of the year, and in the case of capital expenditure in previous years, the actual capital expenditure of China Connect was higher or closer in the early stages of construction, so we expect China Connect's base station to move forward with the current capital expenditure situation unchanged.
In the first half of the year, the national “new infrastructure” strategy and the epidemic further accelerated the need for economic and social digitization, networking, and intellectual transformation. China Connectes built on the 5g advantage to seize opportunities, accelerate autonomous capacity-building and self-research product diffusion, and empower.
To promote the integration and value of innovative and basic business. To deepen institutional reforms, stimulate dynamism, and promote high-quality development in government and corporate institutions.
From a market perspective, Deep Farming 2c accelerates the expansion of 2b operations: in the 2c market, the dynamic 5g market combined with progress in the 5g network construction and mobile phone supply, while the 5g terminal prices continue to decline and become widely available, and the pace and targeting of the 5g package has accelerated the growth of the 5g user base.
2b Markets promote industry eco-development, accelerate the development of innovative and integrated applications in the 5g sector, empower customers, integrate 5g+abc elements into industry solutions, and create competitiveness.
In the field, a number of 5g lighthouse projects were developed and commercialized successfully. Figure 16: China Connect 5g Industry Application 4. Profit Forecasts and Ratings
The 5g industry is not as fast as expected; the operator is under pressure; and the 5g network is not as fast as expected.