Wally Group (300979.sz) Sales-driven income growth of 25 per cent in the first half of the year, Māori rate rising to 28 per cent.
In the first half of the year, sales drove a rapid increase in revenue and the Māori rate increased significantly. In the first half of the year, corporate income increased by 24.5 to 11.47 billion yuan per year, and net profit attributable to the mother grew by 29.0 to 1.88 billion yuan per year.
A 0.6% to 16.4% increase in split prices shows that 108 million pairs of sports shoes were sold in the first half of the year, and that the medium-term dimensions of the year are expected to be around 2 factories in Viet Nam and Indonesia. Income grew by 21% in the second quarter, and the Māori rate continued to rise.
The second quarter of the year saw less pay for performance and a higher contribution from exchange earnings, and the same period last year saw a lower rate of management and financial fees, the same rate of management costs as +2.2 per cent to 5.0 per cent and the same rate as +1.8 per cent to -0.2 per cent for the second quarter of the year.
At the end of last year, international brand de-stocking was almost complete, and the second half of the year's orders were expected from the company's corporate counterparts. The company's core clients were substantially de-stocked at the end of last year, the deeckers' own sales forms were excellent, and other brands, such as Nike, slowed down in a short period of time, but based on this year's replenishment needs, and also on peace.
Wally's deep partnership, orders are expected to grow significantly faster than the brand itself, and Wally's high-intensity, high-end, sub-client orders are growing fast.
By July, the harvest was positive and the outlook for the second half of the year was positive. “Walley Group (300979.sz) – four-quarter performance growth has been positive, new clients have been set year-round, “Walley Group (300979.sz)” – four-quarter revenue is projected to be the same, driven by common prices
Investment Recommendations: This year’s growth in orders and performance is highly certain, with medium- and long-term perceptions of good corporate client structure. Wally Group (300979.sz) – 6% decline in net profits in the third quarter, recovery in Māori, and sustained client expansion and expansion of productive capacity.
The process is expected to accelerate further and restore more elasticity to future demand, with an increase of about two plants per year, an expansion of market share prospects, a return of valuations to pre-epidemiological head-activities, rapid income growth driven by sales in the first half of the year, and a marked increase in the Māori ratio.
The first half of the year saw a 25% increase in income and a 29% increase in net return. Benefited from downstream brand clients completing the replenishment phase in the current year, as well as from high corporate customer structure, deep binding with older clients and sustained expansion of billions of yuan, with net return to mothers increasing by 29.0% to 1.88 billion yuan.
The rate of Māori growth is driven by a recovery in capacity utilization and an increase in plant efficiency. The rate of Māori growth is higher than it was in the past year, as a result of a rapid resumption of orders, an increase of 11.3 per cent to 97.3 per cent over the same period; and an improvement in the management of the company within the company, an increase in plant efficiency, an increase of 3.6 per cent to 28.2 per cent over the same period.
Decline in performance for the six-month period, lower pay for performance compared to faster performance and higher pay for performance this year. Figure 3: Māori/business margin/net interest rate for companies. Figure 4: Cost for company period
In the first half of the year, the prices increased by a significant amount of sales. In the first half of the year, 108 million pairs of sports shoes were sold, +18.6 per cent of the year; the unit price was approximately RMB 106, +5.0 per cent of the year; the unit price increase was due, on the one hand, to changes in branding and the increase in the share of high-value products, and, on the other, to the contribution of the exchange rate, based on the quarterly average exchange rate.
Operating capital is stable and capital expenditure increases for expansion of capacity. The first six months of operating capital working days are stable, with inventory working days equal to 5 to 63 days, working days receivable equal to 64 days, buildable and the medium-term dimensions of the future are expected to be around 2 plants per year in Viet Nam and Indonesia, with annual capital expenditure
Income grew by 21% in the second quarter, and the Māori rate continued to rise over the same period. In the second quarter, income increased by 20.8% to $6.71 billion over the same period last year, and net profit for mothers increased by 11.9% to $1.09 billion over the same period.
(c) Lower management and financial cost rates for the same period last year, with administrative cost rates of +2.2 per cent to 5.0 per cent for the same quarter and financial cost of +1.8 million for the same quarter of this year.
According to the splitting price, the company sold 62 million pairs of sports shoes in the second quarter, i.e. +18.8 per cent of the year; the unit price was around the population.
Core brand clients were largely de-stocked at the end of last year: the company ' s top five clients, Nike, deeckers, vf, puma, ua stock, had been in stock for about a year, five brands had been significantly reduced in 2023, three quarters to four quarters, and Nike, deeckers had lost four quarters of the stock.
By the end of the first quarter of this year, the amount of brand inventory had fallen further by the same ring, and the sales of the same ring had fallen significantly, with Nike and deeckers being below 1.8.
Deckers continue to perform well, while other brands, such as Nike, have slowed down in the short term, but based on this year’s replenishment needs and deep partnership with Wally, Wally brand orders are expected to grow significantly faster than the brand itself, as well as high-intensity sharp and high-speed new client orders.
During the second quarter of July, China’s employees showed positive performance, and the outlook for the second half of the year was positive: Yu Yuan, Zhiqiang, Qiqi and Confou Hong were better off in the second quarter than in the first quarter, they fluctuated from one month to the next, and in July they were all growing on an equal footing, including Xu Yuan, Zhiqiang, Jihong, Donglong-hung, Wai-Hung and Hiro.
Yuyang’s management is optimistic about the second half of the year, with a double-digit increase in the second half of the year, short-term monthly data influenced by boat seasons, typhoons, and some orders extended; however, Jo-hong’s management is equally optimistic about the second half of the year, and is expected to return to 70% of the second half of the year’s harvest.
The monthly harvest is expected to be over $3 billion, with short-term data fluctuations due in July partly to typhoon leave, the impact of Port-au-Prince, long-term interest in the quality of the company's client structure, and continued outreach, leading the way in the positive growth of orders and revenues in the fourth quarter; and orders and receipts in the first half of this year.
In the medium and long term, the growth process is expected to accelerate further to restore future demand. Reserves are expected to be more flexible, two plants are expected to grow around the year, market share expansion prospects are clear, and valuations are expected to return.
We have a small upward profit forecast, predicting that the company pe will maintain a “better than the big city” rating. The expansion of capacity has not been as expected, the process of de-stocking has not been as expected, and the international political economy has been at risk.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject