Wally Group Thematic study: Analysis of competitiveness behind high profitability 26/07/2024
So, 23,04 has been a smoother crop, and for 24 years, the trend of repair has continued, and we've continued to see the trend of heating orders of textile companies continue throughout the year. The Wally Group, as a sports shoe substitute, leads with high customer resources, a concentrated client structure, and a high degree of cooperation, is expected to benefit directly downstream.
The customers' orders are restored when they go to the vault. The 23q1/q2/q3/q4 Wally Group collects from the bottom-up, with the Wally Group remaining stable and profitable in a volatile environment. From the bottom up, the Wally Group has shown remarkable stability and high-profit financial characteristics in a volatile external environment over the past few years, 17-23.
The annual net profit rate of the Wallies Group averaged 13.8 per cent, the average value of the peers (Yumoto/Fontai/Kyoki/Jeung) was 6.9 percentage points higher, while the net profit level of the Wallies Group remained stable during the period, with other peers being more affected by factors such as order fluctuations.
The company’s main core competitiveness (cost advantage, management advantage, customer advantage) is also the main reason why we continue to focus on the Wally Group. Dismantling profits: the Māori rate, the period cost rate, the net profit rate are clearly better than that of our peers.
Disaggregation of profitability indicators and peer comparison, as shown by Wally Group indicators for Māori, Cost and Net Profit Rates
They conclude that Wally Group's high profitability stems mainly from three main advantages: 1) Cost advantage: product structure plus plant layout provides a natural cost advantage, while the cost structure can become relatively high, making it "Walle Group" (300979): First Quarterly 2024.
This control is more flexible and has a more stable Maori rate; cost advantage further leads to a client ' s offer advantage, and comments: both old and new clients are motivated and strengthened in-house to achieve effective savings in sales costs. 2) Management advantage: the company ' s founder team is highly concentrated and has acquired ownership.
(c) Client advantage: the Wally Group adopts a strategy of consolidating old customers, expanding new customers, working with new clients to smooth the pressure of orders in the old customer ' s banking cycle, and so on.
Wally Group (300979): Twenty-three years of three-quarters reporting have led to a relatively stable level of profitability, while expanding orders from old and new clients to keep the company freeing up new products and helping to improve overall productivity and reduce capital charges.
Review: o3 sales have decreased by a narrow margin, net interest rates have stabilized, recovery has led to an improvement in the upstream fundamentals, 2401 textile-making plates have recovered and net profits have all returned to positive growth, while overseas brands are still in the replenishment cycle, and consumption in Europe and the United States has shown a weak improvement, and we expect it to be higher.
The trend in the restoration of swimming orders is expected to continue in 24 years. Bottom-up, in a volatile external environment over the past few years, Wally Group profit levels have risen in reverse, reflecting the three core advantages of company costs, management and customers, which have created high barriers to competition for textile manufacturing companies, and we believe will continue to do so.
Medium- and long-term investment values that support companies. The net return profits of companies are expected to vary from 24 to 26 years compared to the global recovery pace of supply and demand, the transfer of overseas orders, and the increase in downstream supply, and the export orders of Chinese textile manufacturing enterprises have continued to flourish. 2022q4 high overseas brand stocks have opened up, stocking cycles have been opened, textile companies have fallen.
In the annual strategy report, “Computer orders are restored to greater certainty, brand structural opportunities are sustained”, released on 2 January 2024, it was determined by revisiting the international brand's successive debanking cycles and the current international branding process, that offshore brands from 2023q4 are expected to complete successive deposing and reheating upstream orders with greater certainty.
The collection ratio has changed smoothly, the recovery trend has continued for 24 years, and the above-mentioned judgement has been implemented gradually, and we continue to watch the business order turn-over trend continue over the years. The Wally Group is expected to benefit directly from the resumption of orders after downstream customers go to the vault.
The high quality of client resources, the concentration of client structures (82% of top five clients by 2023, 38% of top top clients) and the high degree of sticky cooperation are expected to benefit directly from the return of downstream clients to the vault to close their orders.
In addition to the piecemeal logic of top-down order recovery, bottom-up, over the past few years, in a volatile external environment, the Wally Group has shown remarkable stability and high-profit financial characteristics, which, in our view, reflect some of the company's core competitiveness (cost advantage, management advantage, customer advantage), which we continue to focus on today.
Since 2017, Wally Group net profit levels have been innovative and consistently ahead of peers. 17-23, the Group averaged 13.8 per cent net profit, 6.9 per cent higher than its counterparts (Yumoto/Fontai/Yuqi/Juqiang) and maintained a steady upward trend in Wally Group net profit levels during this period, while other peers fluctuated on orders, etc.
In 2023, Wally Group net profit on sales rose. In 2023, the sports shoe industry as a whole faced a fall in orders, with most companies having a decline in net profit rates due to a decline in capacity utilization, such as Fontai/Yongzi/Jingqiang net sales.
Profit indicators start with detailed disassembly and peer comparison to explain the company’s high profitability and sustainability. The main conclusion is that 1) cost advantages: 1 product structure plus the natural low-cost advantages of the plant layout: companies have long-term, deep cooperative relationships with their clients, high order structures, efficient plant operations, while plant areas are concentrated in northern Vietnam and Indonesia.
Cost has a strong advantage. 2 It can become a higher ratio than your peers, increasing the stability of the Māori rate: the structural characteristics of high human effectiveness (which can be a higher ratio than your peers) make companies more flexible in cost regulation and thus have a more stable Māori ratio than your peers in the case of volatile trade orders.
2) Management strengths: 1 management team with high shareholding + management experience and continuous optimization of costs: the team of founders of the company has a high concentration of shares, extensive professional experience, strict dynamic control costs, sustained optimization of company cost rates and low dry peers.2 Sustained R & D inputs to increase productivity and effective cost reduction: management team focuses on R & D innovation, combined with automation
High levels of new production inputs and production efficiency are continuously improving and promoting cost and cost optimization. 3) Client advantage: Wally Group strategies to consolidate old customers, expand new customers, cooperate effectively with new clients, smooth the pressure on old clients to go to the vault cycle, thereby reducing the volatility of profit levels; while at the same time, the old and the new clients are working together.
3. Dismantling profitability: cost, management, three main advantages of the client drive high profitability 3.1. Overall: Wally Group Māori ratio, net interest rate are significant leaders
The Wally Group’s Māori rate, net interest rate (net sales rate, lower) are clearly ahead of its counterparts. We have selected several head-shoes in the country to make a simple initial comparison from the scale of sales, partner clients, plant distribution, and profit indexes.
In terms of the scale of sales, the Wallies Group ranks second in annual sales in the domestic shoe industry (by 190 million pairs in 2023), after the Xuwon Group (by 218 million pairs), and third (by 20.1 billion yuan in 2023), after the Xuwon Group (by 35.7 billion yuan in manufacturing) and the Fontaine Enterprise (by 20.6 billion yuan).
In terms of co-clients, Wally, Yumoto, Toyota, and Zhiqiang are the leaders of global sports brands, of which Wally's top five clients also include recreational shoe brands such as Converses, vans, and ug. The owner of Xing Qi is an outdoor brand. In terms of the complexity of the different shoemaking processes, it is roughly ranked as outdoor shoes.
In terms of the distribution of factories, several large front-line industry firms have a production profile in Viet Nam, of which the Wally Group has a relatively centralized layout, mainly in northern Viet Nam and Indonesia.
The Yuan has plants in China, southern Viet Nam, Indonesia, Cambodia, Bangladesh, Myanmar, and the main stations in the south, India, Indonesia, and China. In terms of profitability indicators, the Wally Group Māori and net interest rate indicators are clearly ahead of their counterparts in 2023.
Wally Group Māori rates/net interest rates are 25.6 per cent/15.9 per cent higher than their counterparts (Yumoto, Fontaine, ), respectively, and we believe that Wally Group Māori's leadership can be interpreted in stages: 1) The higher Māori ratio among their counterparts during the 17-19 years was due to the high quality of the order structure and the high degree of automation, on the one hand, and the post-plant configuration of its plant, on the other hand.
As a result, Wally factories are located mainly in northern Viet Nam, its counterparts in southern Viet Nam, closer to mainland China, with lower transport costs and lower wages for workers than in southern Viet Nam.) Since 2020, leaders have been magnified by their gross counterparts, interest rates have been subject to orders fluctuations, while Wally, in a volatile environment, has increased scale effects and stabilized upwards.
Māori leads the way: product structure plus factory layout, production costs are lower than those of peers. Early Wally Group co-clients focus on leisure shoe brands, and overall production processes are more automated than their peers. Early Wally co-clients are sulfurized canvas brands, sports sandal brands teva, vulcanization.
Vans, followed by columbia, hoka, nike, puma, etc. Toyota and Yumoto have been working with Nike and Adidas since the 1970s, Chi-jung started working with Adidas and Nike in 2000 and 2005, respectively, mainly in sports shoes (such as basketball shoes, football shoes, etc.) and relatively in production processes.
Wally's top five clients have a relatively high share of leisure shoe brands. In 2023, the top five customers of the Wally Group, Nike (including conversation)/deckers/vf/puma/underarmour, accounted for 38/20/12 per cent/7 per cent per 6 per cent, and a total of 82 per cent.
Nike/adidas accounts for 44/22% of their income, and Adidas/nike accounts for 54/36% of their income, while the first two clients are mainly sports shoe brands, nike, and Adidas, and the first two customers are more concentrated than Wally. As a result of the quality order structure, Wally Group’s per capita output is higher than that of its peers, and has a stronger impact on size.
In addition to the structure of the product, the back-to-back advantage of the plant layout has resulted in better cost control for the Wallies Group, as shown in table 1 above.
Xi, the first overseas plant set up by the Wally Group was in 2005, later than Xuwon, Fongtai, Zhiqiang, of which Xu Yuan, Fong Tae, did not host the factory in Indonesia for the first time in 1992 and 1995, followed by Viet Nam, Cambodia, etc.
In northern Viet Nam, the geographical location of northern Viet Nam is closer to mainland China and contributes to savings in the transportation costs of raw materials, while the wages of workers in the north as a whole are lower than in the south and to savings in labour costs. Figure 11: Viet Nam ' s minimum monthly wage is lower than in China, Indonesia, Cambodia
Figure 12: Wages in northern Viet Nam as a whole are slightly lower than those in southern Viet Nam. 3.2.2. Māori stability: relatively high yields, increasing Māori stability. Product structure and plant layout, in addition to providing low-cost advantages, also make the cost structure of the company a variable ratio.
Production costs are divided into fixed costs and variable costs, of which: 1) fixed costs include mainly manufacturing costs such as plant and production equipment inputs, utilities, etc., and are influenced mainly by productivity and capacity utilization; 2) variable costs: mainly raw materials and labour costs, mainly due to raw material prices, wage levels of workers, etc.
Because Wally’s per capita output is higher than that of its peers, and the scale effect is more pronounced, the fixed cost of producing single pairs of shoes is lower, and the cost structure can turn out to be higher than that of its peers. The Wally Group’s ability to turn into a higher ratio than that of its peers makes its Māori rate more stable.
The ratio of direct materials/manual/manufacturing costs to 62/25/13% (2019), respectively, can be transformed (directly into a cost structure with a relatively high and low fixed cost ratio), making Wally Group Māori levels relatively stable in the context of fluctuations at the end of the order. For example, in 2020 and 2023, the earnings of various generations of industrial enterprises declined, with a greater proportion of GDP.
It is considered that the relative stability of the cooperative customers of the factories, the production of shoes, and therefore the relatively small variation of the structural indicators between years, compare the data with the rates of 3.3. Rates: the respective rates are lower than their peers.
The cost during the Wally Group period is dominated by administrative costs, with three cost-rate indicators being lower than those of peers, and a significant advantage in marketing and management costs. The average cost rate for the 17-23 Wally/Yumoto/Fontai/Yung Qi/Jung Qi period was 7.03 per cent and 19.27 per cent, respectively.
The average sales cost for 17-23 years is 0.91 pct lower than the average sales cost for the peer, except for the sum of 17-23 years after the sum of the sales cost rates not separately disclosed by Fong-tae and taken into account in administrative costs, after the elimination of Fong-tae, the management cost rate for 17-23 years was 0.62 pct lower than the average sales cost.
At this level, we believe that we have benefited mainly from the advantage of a customer’s offer as a result of a company’s cost advantage (as analysed in 3.2) and from its effective savings in sales costs. In 2021, there was a marked decrease in the cost of sales (primarily as a result of the adjustment in the financial statements, the transport costs initially charged to sales costs were charged to operating costs) and the cost advantage was further expanded.
3.3.2. Management costs: Management advantages + client advantages, management cost rates continue to be optimized. The founder and effectively controlled family of the company, the Zhang Xinyuan family, together hold 87.48 per cent of the company's shareholdings, with a highly concentrated equity structure, on one side, reflecting the great confidence of the founder family in the future development of the company and, on the other hand, leading to an increase in the efficiency of the company's management.
Chairman Zhang Zhenbuon has more than 50 years of experience in shoe-fixing manufacturing and is familiar with the whole shoe-making process, which helps to improve management efficiency from top to bottom. The management cost rate of the Wallies Group declined from 5.23 to 3.43 per cent in 2017 to 2023 as a peer management advantage: continuous R & D inputs to improve productivity. Management attaches great importance to R & D inputs, 2021-2023.
Wally Group R & D rates of 1.34/1.41/1.54 per cent, respectively, increase year by year, and sustained R & D inputs lead to significant improvements in the productivity of companies, such as the 2023 automatic knitting machine/shoe reprinting landmarks/netcut knife/automatic hit. Coarse machine production efficiency increased by 216/140/135/90 per cent, respectively.
Client advantage: new and old clients are active, orders are increasing, and the effects of continuous scaling up are increasing. As shown in figure 10 above, the Wally Group is almost the only substitute among its peers that has continued to work with new clients, and in addition to benefiting from the growth of old customers (e.g., Nike) in their own size and the increase in the share of Wally suppliers, the company has opened up a new customer contribution.
However, it is significantly higher than 14% in Fong-taek, 31% in Hwang, 31% in 23 years compared to 19 years, and 33% in Xu Yuan. With the higher degree of automation of the new plant, the introduction of the new plant has helped to improve overall productivity.
The income tax rate of the Wallies Group is at a moderate level among its peers and is relatively stable. Apart from 24.88 per cent of the revenue of the Wallies Group in 2017-2023, fluctuations in other years are relatively small, and they are at a medium level among their peers, i.e., they have no significant advantage in the Wallies Group.
In recent years, different generations of factories have been operating in South-East Asia, enjoying a certain amount of tax benefits. For example, Viet Nam, for 15 years from the income-generating year, has enjoyed a 10% tax credit on corporate income tax, with a four-year exemption from the profit-making year and a reduction by half in nine years.
Corporate income tax; in terms of tariffs, the United States applies a base tax rate (0 per cent-37.5 per cent for textile rubber shoes and 8.5-10 per cent for synthetic leather shoes) for imports of shoes of Vietnamese origin, while the base rate is applied to tariffs on shoes of Chinese origin plus an additional tax rate (7.5-15 per cent for additional shoes).
The Wally Group has been operating 13 Vietnamese shoe factories since 2005 in Viet Nam. With the company’s continued expansion of the new plant since 05, the relevant income tax policy is in the process of doing so.
For more than 15 years, a shoe factory is no longer entitled to a 10% preferential tax policy, and a new plant has a four-year tax-exempt period, which, on a rolling note, is currently relatively stable. The Fontai enterprise’s earlier placement abroad, and its years of deep-ploughing industry, is worth noting the change in its income-tax rates.
Recupation of the overseas construction of the Toyota Enterprise, which began to establish branches and model plants in Indonesia in 1992, followed by eight shoe factories in Indonesia, Viet Nam, India in the period 1994-2010, and three shoe factories in Indonesia and Viet Nam in the period 14-19, with a total of 11 shoe factories and 6/2/3 in Viet Nam/Indonesia/India, respectively.
Most of Fong-tae’s factories were established before 2010, so the tax benefits were gradually reduced, and the tax on Fong-tae’s earnings was raised from the pre-2010 level of 15% up to between 25 and 35%. Although income tax rates rose markedly after 2010, Fong-tae’s net profits were not affected.
The impact of the level of profitability is modest, and we judge that the increase in the net profit rate of the Toyota Enterprise benefits mainly from the increase in the Maori rate associated with large-scale production and product composition optimization, as well as from the increase in automation and the optimization of management.
Taking into account the return of orders after the 2024 banking cycle and the strong growth momentum of new clients, I'm taking the lead, and the company is expected to maintain a steady and faster growth trend. Specifically, we expect the top five clients by 2024-2026 (currently the top five clients, nike/deckers/vf/puma/ua).
Taking into account the further optimization of client and product structures and the further improvement of production efficiency, we expect that one of the investment main lines of the Wally Group ' s net profits in 2024 will be the top-down end of overseas branding and the resumption of orders leading to an improvement in upstream fundamentals, and that the textile manufacturing plates will be expected to achieve a double valuation and a double valuation of performance.
On the other hand, since industrial order restoration is still in the process of progressive realization, while upstream raw materials, such as the yarn chain, and business performance are also influenced by raw material prices, the upstream textile manufacturing plate has not spread, and the current valuation of the plate remains below 10% since 2010. As industry orders are being restored, we believe that as the process continues to be carried out.
In terms of performance, the profits from the 24q1 textile manufactures have all returned to positive growth, with the Wally Group, as a champion of sneakers, directly targeting customers, benefiting most directly, with a larger rebound in performance, and we continue to look forward to the order repair of the Wally Group ' s 2024 performance.
In addition to the top-down block restoration logic, we believe that in the last few years, in a volatile external environment, Wally Group profit levels have risen inversely, with repeated innovations, and reflect the firm's three core strengths in cost, management and customer excellence, which have created high competitive barriers for textile manufacturing companies, and we believe will support the company in the medium to long term.
For 17/14/12x, Fong-tae Enterprises, a champion of peer-shoe shoes, as well as the garment-supplier industry upstream of the sports track, Shinzhou International, the Companion Dragons, as comparable companies, whose valuations are slightly below the average of comparable companies, and we believe that companies, as champions of sneakers, with cost, management and customer advantage, should be given a certain value premium.
Overseas economic downturn: The firm’s customer inventory cycle is closely linked to the end-consumption environment, and if the overseas consumption environment is depressed, it will influence further decision-making on the future delivery of goods by the customer after the replenishment, thereby affecting the company’s future delivery. Client loss risk: while cooperation between the company and the customer is more sticky, it takes into account changes in the client’s own business.
As a sports shoe surrogate, the Wally Group earns production and processing fees mainly from downstream customers. The company operates a specific process with nine steps: one customer provides product design drawings or product demand and offers development design needs to Wally;
(a) Company 2 arranges for the development of sample development by the Centre for Development Design Operations on the basis of demand; (c) develops samples after discussion with clients, and the customers confirm the styling of samples; and (d) orders are made by customers to the company-designated trading subsidiary (Hong Kong profit, Hong Kong profit, etc.); and (d) upon receipt of the order, companies generate bom orders and production instructions, which are purchased by the trading subsidiary from the supplier on the basis of the bom one-way basis;
Raw materials required for production; production processes and samples provided by the Centre for Development and Design Operations to the production subsidiary, which has been entrusted with production manufacture by production subsidiaries such as Viet Nam in its material processing methods; production and manufacture by the production subsidiary; and production of products to be delivered to the trade subsidiary, which is based on the committee of the trade subsidiary after the production of the finished product has been completed.
Tote sends the finished product to its customers; 9 trading subsidiaries complete the internal and external payments of the company.
The highest value added by brands and relatively low value added by intermediate processed manufacturing. We have a simplified estimate of the production and distribution chain of sneakers in combination with the Māori ratio, net interest rate indicators of multiple head-shoes and branders, with an estimated 100-dollar final retail price of sneakers in each industry chain.
The distribution of the value is roughly: 100 (US$, later equal) = 13 (raw materials) + 12 (production) + 2.5 (transport) + 22.5 (brandware storage and management) + 50 (retail channels). Specifically (subsequently calculated process): US$, net gain on single pairs of shoes of approximately US$ 1.25 - 3.75 after deducting expenditure on raw materials, labour, management costs, etc., in industry
The value added in the chain is relatively low (combined with Wally Group financial reporting data for 2022, net profit of $3.23 billion in 22 years, total sales of branders and retail outlets: surrogate producers for $25/double prices, transport to branders, transport and trade tariff charges, branders for goods of about $27.5/double, usually $50/double prices)
They are sold to wholesalers and end retail prices of $100/double. As can be seen, brands and channels hold relatively high values in the Industrial Chain Section.
The cost of single pairs of shoes is approximately $27.5 if combined with an average Māori ratio of 40 to 60% (50% median) for branders. The cost of single pairs consists mainly of raw materials + processing + transport costs by three parts. Assuming a 10% transport and tax fee, the cost of this portion is $2.75, leaving $24.75 for raw materials + processing costs. After deducting the net profit of a surrogate plant of $2.5 (taking into account the average net profit rate of a shoe-for-work plant by about 10%), the cost of a replacement plant is approximately $22, of which raw materials/man and manufacturing costs are about 22, respectively.
57%/43% (based on average composition of Walli/Yumoto/Yuchi/Chichi) and raw materials/manual and manufacturing costs of about US$ 13/9 respectively)
Enterprises, single pairs of shoes, are at a lower level of value added in the industrial chain. 1) In terms of Māori, nike/adidas/ leads in 2010-2023. 2) In terms of cost rates, the profit space for surrogates is more fixed and less expensive, and in 2017-2023, the Walli Group is significantly lower than downstream brand companies (Humoto because it includes retail operations and the associated cost rates are relatively high).
General administrative expenditure/revenue calculation, adidas sales cost ratio using sales and marketing expenditure/receipt, administrative cost ratio using administrative expenditure/receipt calculation Walli Group net profit margin is higher in the chain. Combined Māori rates, cost rates and other profits
The indicator, for 2018-2023, is that the average net interest rate for sales of nike/adidas/Yumoto Group/Walley Group is 9.7 per cent/5.2 per 2.5 per cent/14.2 per cent, and that the net interest rate of Walli Group is higher than that of nike/didas and is higher than that of its peers.