Wally Group (300979.sz) Textile and apparel group q2 significantly improved profitability and expected performance throughout the year
The net return to the mother is 970 million yuan, which is an increase of +6.6 per cent, and the dollar is about a flat drop, as expected.
Total sales of sports shoes amounted to 91 million pairs, a decrease of 20.87 per cent over the same period, of which q2 quarters and 3. Wally Group Corporate Ratings: Good Business in the Backwards, High-Quality Productive Growth, to benefit from improvements in product and customer structure.
The share of deckers, vf, puma, ua) dropped to 80% +, and the number of new brands with high unit prices, e.g., has stabilized and increased. The capacity utilization rate has declined by 9.1 to 86.0%, but due to the flexibility of the company to adjust the number of employees
The same rate for the period was reduced by 1.13 pct to 4.19 per cent, mainly because performance pay was accompanied by a reduction in sales to optimize costs, financial cost rates were reduced by exchange gains and losses, and tax rates were reduced.
Inventory turnover was slightly accelerated and performance indicators were good. The company ' s 1h23 inventory turnover days were the same as 1:24 days, the receivable turnover days were the same as +11.18 days, the operating net cash flow was the same as +26 per cent and the overall operating level was healthy.
The company’s new plants in Viet Nam and Indonesia are set to move ahead in an orderly manner, with capacity expected to be released at H2; while the overseas demand is warmed up, the goods are ready to go to the vault, and firm orders are expected to return to rapid growth and boost performance.
Profit forecasts, valuations and ratings Firms are tied to high-quality overseas sports brands and demand pressure orders keep growing: Supply end-of-life expansion drives higher performance.
The company’s orders in the context of the card-deposit process will continue to be phased in, with 2h delivered with capacity, new and old customers, Viet Nam’s manpower costs, the pace of expansion short-paced, and the demand for overseas terminals falling.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market