Wally Group (300979.sz) enhanced cost control, and the 23q2 profitability ring improved. \triangleright
The company sold 91 million pairs of sneakers, a decrease of 20.87 per cent, mainly part of the branding of sneakers, which is still in stock, with some impact on company orders in the short term, with an average unit cost of $8.252 million/482 million per slipper and slipper, respectively.
/460 million yuan, equivalent to 1.95 per 28.34 per cent/41.93 per cent, mainly the product structure of downstream brand clients themselves has been adjusted to implement different product strategies. The Māori rate is relatively robust, and the cost-control rate has declined.
\triangleright continues to strengthen cost control and optimization, with 2023h1 sales, finance, R & D rates steadily moving forward with the expansion of capacity, improved orders from older clients, and new client outreach possibilities.
\triangleright's design capability and good product quality, quick response capability, with many well-known sports and leisure brands tied downstream. For the old customer, the order is expected to continue along with the client's inventory.
On the new client side, the company actively responded to the volatility of some brand orders in the first half of the year, and continued to strengthen it.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: we maintain the company ' s 2023-2025 net return profit forecast as \triangleright, Head Customer Order Extension, Sports Trend
The long-term growth of the track for sneakers and the firm's clear dominance as a leader in the supply chain, coupled with expanding production, are expected to continue to strengthen core competitive advantages, optimize client structures, develop over time, and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: risks of international trade, risks of transnational operations, risks of rising labour costs. \triangleright
Part of House No. 1 of House No. 9 on the West Side of Beijing City, does not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.