Wally Group (300979.sz) Second quarter income drops were narrow, net interest rates were raised the same way.
Textile apparel. Textile manufacturing.
Qatar's view of spinning clothes: 1) Trade shoe brand clients are still falling in revenue from the stock-taking cycle; q2 revenue has been reduced by a narrow q2 income, based on improved Māori rates and exchange rate earnings; q2 net profit has been positive and net interest rates have been raised; 2) benefits from higher unit value product ratios and US$asp has managed economic risks in the first half of the year; 4) investment proposals: excellent performance, downstream branding has improved and follow-up orders have been warmer and expansion of production capacity has supported performance.
First, downstream brand clients are going well, stock pressure is improving, and company fundamentals and future orders are expected to warm back on a seasonal basis. Second, companies are expanding productively, sustaining the growth of orders, and two to three new plants are expected to grow this year.
Given the fact that the second quarter was better than expected, the company’s orders were better than other peers, the cost-control effects were significant, exchange gains were higher, a small amount of money was restored, and the company’s prospects for long- and long-term expansion of its market share were clear, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The uncertainty of the stock cycle and the international economic situation continues to affect firm orders in the short term, with splitting prices showing that during the first half of the year, companies sold 91 million pairs of sports shoes, compared to 20.9 per cent; asp$101.2, compared to +17.6 per cent, and the increase in unit prices was derived from higher unit prices on the one hand, and from exchange rate contributions, based on quarterly average exchange rates, based on the dollar perspective.asp
In the second quarter alone, corporate revenue was $5.55 billion, i.e. 3.9 per cent, driven by the smooth progress of downstream customers and strong consumer demand, with a narrow second-quarter income decline compared to the first quarter; operating profits of $1.240 billion, i.e. +3.2 per cent, +1.5 per cent; operating profits of 22.3 per cent, i.e., +1.5 pp; net profit returns of $970 million, i.e. + 6.6 per cent, +6 per cent, net interest rate of 17.6 per cent and +1.7 per cent.
The recovery in utilization was driven by an increase in the Māori rate in the second quarter over the first quarter; on the other hand, exchange gains contributed to net gains due to the greater depreciation of the renminbi. The split price showed that companies sold 52 million pairs of sports shoes in the second quarter, compared to 17.9%; the sum of $105.8, compared to +17.1%, and the ring for the first quarter.
Figure 6: Quarterly changes in corporate performance Figure 7: Quarterly operating profitability and net interest rate of the company Figure 8 Quarterly sales of shoes and unit prices of shoes of the company
In 2022, the company’s new factories, Yongshan, Weizhou, and Viet Nam Honghing, were able to climb up the slope, with a monthly production capacity of about 940,000 pairs in Viet Nam, 880,000 pairs in Viet Nam, and Honghing in Viet Nam.
In 2023, some new plants in Indonesia and Viet Nam became operational, and in the next two years new ones will be actively built. At the production efficiency level, companies promote standardization of management and computerization, digital efficiency enhancement, and upgrading of the delivery and operation of their production plants.
Technology such as a shoe-surface multi-storey composite locator computer vehicle technology, automatic branding locator, etc., has begun to be implemented in various production plants, which have developed a positive culture of innovation, such as "bit-learning-climbing-help-surviving" that effectively improves quality, improves efficiency, and enhances the core competitiveness of the group. Investment proposals: excellent performance, downstream brands have improved, and follow-up orders to warm and expand output support performance growth.
On the bottom line, after a better branding, orders are restored to build up the build-up capacity to support performance growth. First, downstream brand customers are moving to the stock, stock pressure is improving well, and company fundamentals and future orders are expected to warm up on a seasonal basis. Second, companies are actively expanding to support the growth of subsequent orders, with two to three new plants expected this year. On valuation, it is expected that they will return to the 25x hub of the pre-epidemiology front-branch industry.
Quarterly orders are better than expected, and companies perform better than their counterparts, with significant control effects, higher profits from exchange gains, a small upward profit forecast, and, in the context of the recent massive downgrading of downstream brands, firm reversibility increases shares and optimizes costs, fully demonstrating competitiveness. In recent years, companies have continued to demonstrate the logic of share growth, regardless of the industry’s need to look for a rise or fall.
In other words, improvements in the visibility of orders will result in the restoration of valuations, with firm’s prospects for long-term expansion of market shares being clear, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The expansion of production capacity is less than expected, the de-stocking process is less than expected, and international political and economic risks.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author