Wally Group (300979.sz)
In the first half of 2023, the downside was affected by downstream customers going to stock. Corporate income in the first half of the year ranged from -6.9% to $921 million, mainly due to the fact that downstream sports shoe brand customers are still in stock cycles and uncertainty about the international economic situation, which has had a negative impact on firm orders in the short term.
The cost rate is largely flat, except for the overhead, with the management rate falling by 1.1 percentage points to the same level as the net interest rate. Roe, affected by the decline in the turnover rate and the indebtedness rate, has fallen, and the slower turnover is due mainly to an increase in the ratio of client orders over longer account periods; construction in progress is $840 million.
The second quarter saw a narrow fall in income and a positive shift in net profits. The second quarter saw corporate income of $5.55 billion, a narrow fall in the same quarter compared to the previous quarter, a decrease of 1.4 percentage points compared to the same period; the larger reduction in management costs was mainly due to a decrease in performance pay costs; the lower financial costs largely benefited from an increase in exchange rate earnings.
+6.6 to 970 million yuan, with a 1.7 percentage point increase in net interest rates for the same year.
-20.9 per cent; unit price is $101.2, corresponding to +17.6 per cent; unit price increases are derived from higher unit value products on the one hand, and exchange rate contributions, based on quarterly average exchange rates, United States dollar-calibre unit prices.
Wally Group (300979.sz) – Quarterly net profit drops by 26%, focussing on downstream goods Investment proposals: excellent performance, downstream branding improvements, follow-up orders warm and output expansion support performance growth. We maintain profit forecasts, with companies projected net profits for 2023-2025, respectively
Wally Group (300979.sz) - Acquisition of Vietnamese sports shoe production, trade matching, corporate reversibility increases shares and optimizes costs, and fully demonstrates competitiveness. Corporate capacity expands to restore more elastic reserves to future demand, and brand inventory improvements are imminent, and orders have improved visibility will catalyze valuations.
In return, the company’s medium- and long-term expansion of market share prospects is clear, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Income and net profits declined by 7% in the first half of the year and by $9.21 billion in the second quarter, mainly because downstream sports shoe brand customers are still in the inventory cycle and in the international economic situation
Uncertainty, which has had a negative impact on firm orders in the short term, has been largely flat in terms of cost, except for administrative costs, which have decreased by 1.1 percentage points to 4.6 per cent, mainly in terms of performance pay costs.
The income from sports and leisure shoes is less negatively affected, with the same ratio being 2.0%: outdoor boots and sports sandals/slippers decreased significantly, by 28.3% and 41.9%, respectively.
In the first half of the year, the company sold 91 million pairs of sports shoes - 20.9% of the year; in the amount of $101.2, +17.6% of the year, the increase in unit prices came from the share of high unit prices, with 68 days and 65 days, with a decrease of 1 day and an increase of 11 days, respectively, and a slow shift in due week.
As a result of the increase in client orders over longer periods of time, the asset-liability ratio fell from 38.4 to 30.3 per cent for construction-in-progress projects, with a narrow fall in income and a positive shift in net profits in the second quarter. For the second quarter alone, corporate income amounted to $5.55 billion, or -3.9 per cent, driven by the smooth progress of downstream customers and strong demand for consumption, with the second quarter showing a sharp fall in income over the first quarter.
The decrease of 1.4 percentage points in the same year; a significant decrease in the management cost rate of 1.7 percentage points in the same year, mainly attributable to a decrease in the cost of performance remuneration; a decrease of 0.7 percentage points in the financial cost rate, which benefited mainly from an increase in exchange rate earnings.
Figure 10: Quarterly changes in corporate performance Positive expansion of productive capacity and certainty of productive growth over the next two years with a smooth climb of production capacity in Yongshan, Huixin, Viet Nam, and Honghing, Viet Nam, with a monthly production capacity of about 940,000 in Yongshan, Viet Nam
In 2023, some of the new plants in Indonesia and Viet Nam will be active in building new ones in the next two years. In terms of production efficiency, the Department promotes standardization of management and information, digitalization and efficiency, and improvement of the capacity of mass production plants to deliver and operate water.
During the year, technology such as the company's "computer-car-to-shoe-to-shoes" process, "Automated roll-over of innovative panels", was upgraded and promoted, with newly developed computer-consensor decorative belt technology, a composite positioning computer technology for multiple-story components of the entire shoe surface, an automatic iron locator, etc., starting to be implemented in various production plants, with production plants forming "be-to-do-go"
A positive innovation culture for helping-super-promotion effectively improves quality, efficiency, and the core competitiveness of the group. Investment advice: excellent performance, downstream branding improvements.
First, downstream brand clients are moving well to the stock, stock pressure is improving, and companies’ fundamentals and future orders are expected to warm back on a seasonal basis. Second, companies are able to expand actively to support the growth of subsequent orders, with two to three new plants expected this year.
In terms of valuation, it is expected to rise back to the 25x valuation hub of pre-epidemiological headlines.
The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, with reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author