The Wally Group (300979.sz) has a higher degree of certainty, some brand clients are under the influence of a de-stocking cycle, company orders are placed under short-term pressure, and profitability improves on a quarterly round.
In the 2023h1 company marketing campaign, some brands are still in the inventory cycle, with fewer company orders coming in. Companies are expanding their brands to cope with order fluctuations and continuously improving cost controls.
Going to stock is expected to be near the end, and orders can be improved. The firm has been deep-farming for years, with a strong product quality, R & D capacity, and rapid response capacity.
The core advantages of this control, quality control, product turnover, on the one hand, are accompanied by a slowdown in overseas inflation, an increase in consumer confidence, a near end to the stocking of the company’s former branders, and an improvement in orders in the second half of the year.
With the company continuing to climb the slopes, it is hoped that it will be able to grow its share of new customers on a continuous basis. Profit predictions and investment proposals: we maintain the company’s 2023-2025 net return profit forecast as a long-term growth of the track of sneakers, with the company’s strong position as a supply chain leader, accompanied by production.
It is expected to continue to strengthen core competitive advantages, optimize client structures, develop longer-term options, and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: more concentrated production areas, rising labour costs, and the spread of the new crown pneumonia epidemic in Viet Nam
\triangleright, Good Control of the Epidemic, Good Performance, Head Customer Order Extension, Sports Top Business
2022.4 Shinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The Sunda Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for the securities investment advisory business that the CSRC has granted. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.