q4 has a high level of self-profit innovation, and the transformation of new energy sources has accelerated to the ground.
\triangleright ring ratio + 24.8%; net return return profit of 898 million yuan, i.e. 60.4% of the year; autonomous profit (deductible-inputed: 1) increases in sales led to higher growth, with 397 million autonomous sales of 2022q4, i.e. the same amount
The joint-venture losses increased and the company ' s performance was delayed. The return on investment in the consortium and joint venture in 2022 was -- \triangleright -- $3061 million, a decline of $3,986 million in the same year. Anfort sold 251,000 vehicles in 2022, a decrease of --
17,61 per cent of the total annual loss of $2,450 million, mainly due to the decline in sales and the impairment of assets. Chang-Sin, energy and Avita technology, respectively, lost $3,202 million, mainly during the period of strategic investment, 1. Long-Ann vehicles (000,625.sz) in October.
With the expected gradual improvement of the joint venture brand strategy in 2023, coupled with the growth in the volume of deep-blue brand Sl03/s7 sales, as well as the listing of Avita 11/12, the pool returns are expected to continue to fall.
The company has now formed a brand matrix of Lumin+Deep Blue+Avita, and has actively accelerated the transition. Deep blue brands focus on the mainstream price range.
The Aveta brand focuses on high-end intelligence, electric power, e11 version of the electric power plant, which will lower the purchase threshold, and e12 will be on the market in the second half of the year. In traditional brand transformation, Chang-Ayon builds the smart idd sequence based on traditional fuel trucks and will be launched in the second half of the year.
In addition, the company launched the Heinau Bichuan strategy at the Shanghai Car Fair, with 2022/07/27.
Five major schemes, such as speeding up overseas production and product layouts, strengthening branding, enhancing marketing service layouts, improving market layout 5. Long An (000625.sz) and strengthening talent layout, have advanced overseas development, with more than 1.2 million overseas sales planned for 2030.
Review: Production and sales have improved markedly, and electricization has accelerated downsides - 2022/. Electric transformation + faster overseas layouts are expected to contribute to high growth in corporate performance. Investment proposal: accelerate the delay in corporate profitability, taking into account increased competition in the industry and the power transition
The \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions of the study, produces the present report independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.