Chang An Car 2022: Autonomous brands up, year-round, Lu Kamin Autonomous brands up, year-round performance up. Companies overcome the epidemic, power restrictions, and a lack of cores in 2022.
The company has achieved $121.3 billion (+15% of the year) in operating income and $7.80 billion of net profit to its mother (compared to Cao Zed's research assistant in the automobile industry).
Of these, q4 achieved business income of $35.9 billion (+38 per cent of the same year), a net profit of $90.0 billion (+60 per cent of the same year), a Māori rate of 20.9 per cent (+2 per cent of the same year) and a net interest rate of 2.5 per cent (+0.4 per cent of the same year).
\triangleright lumin, Dark Blue Sl03, Aveta 11, un-kidd, Oshanz6id, etc., 5 new fuel vehicle products, uni-v, second generation cs75plus, Chang Angkor, etc., year-round
2.34 million vehicles sold (year-on-year + 2.0 per cent), including 1.875,000 autonomous brand sales (year-on-year + 6.8 per cent), 271,000 new energy sales (year-on-year +150 per cent), 3rd generation of fuel vehicles, such as cs75plus, uni-vidd, 3rd generation cs75plus, etc.
With the 2023 launch of the 2022 old car model, the target of 2.53 million vehicles is expected to be achieved. Focus on three major brands: Long, Deep Blue, Aveta, and a matrix of smart electric products.
\triangleright integrates existing fuel vehicle brands such as "v" tags, "uni" sequences and "Aoshan" to speed up the electrification transition, creates the "Ideal idd" technology label, plans to launch 22 brand new products by 2025 with estimated sales
Maintain 1 million vehicles: new mainstream electrical sequence 0x, first q4 products will be officially marketed in 2023, 5 new products are scheduled to be launched by 2025, estimated to be worth 800,000. 2) Deep blue cars: Main power electric market, 7 new products by 2025, estimated to be sold out of 800,000
Aveta: Upward branding of the high-end market with a plan to roll out four full Sunda S.A. by 2025 Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Cash Bulls in Fuel Truck Operations, New Energy Business is expected to open up growth opportunities
I don't know, cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 1, 9 Towngate Street, Beijing.
Figure 1: Company ' s calendar year earnings / year-on-year growth figure 2: Company ' s calendar year net profit / year-on-year increase figure 4: Company ' s quarterly net profit return (billion yuan) / year-on-year increase
Figure 5: Quarterly Māori Rates & Net Interest Rates for Companies
Gold securities, one year ' s work experience in automobile companies, plus two years ' experience in automobile research. The main areas covered are whole cars, Tesla ' s industrial chain, electronic intelligence, etc. Tsao, Sunda, research assistant in the automobile industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Technology, Beijing Polytechnic University, and the new power of car construction.
What is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consulting business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.