q1 performance was significantly higher than expected, and the electrical transition accelerated.
During the \triangleright period, the high costs of channel construction and marketing promotion, the pressure on the Maori rate, and so on, led to a clear pressure on the entire body of the car at gross interest rates and cost rates. 2023q1 achieved a net return profit of $6.97 billion, compared to the same amount.
\triangleright, of which \triangleright, with long-term new energy sources confirming investment returns of $5,021 million, netting and presenting returns of investment returns of -62 million, corresponding to $173 million (2022q1 investment returns net of Aveta ' s recognized returns).
Investment gains from the same decline are mainly due to: (1) the start-up phase of new energy sources, Arvita, and inputs such as product R & D, canal construction, etc., which have delayed performance performance; and (2) the replacement of traditional joint venture owners, Anfort, and Chang Anma al-Dha.
The company now has a Lumin+Deep Blue+Avi 3. Changan (000625.sz) three-quarterly reporting point in 2022.
Tat's brand matrix, and actively accelerating the electric transition. Deep blue brands focus on the mainstream price range, insisting on pure electricity. Q4 performances are robust, q4 performances can be 2022/11//expansion/hydrogen energy three lines parallel, and heavy loads of new cars s7 are on display in Shanghai. Avita brand focuses on high-end intelligence.
4. Jang's car (000625.sz) is scheduled for sale in July: powerable, e11 version is on the market, the purchase threshold is lowered, e12 will be on the market in the second half of the year. In traditional brand transformation, Chang'an builds a sequence of IEDs based on traditional tankers and will be launched in the second half of the year.
In addition, the company launched the Heinau Bichuan strategy at the Shanghai Car Fair, through the In-depth Report of the Long An Car (000625.sz): three initiatives to speed up overseas production and product layout, enhance branding, enhance marketing services, improve market layout and improve the market layout.
The industry has started an autonomous and dynamic cycle, with electric and intelligent accelerations and the strengthening of five major layouts, such as the talent layout, to boost overseas development, with more than 1.2 million vehicles scheduled to be sold overseas by 2030. Power-driven transformation + the acceleration of overseas layouts is expected to help sustain high growth in corporate performance.
The \triangleright type accelerates, the medium- and long-term logic is clear, the firm's strong product life cycle is expected to be followed by a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.