The company has achieved business income of $12.25 billion in 2022, an increase of 15.3 per cent over the year, a net profit of $7.80 billion to the mother, an increase of 119.5 per cent, a gain of $0.79 per share, and a gold dividend of $2.36 per 10 shares (including taxes).
The increase in sales costs over the year was 10.6 per cent, mainly due to an increase in sales services; the increase in management costs was 0.9 per cent over the same year; the increase in R&D costs, the increase in the Māori rate and the decrease in the cost rate were 169.8 per cent for non-mortality net profits over the year.
Added to the $2.13 billion in investment gains from the reintroduction of Aveta’s reintroduction of recapitalist companies, which generated a profit gain of $2.13 billion. The country’s new energy penetration rate rose rapidly, the company’s product structure continued to be optimized, brands were broken upwards, and revenues were expected to continue to grow.
Tens of thousands of vehicles, up 2.0% from the same year, and sales continue to be on a better scale. Autonomous brand sales amounted to 1,875,000, a 6.8% increase from the same year, while exports amounted to 170,000, leading to an all-time high in export sales. Priority products such as cs75, swipe plus, deep bluesl03, un-k, etc.
Growth. Sales are expected to continue to grow as the corporate transformation strategy becomes more effective and new vehicles are on the market. The overall decline in the profitability of the consortium is mainly due to the suspension of the production trail at Chang Anfort and the impairment of assets; the Avita brand is in a strategic investment phase, in product development and branding.
China’s Chang An Motors Group Ltd. has invested more resources in a wide range of areas, in the creation of channels, and in the introduction of skilled personnel. The company’s performance is expected to continue to grow with a large number of brands.
The brand continues to grow upwards, and the new energy transition has been smooth. During the reporting period, the company focused on long-term security, deep blue, and Afghanistan, using the market price of April 21, 2023, as the standard.
The brands and channels are well established, and new models such as Aveta 11, Deep Blue Sl03 have been introduced, with good sales performance. Corporate marketing innovation has advanced, with Lumin, Deep Blue Sll03 being piloted, and a “three-centre” channel system has been built, with a new marketing operating model that basically connects the scenes, digital connections, and multiple combinations.
Year after year, the company will be launching new products such as c236, Deep Blues7 and Aveta 12, and the intelligent electro-spectral system will continue to improve, brands will continue to rise, full layout will be achieved, and future developments will be better. 23 years will largely sustain the previous profit forecast, considering the company's new energy development is better, and the company is expected to grow.
Long An Car: Continuous Improved Quality of Business, Upwards of Brand 1) Car sales are below expectations; 2) increased competition in the market; 3) increased pressure on raw materials.
"Long An Car: Continuous Improvement in Business Performance, Sales Targets" "Long An Car: Scores and Impairment Delayed Performance, China for Cooperation: Good Futures" 20210423
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.