1023 The profits are higher than expected, the new energy sales have won the industry 1, the bicycles have been upgraded, the products have been better structured, the new energy sales have been better, and the 1023 Autonomous brands (Changqing Chang-Ann/Fat-Ann/Habei) have sold 378,000.
Based on a revenue of 345.56, which was estimated at 9.15 million bicycles, there was a 0.5 million increase in the same year and a 0.46 million increase in the ring, mainly due to the sale of high-value products in the Sl03/cs75/cs55/uni series, which had an upward impact.
2 The fuel vehicle base is profitable and the scale effect of the new energy products is gradually released.
Source product scale effects are being released gradually. 2) Cost rate: 1q233 cost 7.04% influenced by deep blue cars, the highest/lowest price in 52 weeks compared to 52 weeks
China’s Chang An Automobile Group is limited, as a result of the fact that it had its shareholdings re-measured at fair value (with an impact of about 5 billion dollars).3 New vehicle types are heavily marketed, and the distribution of overseas markets has accelerated.
The new vehicle is heavily marketed. The company focuses on three major brands: 1) Deep Blues, 7th quarter: 2) Avetae was listed in the second half of the 12th month: 3) Long An under the flag V/O Shan/uni series is powered by "Twice idd" and stock is increased; the whole new ox system is new.
The market layout of overseas markets has accelerated. The 1023 company owns 60494 overseas sales, an increase of 9.97% compared to the previous year. The company insists on synchronized development of all products within and outside the country.
Strategic bases are being built, European headquarters is being built, and Thai production bases are being built. China’s brands are leading the world in the field of smart electricization, and exports have great growth potential.
Corporate fuel trucks are largely profitable, new energy vehicle-type economies are being released, and with the intensive listing of new models and the opening up of overseas markets, profitability is expected to rise again, sales are not as high as expected, and overseas markets are not expanding as expected.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.