Life in China (601628): Three-quarterly reports after-time companies are leading companies in the domestic life insurance industry. The company issued an advance announcement for three-quarters of Chinese life, and the net profit in the first three quarters of 2019 was equal to the profit.
Fortune 500 and the world brand 500 are the core members of the company with its long history, strong strength, professional leadership and world-renowned brands.
It has won the trust of the widest clientele of society and has always occupied the position of leader of the insurance market in the country. It has been recognized as the “central pillar” of China's insurance industry. The company is China's largest human life.
The main reasons for the significant increase in net profits from the parent company during the reporting period were: 1. Insurance companies with insurance salesmen and group insurance sellers: 2. Significant increase in investment returns on equity assets: 3. One result of the tax reduction policy
There is an extensive distribution network. Companies provide personal life insurance, personal life insurance, and personal insurance.
During the reporting period, there were three major changes in the investment of corporate liabilities, namely, group life insurance, accident insurance and health insurance, the leading individual and group life insurance and year in China.
1. The debt-end opening premium has been scaled up and value transformations overtaken by two to three quarters. At the beginning of the year, the company opened the door with an a/b bonus for an annuity product.
A 52-week inter-share value range product. Since March, the increase in the value rate has helped to ensure a relatively stable overall maturity and value of the liabilities, laying a solid foundation for the second quarter of the transition.
Total equity/distributiona (millions) Corporate marketing focus shifted to long-term guaranteed products while ensuring the quality of agent workforce b/h shares (millions)
In the context of the premium structure, the traditional life insurance policy is also “upgraded” in the context of a significant increase in the sale of guaranteed products, continuing to push down the size of new products and shifting core resources to longer-term products.
The returns on equity investment have increased significantly over a 12-year period, with a significant increase in nbv and nbvmargin over the same period of 18 years.
Increased fixed interest rates for over 30 years of hyper-permanent State debt, local government debt, etc., and long-term stability through investment in high-rated non-target assets, alternative assets and high-quality real estate
The company fully launched a three-year “Scientific Life” campaign during the reporting period, using finance.
Science and technology empowers the entire value chain of insurance. Technology plays a greater role in the management of agents, the management of agents, the introduction of controls and efficiency gains.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that it has made progress in achieving a breakthrough that will enhance the comprehensive competitiveness of the insurance industry.
Life in China (601628): The three-quarterly report is more than anticipated, and it is strongly recommended that since the second half of 18th year, China’s life in China has been rejuvenated by a number of reform initiatives, with significant improvements in the core indicators. After technological empowerment, the company’s combined strength is expected to increase further, and the industry’s Matthews has become more visible.
With the launch of the follow-up product, it is expected that the year 2020’s life will be a rough one. We look firmly at the prospects for corporate development and maintain the “risk of pushing the domestic economy down; the risk of increased trade disputes between China and the United States; the risk of falling capital markets; and the risk of strict financial regulation over the expected risks;
Weaker than expected; less expensive than expected.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports life expectancy in China (601628): 3-quarter reports are more than anticipated, and strongly recommended a bachelor's degree from Wuhan University, a master's degree from Nankai University, and a combination of “Mathematics + Finance”. Four years of banking experience, four years of non-monetary financial research experience, two years of silver.
Research experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2015, fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2016; first in the 9th Crystalball and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and second in the 10th Crystal and Silver Finance Industry in 2016.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.