China's life (601628.sh/2628.hk)
China’s three-quarters performance forecast, with a projected net gain of between 55.6 billion and 59.6 billion dollars in 1-3q2019, has increased significantly, and companies have shown better flexibility in their performance this year. At the end of the valuation, life is now rising significantly from the 3.4 billion level of last year’s same period.
Better equity market performance and lower base periods are the main drivers of net interest growth: a significant increase in net interest on national life of 3q, driven mainly by investment returns, with large increases in investment returns on open-market equity assets, and a sustained increase in investment returns on fixed-income assets.
By this year, the 3q market was relatively stable, although the overall picture was better than during the same period last year (the same period of shock went down). Thanks to last year’s equity market, the 30,2018 life investment was overstretched, resulting in a lower base period (76 per cent net gain of 30 last year).
Since this year, the liabilities have expanded steadily: based on the company’s published monthly premium data, it has achieved a premium of $40.51 billion in three quarters of its life, and a 6.1% increase in yoy, reflecting a steady expansion in the current corporate liability. By the way, this year, we expect that the larger probability will remain relatively flat with the positive growth of the new bill and the surcharge of the renewal premium.
Assumptions continue to make a positive contribution to value growth. In the context of this three-quarter performance forecast, we estimate that there has been a further increase in value growth, which is expected to be higher than in 2018.
We have improved our life-saving projections to better reflect the company’s investment-side contributions. We expect companies to be expected to continue to be reflected in new policy premiums, investment returns, and net profits.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit purposes.