Life in China (601628): The logic of transformation continues to be fulfilled, and the change of course is within reach.
Fortune 500 and the world brand 500 are the core members of the company with its long history, strong strength, professional leadership and world-renowned brands.
It has won the trust of the widest clientele of society and has always occupied the position of leader of the insurance market in the country. It has been recognized as the “central pillar” of China's insurance industry. The company is China's largest human life.
Insurance companies, with a membership of insurance marketing agents, group insurance salesmen and professional and mixed agents in China, were among the most important reasons for the significant increase in net return profits during the reporting period:
The company provides products and services such as personal life insurance, group life insurance, accident and health insurance, which is China’s leading individual and group life insurance and year.
3. One-time impact of the tax reduction policy (tax reduction: $5.154 million).
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Chinese life (601628): The logic of transformation is being fulfilled, and the track changes are expected.
There were three major changes in corporate debt investments during the reporting period: the end-of-the-end debt was a success, and the value transformation effect of the two or three quarters was over-expected. The company opened the door at the beginning of the year through an annuity product, a/b.
In order to ensure a smooth transition, since March, the Department has been struggling to expand the pool of agents, with an additional 50,000 at the end of the third quarter, up 180,000 at the end of the second half of the year, and opening the door to 2020. At the same time, the company has strictly controlled the entry of agents, increased the recruitment of highly educated agents in towns and improved the overall quality of agents.
In the context of the premium structure, traditional life insurance is also “upgraded” in the context of a significant increase in the sale of guaranteed products, which continues to reduce the scale of the new trade-offs (less than 0.4 per cent), and core resources continue to shift to longer-term delivery.
At the same time, in response to the downside of interest rates, companies have continuously increased the allocation of over 30 years of ultra-permanent national debt, local government debt to lock interest rates, and have led to long-term investments in long-term stable cash flows, such as investments in high-rated non-valued assets and high-quality real estate, reducing volatility in the rate of return on the investment portfolio, more effective protection against market risks, and early deployment of new accounting standards.
The organizational restructuring of the Centre is nearing completion, with the establishment of a market-based sequence and a well-developed performance appraisal mechanism and a more competitive performance incentive mechanism that will have a positive impact on strengthening the management of researchers, enhancing efficiency and overall investment capacity.
As of the second half of 18th year, the company has implemented a number of reform initiatives that have reinvigorated its operations and significantly improved its core indicators.
Year after year, the company’s early and dominant layout is extremely competitive in the current market, and the product design is more humane and has a wider audience. The expected date of 2020 is “hot”.
Downside risks to the domestic economy: risks of increased trade disputes between China and the United States: risks of falling capital markets: risks of financial regulation being harsher than expected: risks of less-than-expected liquidity; risks of less-than-expected premium revenues; sources of financial prosperity in the East
East Hing Stock Exchange reports Chinese life (601628): The logic of transformation is being fulfilled, and the track changes are on track.
B.A., Wuhan University, Master of Science, Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, four years of non-banking financial research experience, and two years of banking experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Non-Golden Financial Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Non-Golden Finance Industry in 2016. Member of the 9th Crystalball and Non-Golden Finance Industry Group, first in 2015 and second in the 10th Crystal and Non-Goldier Finance Industry in 2016.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.