Value profits continue to rise, and the institutional reform dividend is released 29 October 2019, i.e. +190.41 per cent, corresponding to eps 2.03 yuan/share; attributed to the parent company ' s net shareholder assets
nbv Continues strong growth!q3 and 20.4% are slightly above expectations, Nbvm is expected to continue to rise, and the "open door red" is expected to drive high-speed corporate value growth in 2020: the company ' s new value growth rate in the first three quarters has been a full-scale leader of its counterparts, mainly from 1) the fast growth of the new list: the first three quarters, and the growth rate of the new product will be high.
The company has achieved a total new policy premium of $162.2 billion (“New policy premium for long-term insurance + short-term insurance”), and after establishing a base of size, the firm's focus on guaranteed product sales, which continue to be optimized and valued in the second quarter, is expected to continue to increase at nbvm. In addition, the "open door red" in 2020 is expected to continue to rise.
Given that the product is attractive + the advance of the advance + the growth in manpower size, the country’s life’s “open door” performance is expected to be fully ahead of the industry, and the new business value of q1 is expected to continue to grow strongly next year.
Net profits increased significantly over the same period +19.4 per cent and are expected to remain high throughout the year: the company ' s net profits for the first three quarters were 57.7 billion yuan, compared with 190.4 per cent in the previous quarter, and q3 had higher profits for the first quarter +483.4 per cent, mainly because of the bright performance of the investment end.
Bond allocation and investment in untied assets, with a net return on investment up +0.21 to 4.83 per cent; and core assets, such as high dividends and dividends, on the equity side, driven by better equity markets, with total profits above the base (8.47 billion per season), which, in our view, is expected to remain viable throughout the year.
A continuation of hyper-speed growth and a strong equity performance is expected to increase the year’s value-added rate. The year is the first year of the “new life,” and the company is strategically guided to achieve a quarter of “open door” and two, with strong performance and nbv leading.
A smooth transition in the third quarter. At present, the company is moving forward with a new process centred on organizational restructuring, focusing the second half of the year on “Soft Head Office, Prefectural Area, Unity City, Live Grassroots”, strengthening the former 2, Chinese Life (601628): nbv
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: in the short term, the company's total annual value and profit indicators are expected to be in 3, China's life (601628): performance
In the long run, the “new project” continues, and changes in management are expected to deliver dividends.
Figure 1: Mother ' s net profit and the same rate of increase in 2012-2019q3
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board