Investment rating: Purchase (first time) • Strategy: From deep-farming SMEs to dynamic wealth management
The second is the “friendship of the richest people”, which corresponds to the strategy of deep-farming SMEs, and the latter to the strategy of wealth management, which will bring about micro, small and personal loans: the second growth curve in interest income.
Retail company loans have increased by more than 35 per cent the same year since 2019, benefiting from: (1) effective team-building: 309 business teams in late 2020 and fast-growing
billion (yoy+067 million) with a per capita size of 37 million (yoy+001 million). (2) A rich product matrix: retail company operations include 11 financing services, covering a variety of credit-added methods and designing different business links; cash management operations include co-mingled, fast-tracking operations.
Four products, such as cards, are used in business day-to-day settlements and transactions. (3) Retail company clients with a high volume: the number of retail companies awarded increased between 2018 and 2020.
Loans continue to grow at an explosive rate due to a lower base. • Wealth management: the core engine of intermediate income, agent revenue, has received more than 80 per cent of the contribution:
(1) On-line liquidity + team-building: Ningpo Bank approximation, glutinous, cash flow plate emphasis on wealth management, covering a rich system of substitute sales; wealth management team has grown rapidly in Ningpo Bank retail and individual loans, and the wealth management business is expected to continue.
With a projected net return profit in 2021-2023 of $192,379.34 million, start-up accelerator huaanrearch 1 from deep-farming small and medium-sized enterprises to dynamic wealth management
Ningbo Bank was preceded by Ningbo Commercial Bank, which was formed in 1997 by 17 local urban cooperatives. The current Chairman, Mr. Lu Huayuan, began his term in 2000 with the constitution of Ningbo Bank, which is close to small and medium-sized enterprises.
In 2000-2006, basic strategies were developed. (1) Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) were targeted to create a corresponding group of clients and to build a stable group of business clients. (2) In 2006, the Bank of Sino-China was introduced as a strategic investor, with supplementary capital, and the marriage technology to provide a path for staff training. (3) A “scorecard” was developed.
Specialized control system. 2007-2013, regional expansion. (1) In 2007, the Bank of Ningpo was listed, while the Shanghai branch opened; (2) in 2008, the Shenzhen branch opened. Since then, the Suzhou, Wenzhou, Wuxi and Beijing branches have opened.
(3) In 2013, the long triangle was initially formed, with the Pearl Triangle and Ring Bay as two-wing development patterns. From 2014 to the present, large retailing strategies and digitization have been advanced.
Figure 1 The Ningbo Bank's development history Adaptive strategies and changes are directly reflected in excellent financial data:
\triangleright, in terms of rate of return, has long-term stability of 17-20% by 2020 at Ningpo Bank Roe. Before the outbreak, Roa and rorwa were on the growth track.
The banks accumulated 42 billion yuan through ipo, fixed increases, shares, and priority shares, but the accumulated net profit was $102.1 billion (no discount factor is taken into account).In terms of the speed of the increase, Ningpo Bank's total assets, revenues and net profits were raised for five years cagr (2016-2020).
\triangleright \triangleright From the point of view of the composition of operating income, as of 21q3, net interest income, fees and commissions,
The share of investment returns was 62.9%, 14.5%, and 22.1% respectively, constituting the three main engines of revenue collection. In this case, the net return on investment grew at a very high rate and rose.
Figure 4. Ningpo Bank profit schedule: Increases in the percentage of investment returns of Ningpo Bank; Figure 7 Disaggregated interest income and interest expenditure of Ningpo Bank
• Repository of funds and other financial institutions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
• Disbursing funds and selling back or buying financial assets ;
In terms of the distribution of the area of the share of assets, the Ningbo banking sector is concentrated in Ningbo (37.5 per cent of the total), Shanghai (7.2 per cent), Hangzhou (5.2 per cent), Nanjing (4.7 per cent), Shenzhen (5.9 per cent), Suzhou (5.1 per cent), Beijing (5.9 per cent),
First, the nominal gdp growth rate and the loan balance in the area where the branch is located are significantly higher than in the country, with retail loans increasing at the same rate. Second, local firms in the branch are growing at a flat rate.
Averages and medians are significantly higher than the national level as a whole, and in the decade 2011-2020, only 2015 saw a marginal expansion of the market. If the local competitiveness of Ningbo branches is measured in two dimensions: asset balance/local nominal gdp, asset balance/local loan stock, it can be seen that branches have been in place since 2018.
By comparison, the head office + Ningbo branch share, though falling back in 2019, rebounded in late 2020 – in a broad credit boom in 2020, Ningpo Bank seized the opportunity and made a difference. Locally published adjusted homogeneity varies slightly, but given that we make profit predictions using accelerations and ratios, the results are consistent as long as the results are consistent.
3 Micro and individual loans: second growth curve in interest income 3.1 loans: geographical balance, rapid growth in micro and individual loans Change in the geographical distribution of loans reflective of the movement of Ningpo Bank from Ningbo City to the provinces, Jiangsu, Beijing and Guangdong
During the expansion process, loans from Ningbo city and other municipalities in the provinces grew at a high rate since 2018, with a rise in marginality. In the first year, 45.5 per cent of loans from 6.3 per cent to 21.5 per cent in the provinces.
Loans of $41,371 million, wholesale company loans of $27.2 billion, retail company loans of $131.1 billion, and the share of individual loans in total loans is growing at a rapid rate. As of 2021h, corporate loans account for 3.2 corporate loans: optimal strategies, aggressive retailing
(1) Deep Farming Wholesale Clients: Systematization + Up-upgrading + Standardization 2017, based on the previous “market win”, “Silver win” and “export-to-export win” special financial services programmes, to enhance marketing for listed or prospective listed companies and to lay the foundation for subsequent business development in 2018,
In 2019, the “123” client coverage scheme was supplemented by a three-year target of 100 active company clients per branch, while the marketing of priority companies, such as listed, proposed listing, and exporting and importing enterprises, continued to be enhanced.
Improving the system of products in progress, with an emphasis on onlineization and mobility, continues to strengthen comparative advantages in such products as paper, finance, government, and income-friendly goods. For example, instruments are based on the life cycle of the instrument, creating ticket openings, bill collection, discounts, financing, and full process-line service.
In addition, the promotion line has been upgraded and mobile, covering such operations as loans, bills, bonds, supply chains, etc.
After 2017, companies focused more on specialized marketing teams, upgrading the list system, upgrading marketing, 18.9 per cent of sales, more than 110,000 (data 2021h) wholesaler clients, and close to 20,000 active clients. Of this total, households with active clients had loans of 13,092,000, and with the high rate of growth of effective clients, loans had declined.
(ii) Retailing company services: expansion of the workforce + upgrading services + upgrading of the quantity of clients
The average retail company loan size of the team was $351 million, an increase of $67 million from the end of the previous year. At the same time, the average retail company loan size was $37 million, an increase of $41 million over the same period, while the number of retail company services covered different lines of business operations.
First, financing services include 11 products, such as tax loans, fast-track loans, fast-track loans, and loans, which meet the needs of large and small enterprises.
Retarded loans, etc., apply not only to different types of credit-added (mortgage, pledge and credit loans), but also to the different components of business operations (receivable mortgages and letter of credit loans). Second, cash management operations include four products, such as conservancy, short-calculation cards, that can be used in business settlements and other transactions.
By the end of 2020, retail companies had 358,000 clients, of whom 117,000 had been awarded to them, and clients had been awarded to them. By the end of 2020, the average loan size of retail companies had been 924,000, with an increase in the number of clients awarded to them.
Figure 14 Ningpo Bank, Financial Services System, Figure 15: Effective increase in the share of wholesaler clients, Figure 16: Increase in the share of retailer clients
Figure 17 Average size of wholesaler lending, Figure 18 Average size of retail corporate lending, Figure 20 Small Microgroups and per capita loan size
Figure 19 Number of micro-groups 3.3 individual loans: high growth in consumer and business loans, housing loans
At the same time, the Bank of Ningbo continues to push for product upgrading, integration into big data analysis, focus on key clients, customer labels for the upper-line credit category, personal loan balances have continued to grow since 2017. Consumer loans, business loans, and mortgages have continued to grow at a higher rate.
Despite the limitations of the mortgage policy, horizontal comparisons and the share of Ningpo Bank housing loans in total loans, at only 4.3%, are still well below the average of 15%, and there is still much room for improvement in the future.
In a horizontal comparison of figure 24, the share of Ningpo bank mortgages remains low, with 3.4 deposits: deposits are growing at a high rate, with the share of personal term deposits increasing by 19% the same year. Structuredly, wholesale/retail company deposits/total personal deposits are proportionally higher.
In contrast, Ningpo Bank has the lowest overall cost of deposit (1.82%, 2021h). First, in terms of cost interest rates, the cost of a company's time deposit (2.20%), followed by the cost of an individual time deposit (3.22%), and the cost of a call deposit (whether public or private) has no advantage.
In terms of the structure of the deposits, the ratio of deposits and loans in the municipal comptoirs, corresponding to the three lines of wholesale companies, retail companies and individual banks, is 75 per cent (37 per cent fixed-term and 38 per cent on demand).
Second, as a whole, wholesaler lines of money compensate retail companies and individual credit for the investment, while personal funds are diverted to property.
Figure 27 Share of deposits/loans in the various lines of operations of Bank Ningbo 3.5: Policy-led loan interest rate down 4.93%.
The rate of return was generally lower than that of other individual credit loans: the lower rate of return on corporate loans was mainly due to policy-led drops in the cost of real entity financing, and the downward adjustment of lpr to lower pricing benchmarks. In a horizontal comparison, Ningpo Bank ' s overall rate of return on loans was only lower than that of Changsha in the city ' s comptoirs, but it was personal loans.
The rate of return was the highest. On the whole, Ningpo Bank had a 2.33 per cent net interest gap, and the urban comptoir had a lower than Changsha Bank.
4 Wealth management: Already a core engine of middle income 4.1 currents: scene surges + finance + finance, and high growth of individual clients.
Finance provides differentiated products (white-collar, tradable, micro-leasing, etc.) for different groups of customers, covering a wealthier system of marketing such as funds, trusts, gold, solid revenue, and win-win estates.
As of 2021h, the number of subscribers to Bank Ningpo was 5.3473 million, an increase of 18.04 per cent and the number of users of Mau was 2,55.34 million, an increase of 11.5 per cent; by 2020, the number of individual clients of Bank Ningpo was 12.11 million, an increase of 13.6 per cent, an increase of 2021h.
Individual clients aum aum aum an 60,95 billion, an increase of 24.1 per cent from the same year to a rate of more than 20 per cent since 2019, of which the share of personal deposits in aum is stable at around 35 per cent. 4.2 Private banks: leaping to the new steps
2021h The number of private bank clients at Ningbo Bank reached 11209, an increase of 63.3% in the same year, and rose to a new level in 2017. Private banks had a balance of $128.8 billion, an increase of 49.8% in the same year.
At the same time, resources are integrated to meet the full range of needs of private bank clients, focusing on the three dimensions of individual, family, and career. 4.3 Wealth management: agency income accounts for more than 80% of the total.
The management of wealth has been a major transformation in the personal operations of Ningpo Bank since 2018. At the end of 2020, platinum operations and above reached 388,000 clients, an increase of 43,000, or 12.4 per cent, compared to the previous year.
The number of corporate finance managers has reached 2,800, laying the groundwork for subsequent clientisation and business growth. Since 2020, agency income has accounted for more than 80% of fees and commissions, mainly because of wealth.
Management operations are a transformational business focus, with continuous investment of manpower to promote client finance, agency funds, agency insurance, etc. Chart 33 Ningpo Bank personal client aum chart 32 Ningpo Bank individual client
Figure 34 Ningbo Bank app user speed, Chart 36 Ningpo Bank private bank client, Chart 37 Ningbo Bank private bank aum
Chart 38 Ningbo Bank App Content Matrix Figure 39 Ningpo Bank Charges and Commission Income Structure 5 Asset Quality: Gene implantation Control Awareness
Ningpo Bank has for many years adhered to the concept of “risk control is cost reduction” and to a series of risk management measures, such as a unified letter of credit policy, risk early warning based on independent letters of approval, loan return visits, industry studies, industry chain studies, and following the economic cycle and industrial restructuring.
As a result, the asset management record has been very impressive. The rate of negative production has been around 0.8% since 2019, and the coverage of the provision has been above 500% since 2018.
Figure 43 Bank failure rates and coverage of provisions
Figure 46, bank roe, chart 47, bank roa, chart 48, bank rorwa
Figure 49 Ningbo Bank Holdings, Chart 50 Ningbo Bank Management Information, Chart 51 Ningbo Bank Top Ten Shareholders and Shareholding Ratios
Ningbo Development Investment Group Ltd. • Hong Kong Bank of Singapore Ltd. • Yagor Group Inc.
• Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Ltd.  Huamoo Group Inc.  Ning Bofo Holdings Group Ltd.
• Hong Kong Bank of Singapore Ltd. (qfii)  Ninghing (Ningbo) Asset Management Ltd.  Ningbo City Orbital Transport Group Ltd.