Intelligent manufacturing and idc go hand in hand.
Engineering services, outsourcing of services, systems integration. Corporate strategic planning is clear, business planning is field-based. Corporate financial indicators are excellent, cash flows are robust, and R & D inputs have accounted for more than 10% of operating income in the last three years.
The year 2018 was the beginning of the full implementation of the industrial Internet, and the company built on its power in the field of industrial software, surrounded the list of projects to be supported by the Industrial Internet Innovation Development Project. In 2017, the country ' s industrial Internet market was about $470 billion, and it was expected that the annual size of the industrial Internet would be between 2018 and 2020.
The company officially launched the Treasure Industries Internet platform in 2017, and its successful use in real-time analysis of Treasure Steel's dashboard optimizes product quality and improves efficiency.
The global market for idc grew faster than the global market. The global market for idc reached $53.47 billion in 2017, an increase of 18.3 per cent, and the Chinese market for idc, a total of $94.61 billion, an increase of 32.4 per cent over the same period.
Idc’s Shanghai-based operation is expected to expand Wuhan; Bo’s cloud base is built efficiently, and the technical team is experienced. The company plans to build a hangar, using a wholesale business model based on orders, with a Māori business rate higher than the city’s average, and Idc’s market share is expected to rise further below the Bo’s cloud.
The year 2018 was an important time for information-building after the merger. The speed of company software development and engineering services was 46% related to the speed of construction of the steel industry and about 30% related to the company.
The size of the stock is 70% of the value of the stock, which is expected to boost the income of the software by 20%.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, 1,000th Hengsheng Da, Lujiang Gate Road, and Fukuda District, Fukuwa 6th tax-free.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The company is China’s leading industrial software industry application solution and service provider, holding shares in the steel stock, effectively controlling the Iron and Steel Group, and ultimately controlling the State Finance Committee of the State Council. The Department’s products and services cover steel, transport, medicine, mining, colouring, chemicals, equipment manufacturing, gold, etc.
In the long run, firstly, the company has turned its back on the steel manufacturing industry, and has joined the iron and steel industry's Internet platform, highlighting the company's power in the field of informatization. In 2017, the Treasure Industries Internet was officially launched.
The integration and integration of in-house information flows, capital flows, and logistics. After the merger, the public sector helped build the information base of the company and worked to implement the development of the industrial Internet, providing a solid basis for sustained growth in corporate operations over the next 2-3 years.
In the short term, the company’s idc business orders continue to be put on hold, with a three-phase project to build and deliver treasures on schedule in 2017. The company has nearly 20,000 cabinets, with a wholesale business model and a profit-making model.
The idc market is still at a high rate of growth, with companies having a unique natural advantage (shareholder resources, geographical advantages, technical teams) and a strong Māori ratio and size advantage for idc operations.
Markets generally consider corporate idc operations to be the biggest bright spot, while software services are entering a relatively smooth growth phase. We believe that: 1; information-building as a result of the merger is the first item in the company’s business plan. Given the complexity and scale of the merger, group-level information-building tasks will guarantee the company.
High-speed growth in software service operations in the future; 2, company-backed steel manufacturing pioneers, published in 2017, the Boinin Industries Internet platform, which has been successfully used to optimize quality. The future will likely gain from extensive use to boost corporate revenue in software services; 3, idc market share is expected to increase further.
The company’s pre-eminence in idc’s business, its mode of operation and shareholder support ensure that the focus of the company’s market is still on the growth of idc’s business. Given the historical development opportunities faced by the company and the genes of the public sector in the steel industry, we believe that “smart manufacturing +idc” will be the focus of market attention.
For the first time, the coverage is given as an “enhanced” rating. Taken together, it is based on the company’s intellectual advantage and double the idc’s business.
1.1 The company is a powerful steel-controlled company, Shanghai Boshin Software Inc. is China's leading industrial software industry application solution and service provider.
The company’s products and services range from steel to traffic, medicine, extraction, colour, chemicals, equipment manufacturing, finance, public services, and water to water. The company’s actual control of China’s BMW Steel Group is China’s most modern and competitive steel.
In 2017, the BMW Steel Group of China achieved its best business performance in the steel industry in China.
Business income is $40.5 billion and profits are $14.27 billion, ranking 204th highest in the wealth world.1.2 Working on the creation of smart cities, leading industrial software.
In addition, the company continues to maintain its leading position in industrial software: Qing, “China Software and Information Technology Services Integrated Competitiveness Index 2017”, 20th place: awarded by the China Soft Association to the “201710 Major Innovative Software Enterprises”; and entered the “First Smart Manufacturing System” of the Panchayat.
Recommended Catalogue of Solutions Providers: The iirail Integrated Control Software platform is the first in-country to pass through the Euro standard sil2 security certification: “Integrity of information systems and certification of large-scale enterprises for services.” The three main business lines of the company are software development and engineering services, outsourcing of services, and soft system integration.
Development and outsourcing of engineering services and services accounts for more than 95% of total operating income, with a Māori ratio of 21.83% and 41.75% respectively. The historical financial disclosure data show that Māori rates for software development and engineering services are stable, and that the higher Māori rate for outsourcing services is an important part of the incremental profits of companies.
Figure 4: Three business Māori Rates Explore the ability to build smart factories and intelligent manufacturing to plan for a deep integration of industry of 4.0 “doubtization”
To solve the problems, industrial robotics, humanized logistics control, continuous technological innovation in emerging fields such as cloud computing, mobile interconnection, big data, and humanization.
Based on sound management systems (qhsei, cmmi, etc.), integrated communications, strong integrated capabilities, technology, products and systems that are mainstream in the fields of e.g., automation and intelligence
Long-term commitment to the creation of intelligent cities, with complete industrial software and improved business-building capabilities
A clear corporate strategy is clear. Corporate strategic planning is clear and business planning is operational in the field. Company planning during the 13th Five-Year Plan.
The objective is “to build a stable profit-making and well-respected intelligence-serving enterprise.” The company has developed a detailed strategic plan covering the company's main business and, from the point of view of the planning, it has increased its investment and development in new and emerging areas such as the industrial Internet, cloud computing and so forth, in the context of building on existing areas of advantage.
In addition, the company will move forward with strategic transformations based on strategic planning, taking into account the current state of affairs.
Table 1. Corporate strategic planning
Cloud computing services, big industrial data, financial software and financial services nurture three new business directions idc, artificialization, object networking, intelligent transportation
Development of four strategic operations Optimizing the five traditional operations that make up core competitiveness Informationization, automation, information services, intelligence, electromechanical integration
On September 22, 2016, the National Finance Committee agreed to a joint restructuring of the BMG and the Wuhan Steel Group.
Based on service groups and industries, providing enterprise and society with integrated solutions and corresponding engineering services that operate efficiently throughout the life cycle. Table 2. Corporate business planning
Full and deep progress in the integration of the BMW, the advancement of the center by Wuhan, the active involvement of the BMW in the integration and integration related work, the increased investment of resources in the field of intelligence-making, and the development of the entire process of a metallurgical factory.
Towards an overall process-intelligence programme for metallurgical plants, enabling the whole programme to move forward with the construction of the idc project and accelerate products in areas related to smart equipment.
To expand idc, smart equipment and smart city operations, to continuously optimize corporate governance systems and system support, and to create an integrated management system that reflects industry's professional characteristics.
Effectively accomplishing the objectives of "two gold" and "slender body", strengthening the "two gold" and "slender body", focusing on resource inputs, focusing on and investing in product development, exploring platformed research and development and products.
Efforts to explore business models and product development models for innovation
The business income of companies and the net profit of parent companies increased at the same rate in 2017 by 20.59 per cent and the company ' s accounts receivable as a proportion of operating income in the first quarter of 2018 were settled through orders.
The company ' s accounts receivable ratio for 2015-2017 was 49.76 per cent, the company ' s overhead rate and the sales cost rate showed a downward trend after peaking in 2015. The company ' s R & D input share of business income remained at over 10 per cent for the last three years.
The industrial Internet is the high point of the new global industrial competition. The industrial Internet creates machines, materials, materials.
Human beings, the infrastructure of information systems, the creation of intelligent development, scientific decision-making, and intellectual control, have greatly improved the efficiency of manufacturing resource allocation. It is important to revitalize our real economy and promote manufacturing to the middle and upper ends.
The year 2018 marks the beginning of the full implementation of the industrial Internet. The structural reforms on the supply side, which began in 2015 with the emphasis on de-capacity, de-storage, de-leveraging, cost reduction, and patches, were launched, and in three years, the output lags out.
In October 30, 2017, the State Council's Standing Committee considered the adoption of the Guidelines for Deepening the “Internet + Advanced Manufacturing” for the Development of the Industrial Internet in order to promote the revitalization of the real economy and accelerate the upgrading of the transition.
Web platform, followed by the Industrial Internet Development Action Plan, the Industrial Internet Task Force Work Plan 2018, and the list of projects to be supported by the Industrial Internet Innovation Development Project 2018.
The three main systems of networking, platforms, security, innovation in the integration of large enterprises and the application of small and medium-sized enterprises, as well as two types of applications, are designed to support industry, ecology, and internationalization. The industrial Internet market is vast. In 2017, the country ' s industrial Internet market was about 470 billion people.
The market size of the industrial Internet is expected to increase at an average annual rate of 18 per cent between 2018 and 2020, with a physical structure with major infrastructure (40.90 per cent), software and applications (30.70 per cent), communications and platforms (27.60 per cent) and industrial safety (0.80 per cent).
2.2 On June 12, 2018, the IMS of the Ministry of Industry and Communications announced the list of projects to support the Industrial Innovative Internet Development Project 2018, and the company's access to the Iron and Steel Industry Internet platform highlighted the company's presence in information.
It explores the combination of digital technology with its professional advantages in areas such as metallurgy, petrochemicals, electricity, etc., by officially launching the Treasure Industries Internet platform in 2017, which integrates and integrates intra-firm information flows, financial flows and logistics.
The Treasure Steel Group, based on the Treasure Industries Internet platform, has made it possible to connect the enterprise ' s ot-it layer through the collection and conversion of field equipment data, enabling the data to flow efficiently between the entire manufacturing system and the system. In terms of product quality optimization, the Treasure Steel is achieved through the Treasure Industries Internet platform.
Quality closed loop control of steel plates in the production process was completed through the integration of multi-source, multistructured data information, reduced direct manual involvement, reduced labour intensity of workers, reduced probability of error, and reduced input into human costs.
3.1 The country's Idc market is transitioning from a high-speed development phase to a mature phase.
Infrastructure is an important vehicle for carrying cloud computing and future business development. idc service providers can be split between a telecommunications operator, a professional Idc service provider, and a cloud service provider depending on resources and operating patterns.
The global Idc market continued to grow more steadily in 2017, driven by cloud computing operations, with an overall market share of $53.47 billion, an increase of 18.3 per cent. The Asian region continued to lead the way in the regions, growing at an overall rate of over 30 per cent, with idc representing China, India and South-East Asian countries.
The total size of China ' s idc market in 2017 was 94.61 billion yuan, a year-on-year growth rate of 32.4 per cent, which slowed the growth rate by 5.4 percentage points. The absolute value of the idc market size has continued to grow, the country ' s idc market is transitioning from a high-speed development period to a maturity period, and customers ' demand is clearer and can be acquired in the procurement of idc operations.
It is accurate enough to assess actual demand; at the same time, the idc service provider maintains the principle of flat-rate expansion and steadily expands the market. Markets provide both rationally to deal with procurement needs and supply capabilities, which marks the emergence of idc as a professional, compliant, and benign market in China.
The domestic idc market is entering maturity, the Internet enterprise idc application landscape is more stable, the digital transformation of traditional enterprises is increasing, the growth of the idc market is slowing in the next two years, and the overall market size will remain on the upward trend, projected to exceed $12 billion in 2018.
The country’s idc market is characterized by three main features: first, policy guides the shift of the idc industry’s focus to the western region. Overall, the idc industry has a clear pattern of east-westerly cold; and, second, the traditional industry continues to cross the idc market, a trend that was particularly evident in 2017, on the one hand, by expanding new business through mergers and acquisitions.
Areas; on the other hand, the introduction of partner ' s data centre operations and transportation capabilities, which support the rapid upgrading of existing idc operations; and, on the other hand, encouraged and driven by national policies, domestic enterprises are expanding their natural advantages in overseas markets to 3.2 per cent, with significant scale effects
The idc operation started in 2005 and now has more mature idc business experience. The company’s demand in the idc business market continues to be released, and the idc three-phase project is scheduled to be built in 2017. At the same time, the company continues to build and improve the idc business management system.
Keeping the business management process optimized, ensuring safe and stable operations, and ensuring that benefits are met while operating in a standard and scale-based manner. We believe that the Treasure letter has three advantages as an idc manufacturer.
Scales are the greatest advantage of idc. Basic telecommunication operators tend to select idc service providers with the advantage of scale, and cooperation is based on hardware construction and consistency considerations such as services, security, etc. Once established, it will bring stable and sustained returns to idc service providers and broad branding effects.
Should. Idc service providers with the advantage of scale have a clear pre-eminence in seeking partnerships with basic telecommunications providers. The factors that constrain the development of idc scale are, inter alia, land, electricity, etc. Companies have the conditions for the development of idc scale.
Rich. idc’s natural, good land power supply is provided by the Boar and Steel Corporation’s Quarter. The park’s abundant land supply (2.8 square kilometres), plant and plant resources, as well as existing self-contained power plants, well-developed power supply and distribution and water supply resources, can provide large quantities of customized machine space for large customers.
With the support of Steel Group, Bosin has successfully acquired lease rights for the Luang factory area and the above resources, using existing facilities such as the plant, the supply and distribution of electricity, and making appropriate adaptations to the needs of the Treasure Cloud project, perfecting the stringent land and water requirements of the idc machine room.
Secondly, after addressing the land and electricity problems that have limited the development of idc, with the completion of the Treasure Cloud base, the future company cabinets are expected to expand to more than 30,000, the scale effects are becoming more apparent, and the market will become more competitive and will greatly enhance the competitive advantage of the Treasure News idc business, which is not the case with competitors.
Finally, the company’s main clients are state companies and large Internet companies, with higher stability. With a relatively high Māori rate of company idc operations and a high volume of orders, the future company’s Idc market is expected to take over.
Second, the Idc operation is based in Shanghai, where it is expected to expand Wuhan. The Shanghai regional market has traditionally been an important node for the deployment of the resources of large-scale data centres across the country.
Beijing, Guangdong, and Shanghai are the three largest markets for the idc industry in the country, with Shanghai accounting for around 11.4% of the total. The Bosin software is based on Shanghai, which brings together hardware, software, customers, talent, capital, etc.
The company grew up quickly because of its advantages. By relying on the steel factory, it avoided the disadvantage of land, electricity, while enjoying the advantages of Shanghai as a first-line city, allowing the company to have a larger front-runner.
Wuhan is one of the six common core nodes of the ip backbone of the net, which is also the most prominent city in the country in terms of network resources. In the company’s annual report of 2017, it is mentioned that the company will continue to push for a comprehensive and in-depth overhaul of the BMW information system.
Convergence, gradual expansion of system coverage and operational synergy; and further exploration of the use of Wuhan as a base for central business development based on service territory operations. Wuhan's advantage is likely to again provide the Bo-Sin software with a natural advantage, enabling the Bo-Sin software idc operation to move smoothly to the military.
Third, the Treasure Clouds are very efficient, the technical team is experienced, and the Treasure Cloudsidc phase covers about 10,000 square metres of land, and construction started in the second half of 2013, in September 2014.
The company is one of the first units to obtain a "Corporate System Integration (CRIS) Level 1" certificate.
Multi-year technology and experience in the design, implementation and operation and maintenance of information systems, more than 10 years of service management and innovation, cross-products, cross-professional horizontal integration, and vertically dedicated technical capacity.
Dozens of technical certifications, 8 csie certifications for Cisco Accreditation Network experts, 7 cip certifications for registered information security specialists, 4 certifications for registered information systems security practitioners, and 4 certifications for company ' s Treasure Cloudidc Industrial Base, a leading high-end neutral data centre in the country, with existing industry size
Nearly 20,000 cabinets. Since 2013, the company has built and commercialized Treasure Clouds Idc, II, III, IV. The 30,000-sized Idc campus will be built in the future, the largest single-body idc density in the East China region.
The data centre, which has 4,000 4.5kw cabinets, and the telecommunications operator-level custom data under construction in phase II, has 4,000 4kw cabinets. In strategic collaboration, Ali Baba customizes the idc engine room as the largest idc project in Shanghai single, with approximately 4,000 cabinets and an overall building area of 26270 square metres.
idc’s market share has been rising steadily. The company has adopted a business model of first order, then construction, to ensure the hangover rate and operating efficiency. The third-party neutral data centre service market is estimated to be about one-third.
Millions of dollars, with a market share of about 1.61%, is about 1.54% higher than in 2016. We believe that with the completion of the Idc, II, III, and IV phases and their subsequent commercialization, Idc’s market share is expected to continue to rise.
The company uses a wholesale business model and a profit model. It invests in data centres based on user-driven planning design and business service level requirements. The company is responsible for operating and maintaining customized data, including in-house construction, day-to-day management, maintenance services for users, etc.
The ODCs are not only able to meet customer customization needs, but are also more advantageous in terms of energy consumption and economies of scale.
(b) The profit model: the company has a contract with a customer, such as a telecommunications operator, to charge monthly fees for the hosting of the idc container to a customer, such as a telecommunications operator, based on the number of machines actually used: the end customer pays the idc services to a telecommunications operator, etc., on a scheduled basis under a contract agreement with a telecommunications operator, etc.
The company’s idc business has a strong Māori ratio and size advantage. The idc industry is an asset-intensive industry, requiring larger forward inputs, a business model similar to commercial property, and a long recovery cycle.
Some of the idc firms choose to securitize their assets to reduce corporate financial pressure. Domestic firms have more options for self-financing and greater financial leverage, and domestic luminous new networks have far lower asset-liability ratios than other idc firms, with lower financial costs and a significantly higher profitability than others.
Counterparts. In contrast, companies have a unique geographical and natural cost advantage. In 2014-2016, the ratio of Māori in the public domain was estimated to be 44.25%, 47.13%, and 43.14% respectively.
Based on the actual order situation, the average annual rental rate of a container is about $65,000 (based on a 10-year rate of $2.6 billion, or 4,000 units).
The annual rental rate of the container is $917,000 (based on $5.5 billion in 20 years, 3,000 units), with a 41 per cent increase in the unit price. According to the first publicly released a-share announcement from Shanghai Data Harbour Inc., its Idc data centre operations averaged for the period 2013 to June 2016.
A container is priced between $60,000 and $70,000, and companies have a comparative advantage in pricing.iv. Benefiting from the information consolidation process brought about by the merger is an opportunity for the company to develop historically.
In its 2017 annual report, article 1 of the company's business plan explicitly mentions that the company will actively engage in the integration of weapons of mass destruction, the integration of the various components of the integration, the continued comprehensive and in-depth promotion of the integration of the information of the weapon of mass destruction, the gradual expansion of the system's coverage and the safeguarding of operational synergies, and further explores ways of building on the operation of the service territory.
Wuhan furthered business development in the centre for the base. Boshin was a fully-owned subsidiary of BGL prior to its incorporation, and has long been a major provider of IT services to other affiliated companies within BG; after its placement, because of the need for business continuity and services
If that were the case, it would also be long-term, leading to the persistence of business-related transactions in the company’s main business. 4.2 Soldier Group operations are expected to boost company performance significantly.
70% of the stock, so that the merger is expected to boost 20% of the revenue from the software. Given the more cumbersome, informative and other factors, these estimates are still conservative.
If the Wu Gang is being restructured by the Bo Steel Group, similar to the 8 Steel Group acquired by the Bo Steel Group in 2008, we estimate the value of the 8 Steel Group's later contribution to the revenue of the Bosin Software Company in size: in 2007, the 8 Steel Coated Steel Group produced about 4 million tons of rough steel, and after the 8 Steel Group was reorganized,
The company’s three main business lines were software development and engineering services, service outsourcing, system integration, and software development and engineering services grew at an equal rate of 15.91 per cent since 2012.
Software development and engineering services: benefits from the information-based construction brought about by the BMW merger The steel industry has been warming for the last three years, and the profits of the entire steel industry have been growing at a higher rate, and the BMW has been merged.
This has had an impact on the demand for information-based construction, combined with a 16% increase in business income in 2017 and possibly a peak in the BMW-based information-building period, as evidenced by the company’s financial report of 2017. This rises to 6.8% in June of the year, taking into account the complexity of BMW information-based construction and its role as a steel manufacturing industry.
The leading information-building platform, which has taken on the burden of industrial Internet construction, may not be growing faster than manufacturing investment. The expected revenue from software development and engineering services in 18/19/20 is expected to sustain the company’s Māori rate, given the burden of iron and steel companies in raising their production capacity.
Service outsourcing: Idc is entering an operational return period Assuming that services outsourcing grew at a high rate of 38.57 per cent in 2017, and that the major performance growth in the coming years is projected to be the contribution of Idc. The Idc market continues to grow at a high rate, with a Māori rate of around 40 per cent.
The company, as a third party neutral data centre, has a unique natural advantage, as well as an advantage in building, contracting, and pricing. According to the company’s business model, 18/19/20 is expected to have steady future cash flows for the company’s idc operations, which are currently in the process of expansion and with some pricing.
Compared to the new optical ring network, data port, and cohua Heinzun, which are in the same computer industry and with idc as comparable companies, the current pe(ttm) is 30.3 times, 44.7 times, and 17.6 times, respectively. Non-idc accounts for about 70% of the company’s operating income.
The development of this business has its roots and potential merits. The non-idc industry has a relatively low value for bovine software, compared to the company’s valuation.
The company’s idc is not built to meet the expected risks, idc has a lower-than-expected risk of its new technology and new business expansion, and industry competition has increased, leading to a change in the industry pattern, the use of legally compliant information, and the production of this report independently and objectively.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, the reader with no business relationship with the company is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibilities. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, without its public disclosure or consent.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.