A fast-track assessment of performance of 2025h1: a steady increase in power generation and an increase in efficiency as a result of the proposed expansion of the Goose Dam Shipping Project. A steady increase in electricity generation of 2025h1 and water abundance in Utund, water loss in the three isthmus;
In the first half of 2025, the total amount of water coming from Utunde reservoirs was about 39,964 million cubic metres, which is 9.01 per cent more than the same period in the previous year; the total amount coming from the three gorge reservoirs was about 13,55.32 million cubic metres, which is 5.01 per cent more than the previous year ' s average of 8.25 per cent to 8.25 per cent.
Four hundred and fifty-eight million kWh, two hundred and fifty-six thousand thousand thousand kWh, one hundred and twenty-six hundred thousand kWh, one hundred and fifty-three hundred and forty-four hundred thousand kWh, one hundred and fifty-three thousand thousand thousand kWh, one hundred and fifty-six hundred thousand kWh, and one hundred and sixty-one kWh, respectively, to finance the construction of the Great Lakes dam expansion project, which will further improve the efficiency of the use of water resources.
In 2025/7/30, the company's board of directors considered the adoption of documents such as the Bill to Finance the Construction of the Gough Dam Shipping Enhancement Project, which states that in order to enhance the capacity of the Gough Dam Hub, the company will finance the expansion of the Ghose Dam Shipping Construction Project, which will remove the already existing gate No. 3 and create a two-line single-class gate on the left side.
The project has a total construction period of 91 months (including 12 months of construction); once completed, the Goji dam hub will form a four-line locking pattern, and the cost of overhauling the Goji dam gate will be charged to the cost of electricity production.
Increase the efficiency of water resources and increase the efficiency of power generation from the ladder power plant by increasing the operation phase of the single bank by approximately 15.8 billion kWh; 2) contribute to reducing the pressure constraints on electricity generation by ship traffic; 3) contribute to the implementation of the project to expand the Ghécille Dam and upgrade the Ghécée Dam.
Ten-year rate of return on national debt, with the dividend pole opening up the power grid on the Yangtze River. In 2024, the average rate of return on debt was 2.21 per cent, and in December, the Central Economic Workshop reduced the monetary policy base from 1.7 per cent to 1.7 per cent.
I'm trying to reach 300 billion kilowatt-hours in 2025.
Three major financial forecasts for Yangtze Power.