A robust growth in performance of 25q2 is proposed to finance the construction of the Gaegu dam shipping expansion project — a quick review of the semi-annual performance of the Yangtze electric power in 2025
Incidents: The company issued its semi-annual performance report for 2025. 25h1 generated $36,587 million, corresponding to a total of 1,355.32 million cubic metres of water coming from the canyon reservoir, which is 8.39 per cent less than the same period in the previous year (vs.25q1 is higher)
Over the same period of the year, it was 11.56%. As a result of this, the six ladder stations in the 25q2 company were able to generate 1 billion kwh, an increase of 10.66% in the same year; the two stations in the Yangtze River were able to generate 2,4135 million kwh, a decrease of 11.76% in the same year. Given the differentiation in the performance of the different power stations, we expect structural factors in the volume.
The company’s 25q2 battalion is growing faster than the electricity increase, and the proposed construction of the Goji dam shipping expansion project is expected to cost $26.6 billion.
With the construction of the G8 dam, which will be built for the expansion of the capacity of the G8 dam, with a total project duration of 91 months (including a 12-month construction period), it is hoped that the current ship backlog and congestion will be improved by the construction of the G8 dam hub in a four-line pattern. In terms of the impact on the company’s power generation operations, the income dimension is expected to improve.
Project construction 1) is conducive to further public policy support by companies in the areas of movement control, markets, access to resources, improving the efficiency of water use and increasing the efficiency of power generation from the ladder power plant; 2) to reducing the constraints on power generation movement imposed by ship traffic requirements; 3) to promoting the implementation of the Ghécile Dam Extension Project, which will enable the development of a network of water power plants.
The cost dimension, the cost of renovating the dam gate is covered by the cost of electricity production, and the current assets of Gate 3 are owned by the company. This expansion is an extension of the existing assets, and the assets of the extended gate are still owned by the company.
The value of the company's allocation is very high since 2020, with a rate spread of 25-year earnings from 10-year public debt. Based on a 25-year profit projection, the company's investment proposal is based on an assumed 70-per-cent cash share.
1. [Galaxy Environments for Public Use] Company: Yangtze Power: Power Growth + Cost Reduction Drives 25o1 performance is higher than ever. 2. [Galaxes for Environment for Public Use] Company Review: Yangtze Power: Short-term Performance
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
The report is provided to its customers by China Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter called Galaxy Securities). Galaxy securities need not be treated as customers by recipients as recipients of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.