Fifteen-fifths of the red plan came to the ground, and the increase in the plan was a sign of confidence in development — a review of the major issues of power in the Yangtze River, August 22, 2025.
Events: Notices issued by the company on Shareholder Red Return Planning for the next five years (2026-2030) Yangtze Power (60090.sh) and the Notice on Holding Shareholder Enhancement Scheme.
The annual profit distribution is made up of 70 per cent of the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company in the consolidated statements for the year at no less than 70 per cent, and the annual profit distribution continued from 2021 to 2025 at no less than the current year.
The share of the company’s cash share in the net profits of the parent is 70.57%, 94.29%, 73.66%, and the shareholdings increase their confidence in the company’s future development and stock price performance. Among the shareholders in the company, the tri-gorge group plans to increase the company’s shares through the secondary market over the next 12 months.
Leung Yonan, the tri-gorge group has its own funds and self-financing. When the tri-gorge group first increased its shares to the 2016 stream and injected into the power station, it is planned to avoid irrational fluctuations in stock prices after the company's reins.
The company is planning to invest in the project to build the capacity of the dam, which was considered on August 15 through the Shareholder Assembly.
On the basis of this, we judge that an additional $3.5 billion in capital spending per year will not affect the firm’s established share of the proceeds. On the profit side, the costs associated with the expansion of the Goji dam shipping energy project will have to be charged to the cost of generating electricity.
Assuming a depreciation period of 40-45 years, the equivalent of $26.6 billion in capital expenditure would be about $600 million a year. But given that the construction of the project is expected to boost the implementation of the Ghex Dam Augmentation Project, the corresponding additional loader would be 800,000 kWh, which is estimated to generate about 5 billion kwh a year, based on the utilization hours of the Ghose Dam in 2024.
We measure the company’s dividends, based on a 25-year profit forecast, based on an assumed 70% cash fraction.
Investment Recommendations: We maintain the previous profit projections, and the company is expected to achieve the following year: 2025-2027.
2. [Galaxy Environments for Public Use] Company evaluates the Yangtze Power: Power Growth + Financial Cost Depression drives 25q1 performance at the same rate. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration was not in the past.
Downstream research. Used to work on civil securities, Pacific securities, and joined China’s Galaxy securities in January 2022.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.