Total electricity generation increased by the same amount, and substantial progress was made in the expansion of the rickshaws.
The same ratio is 9.01%; the total amount of water coming from the three gorge reservoirs is about 13,55.32 million cubic metres, or 8.39%. In the face of the complex water situation, the company focuses on the main business, and production is doing well.
5.01% More specifically, 342.44/279. 65/256.9/155.9/149.58/8208 million kWh of power generation from the Three Gorges/Rivers/White Crane Beach/Dam/Udongde/Geco Dam, respectively, has made substantial progress in the expansion of the plant regulations.
The total installed capacity of hydropower is 71,795,000 kilowatts, of which 71,695,000 kilowatts (kW) are domestic, with 16.29% of the country’s hydropower installed on 29 August 2025.
The company’s financial costs have been reduced by the same amount. The company is actively using credit advantages, using a variety of financing tools and tools.
The financial costs of the 2025h1 company are $4,863 million, and the company is steadily developing its savings operations and expanding its international operations in an orderly manner. In the area of savings, the company is steadily moving forward with the construction of projects such as Gansu Zhang, Chongqingsee Dam, Hunanchi County, Henan Yi, Henan Yi, and others.
At the international level, the company has been entrusted with the transportation of the San Gawanii hydroelectric plant in Peru, the completion of the project, the efficient handling of equipment deficiencies, and the taking over of the plant: the “market index” of this rating system, a reference point for which is 300 indexes of depth; and the new three-board reference points, which are three index points.
Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risks”, “stable” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, “positive” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium and high risks”, “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and are aware of it independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.