Non-financial firm stocktaking report Overall performance is on track to reaffirm the long-term configuration value of utilities Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
In the upper part of the Yangtze river basin in the second quarter, there was a water overflow, a water drain downstream, an increase in power generation from high-priced power plants, and a power structure that helped companies to release their performance. According to company announcements, Utund water reservoirs in the first half of 2025 were more abundant than in the previous year, Liu Xiaoning.
9.01 per cent and 8.39 per cent of the previous year ' s water supply from the three gorge reservoirs were reduced by 8.39 per cent, compared to 1.63 per cent in the second quarter, compared with 7.0 per cent, 16.24 per cent, 9.78 per cent, 7.86 per cent, 12.37 per cent and 9.12 per cent, respectively, in the second quarter of Utund, White Crane Beach, River Rhodes, to dams, tri-Gorges, Gough Dams, etc.
The company's business income in the first quarter of the second quarter grew by 2.61 per cent on a year-on-year basis, exceeding the rate of increase in electricity generation by about 1 percentage point, inferring that the overall price of electricity in the company's power stations was flat and that the small increase in electricity prices was a structural change.
The lower financial costs were more than anticipated, and the lower return on investment was expected to be associated with the loss of water from the participating companies. Assets were noted, corporate cash flows continued to be “big and big” and debt swaps became important for the decline in financial costs.
Dunspin’s coronary power, lake north energy, etc., is affected by water dehydration, and its performance is related. Restatement of the long-term configuration value of hydropower: long-term asset stability in the scarcity, rising options in high-volatile markets.
Since 2023, our entire hydropower plate has been rising at an accelerated rate, which we believe cannot be attributed solely to the loss of windless and risky rates of return. More importantly, in the context of the overall high volatility of capital markets, the re-evaluation by the market of the “low-concord” assets represented by hydropower, i.e., the re-pricing of volatility, which is more powerful because of its relative strength.
Business models are stable, predictable, and risk premiums are reduced. At this point, investment opportunities for power and water are not growing potential, much less high-frequency water data, and, because of the very planned construction of water and electricity, there is little change in narratives, and they are already fully priced in stock prices.
The two underlying logics, one being the stability of the hydropower business model and the policy environment, without change, are the best result, and any change could lead to a reversal rate, positive or negative; the other is the volatility of the capital market as a whole, which is equivalent to the opportunity cost of the hydroelectric unit. With the recent increase in the overall valuation level of a share market,
The long-term value ratio of stable cash-flow assets, such as utilities, has increased, and the bond market has become more stable, with companies running 20, 20, and 19 times the price per dollar. Reciprocating the historical excess of electricity from the Yangtze River, we believe, is basically driven by the market environment, the stability of its performance, the value of its cash flow, and the business model behind it.
We believe that the re-evaluation is not yet over, continuing to value the company in the long term, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating. My personal perceptions of the subject matter securities and issuers are expressed.