In 2017, the company started an internal restructuring deal with the controlling shareholders.
In two steps: putting out the entire vaccine business of the listed company, and using the controlled subsidiary as a platform for blood products operations in the controlled stockholdings, in the three major holdings of blood products (Shanghai, Wuhan and Lang State), in the listed companies focusing on blood products operations, laying the focus on the development of blood products, and
Certificate number: s028052311001.
A three-year commitment to complete a complete asset overstretched. Big: multi-dimensional expansion of the equity slurry, slurry lifts to open up the “mass” space. By acquiring the rights and interests of a small number of shareholders in Doo Yong, bulking the new slurry station and extra-drawn M & As (Si'an).
Multi-dimensional expansion of the magma sources, such as the altrude, the Centralhara Red, etc.; the company now owns 102 single plasma stations, of which 80 are at the camp magma stations, 22 are at the slurry stations, and in 2023 it reached the lowest/highest level in a year:
The company's old slurry station continues to dive, and its capacity at the slurry station has increased. In 2017, the company slurry at the slurry station was 29.8 tons per year; in 2022, the slurry at the slurry station averaged 34 tons, the base.
A new slurry station produces slurry, which drops to about 30.2 tons per year on average, and we measure it to be about 38 tons per year. The new slurry plant continues to climb.
Station approvals, which began in 2023, will produce lottals for slurry, and in 2023, 20 new slurry stations will produce slurry, which will continue to climb on the slopes to contribute raw plasma. Dig the slurry and raise the company's “volume” space.
• Strength: Expanding the product matrix, adding the development of “mass” elements, and increasing the development of “mass” elements. In recent years, companies have continued to complete the blood-crete matrix, 2023.
This year, the production end will complete the full condensed blood product line matrix, increasing the actual number of blood-sampling species to nine. In addition, the recombinant cdensed bloodviii factor has been approved for the market.
Joint inspection, construction of Kunming base, ongoing process validation and transfer of production sites, and construction of the Lanzhou base, gradually breaking out of capacity limits as the three production bases are gradually being built
28.3 times, the company pe (ttm) is 32.1 times higher than the industry index (approximately 13.4%). We predict that in 2024, the total amount of slurry from the planetariums was about 2669 tons, and the amount of slurry from the owners was about 1975 tons.
Investment rating: as of 20 September 2024, the blood products (sw) index pe (ttm) was about 2669 tons of annual slurry from the albactic organisms, about 1975 tons of slurry (74.01 per cent of the stock), about 20.6 million yuan at the market value of the slurry, 29.3 times the value of the pe (2024e) and the company as the leader in the blood industry.
Industry, and in the process of rapid slurry upscaling, with first coverage, with a “recommended” rating. 1 Slipped volume: only the current 102 home-owned slurry stations will be fully slurryed by 2026, without consideration of future M&As; and assuming that the new slurry stations are delivered after delivery, the slurry capacity climbs at a four-year rate:
Phase: 2415 tons of slurry by companies in 2023, of which 52 mature slurry stations are slurrying about 2020 tons, and 38.8 tons of slurry per year by folding single-bit slurry stations, with an average annual increase of 2 per cent in slurry by mature slurry stations in 2024-2026.2 Product lines: the abundance of the product lines determines the Māori rate of the blood products enterprise, the more the product is produced, the more the cost is shared
Fully, the higher the respective individual variety's Māori ratio, the higher the company's batch of eight in 2023, the larger the product group has covered the three main groups of protein, immunoglobin, and condensed blood products. The Māori rate and the net profit ratio, respectively, were the path to a change in the best quality of blood products in 2023. Prior to asset restructuring, the company's level of profitability was one of low profitability.
Class-based vaccine operations have been significantly delayed, with the company’s ton magma market at a lower price than it has always been in the industry; the company has been transformed into a pure blood product and has the largest number of slurry stations, the largest total amount of slurry in the country, and the line of cavity products has been substantially replenished, the basic surfaces have changed dramatically, and future tons are expected to occur.
The number of slurry stations continues to increase. The number of slurry stations continues to increase: the slurry station has been acquired in bulk, the slurry station has been expanded, the blood industry has expanded, and it has acquired the rights and interests of a minority shareholder in Dourong; the slurry station under the flag has been further dug, and the slurry capacity of the unit slurry station has been upgraded.
Compliance operating risks at slurry stations with less than expected slurry volumes; quality control risks in the production of blood products; industry competition with higher risk values for M & A; overvaluation risk, systemic risk.
The vaccine business consists mainly of the development, production and marketing of a single type of disease seedling, which is operated by the Beijing North School Research Company and the Jianxuan Health Company.
For example, countries with compulsory vaccines such as white cracks, brain cancers, generally low prices for different varieties, low profits, and a drag on the overall profits of listed companies. Blood products are mainly run by controlling subsidiaries, which collect raw plasma, extract the whole chain of purity and sell blood products, and have relatively higher profitability.
In 2017, in order to fulfil its commitment to resolve the competition between listed companies and firms affiliated to the controlling shareholders, the company and the controlling shareholders started an internal reorganization of their business: to put out all the vaccine operations of the listed company, to include three major blood products in the controlled stock (Shanghai, Wuhan and Lanzhou) and to acquire the state of Guizhou.
The whole process of asset and business restructuring has taken two steps. The first step is to solve the problem of competition among vaccine partners.
100%) and Changchun Jian (51% shareholding) transferred to the controlling shareholder, while the company's controlling subsidiary completed the acquisition of an additional 20% of the shareholders' rights to the national drug Guangdong Circle in October of the year, and realized full ownership. The first deal was completed in May 2017, and the company withdrew completely from the vaccine industry, which held the company's performance back.
A second step is to solve the blood industry competition. A listed company collects Chinese shares in cash at a price of around $620 million.
Acquisition of three blood products in Shanghai, Wuhan and Lanzhou, for a total value of 2,737 million yuan. The second deal was completed in January 2018, and 69.47 per cent of the Tiangu organisms in Shanghai, Wuhan and Lang States held the shares in Chengdu, 11.27 per cent, 12.64 per cent and 6.63 per cent respectively.
All blood products operations under the Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino flag are under the flag of Chengdu, a controlled subsidiary of a listed company.Figure 1: A two-step reorganization of vaccines, blood products assets, a two-step reorganization of major asset restructuring operations with controlling shareholders is very well conceived, except for the sale of vaccine assets.
The purchase of blood products is done entirely at the Chengdujong subsidiary level and does not involve cash or share payments at the listed company level. The approval process is considerably simplified (which requires the approval of the Realized People ' s Drug Group and does not require audit by the SEC). After the reorganization of the major assets mentioned above, the listed company Sky Forum organisms are more inclined to the control platform, and the subsidiary is a blood product.
The operating platform for the main business, while the three major shares of the blood products assets are the subsidiaries’ shareholdings in Chengdu. Reorganization of the structure of the bio-assembly after the completion of the bio-assembly, internal integration of the blood products business to achieve 1+1>2 effects
After the reorganization of the business between the group and the listed companies, the company became a pure blood company, with the blood industry mainly owned by Chengdu Yongsheng, and the four major blood companies of Shanghai, Wuhan, Lang and Guizhou. The original blood industry and the newly installed three blood systems overlap and complement each other in terms of production, research and development.
The first is the complementarities of production capacity: slurry-up and reduction of mismatching losses.
In 2016, the slurry station was more than 700 tons and the plasma treatment capacity was largely saturated; in 2017, the company applied to the pharmaceutical department for the transfer of plasma to its subsidiaries, while in 2018 the National Drug Supervisory Authority sent it to Sichuan, Hubei and Gansu provinces.
The Food and Drug Control Authority issued a copy of the shipment of human blood that agreed to transfer the production of the blood from Chengdu to the Wuhan blood system and the Lanzhou blood system, and agreed that the company's controlling subsidiary, Chengdu will use the blood resource to reduce the shortage of blood products, allocate the blood product production from the human blood plasma to the Wuhan blood system and the Lanzhou blood system for a time frame.
The second is the complementarity of varieties, the coordination of research and development. The variety is complementary. The rabies-free product lacks immunoglobin for rabies, the tissue amino immunoglobin and the unproduced condensed blood factors, the Lanzhou blood products are less numerous, and the Shanghai blood products are complete and cover the whole range.
Human blood proteins, immunoglobins and clots: Wuhan blood products are mainly human blood proteins and immunoglobins, proteins, and no line of condensed blood products. Reorganization of the three blood products has resulted in the completion of the respective products, and the company becomes the blood products industry's most comprehensive, especially the blood-rich industry of the immune protein product lines.
After absorbing four blood products’ assets, the company consolidates internal and external resources, establishes a research and development centre, develops a centralized R & D model, reduces duplication of R & D inputs and takes full advantage of it through specialized management, shared platforms for the removal/extermination of viruses, testing platforms, shared registrations and clinical teams.
Three are the slurry stations, which are evenly distributed over the area, and are more resilient to the risk of regional closures. After two steps of restructuring, the number of slurry stations increased significantly from 18 in Yong to 55 in 2017, 47 in the camp slurry stations; and the slurry station resources were also more widely distributed, with 18 in Chengdu.
The stations are located in Sichuan, Shanxi and Shandong provinces, the majority of which are located in Sichuan 14 families, Shanxi 3 families and Shandong 1 family; after the incorporation of four blood products assets, the slurry stations have been expanded to cover the provinces of Kawa, Jin, Lu, Su, Yi, Guan, Guan, Kan, Kan, Yao, Kiyo, Fi, Joan, Gan, Ning 13 provinces/Autonomous Region, and the company slurry stations are more evenly distributed throughout the country.
Greater resistance to regional containment risks. Figure 3: Regional distribution of pre-reorganization stock-held single plasma stations. Figure 4: Regional distribution of post-reorganization stock-held single plasma stations
Four are excellent managed exports. The slurry capacity of the original slurry stations under the three blood products is low. In 2016, the average annual slurry of the Shanghai, Wuhan and Lanzhou blood stations was only 23.1 tons, 22.4 tons and 11.0 tons, well below the original slurry capacity of the Chengdu slurry stations (33.7 tons/year/number) and even below the industry average for that year.
The company organises slurry workers who are more capable of slurry, fixes support, manages the output, collects better results, such as the Chengdu Yongsheng support team, which is led by Jinyang and the Kim Tanya slurry management team.
By the end of 2020, 10% of Chengdu Yongsheng ' s shares (including your state ' s blood products) had been realized between 2018 and 2020.
Accumulated net profit of 179 million yuan attributable to the owner of the parent company after deducting non-recurring gains and losses, exceeding the commitment of 0.35 million yuan and completing the cumulative projected profit of 124.7 per cent; and shareholding assets of the owner of the parent company after the accumulated deduction of non-recurring gains and losses in 2018-2020
Both Chengdu Yongsheng and three blood products have fully exceeded their performance commitments for three years. Big: multidimensional expansion of the equity slurry, slurry up to open up the "volume" space, rising to a shareholding ratio, and increasing the share ratio of the haemorrhagic haemorrhage.
For a clinical research project in Chengdu, and the reorganization of the blood-cyanviii factor production workshop, the Shanghai Blood Base in Yunnan, and the Land in Lanzhou. After the completion of the non-public increase, the non-full-capitalized controlling subsidiary will be added to the capital stock, and the minority shareholders of Chengdu in Wuhanhshu, Lanzhou, and Shanghai will give up the priority of the replenishment.
After the replenishment was completed, the share of Tianyu Bian Bian Bing in Chengdu's share increased to 74.01%, adding more plasma to the public interest of the company. The total equity assessment for the replenishment was $14.56 billion, regardless of the industry's valuation of the ton slurry.
In terms of values, and in terms of the relative valuation of the secondary market, there is a significant increase in the haemorrhagic haemorrhagic haemorrhagic haemorrhagic haemorrhagic haemorrhagic haemorrhagic haemorrhagic haemorrhagic haemorrhagic haemorrhagic haemorrhagic haemorrhagic haemorrhagic haemorrhagic haemoglomia.
The net profit of $993 million is about 14.7 times more than the estimated price of the pe than the estimated value of the secondary market for the blood industry.
The establishment of new single plasma stations in the country is strictly regulated, generally based on the principle of prior authorization, requiring the planning and approval of health authorities at the provincial, municipal and district levels, the setting up of regions with existing blood centres, central blood stations/blood banks, and the introduction of a single blood station management scheme for blood in the new single plasma approval process
In 2012, the Ministry of Health issued a circular on matters related to the management of single plasma stations (Medical Development (2012), with a variety of species (not less than five in the blood producing industry, which has been tasked with the national immunization programme), and also containing human blood protein, human immune protein, and caustic blood-factor products. In 2016, WMS issued a circular on the management of single plasma stations.
In the case of non-compliance with the conditions set, it is not permitted to apply for the new single plasma station.
At the same time, there is a need to submit valid evidence-based documentation for the production of medicines. The slurry station approval policy not only boosts the use of plasma, but also promotes greater concentration in the blood industry and facilitates the expansion of slurry stations in leading blood-producing enterprises such as Astronomy Organisms, Warland Biology, and Shanghai Lace.
In recent years, there have been two periods for the approval of dividends for single plasma stations in the country: one for the 12th Blood Multiplier Plan, proposed by the Ministry of Health, and the other for the education of the market for blood products represented by the disease, which is represented by static cervix, and the other for the installation of a 14th Plasma Station in the provinces and municipalities, all of which are dividends for the mass creation of new single plasma stations in the blood industry.
The original Ministry of Health's “12th Five-Year Blood Multiply Project”: In 2011, 16 single-sampling plasma stations were stopped in Guizhou, in the former province of Greater Leakage, with a total of only 3,856 tons of plasma collected nationwide, a decline of about 7 per cent compared to the previous year, and a shortage of blood supplies, which should be used especially for haemophilia. In early 2012, the original Ministry of Health stated: “Blood blood”
The Liquid Products Multiplier Scheme, which publishes the Circular on Matters related to the Management of Single Pulse Stations, encourages the installation of 218 national slurry stations per year, approximately 7,100 tons of slurry per sector, an increase of 49.3 per cent and 84 per cent, respectively, compared to 2011, which is essentially double the amount of slurry.
Quick increase in slurry from 2015 to 2016 by 584 tons of slurry and 683 tons of slurry, compared to the same increase in the planned dividend period for the “145” slurry station: since 2020, the epidemic has led to a significant increase in the demand for blood products represented by stung, with local provinces and municipalities securing the supply of blood products in the province, resulting in a backlog of new approvals for the slurry station.
In a dramatic change, the 14-Fifteen-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fifteen-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F-Five-Five-F-Five-Five-F-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five
Over 40 slurry stations in total; especially the traditional slurry-mining provinces Henan and Guizhou, which have again been approved in 2022 for new single slurry stations, which have averaged more than 60 tons per year, far above the current industry average of 34 tons, and new single slurry stations in bulk.
The slurry levels in the blood industry will be significantly increased. Since the restructuring of blood products operations in 2017, a cumulative total of 55 new single-promotion plasma station batches in Yunnan, Guizhou, Sichuan, Gansu and Jilin provinces have been obtained, particularly during the “XIV5” period, 2021-2022
From 2023, the new batch of single plasma stations began to produce slurry. By the end of March 2024, the total number of company slurry stations had reached 102, of which 80 were in camp slurry stations.
Annual slurry and velocity of the planetary organisms 2016-2023 Total number and additional quantities of the planetary bioslurry stations 2016-2023 Increase in unit slurry capacity is significant and digging space is still significant
Before the reorganization of assets, 18 slurry stations had achieved 683 tons of slurry at the camp slurry station in 2016, an average of 38 tons per year, higher than the average 30 tons per year of slurry power at the industrial slurry station. The average unit slurch capacity at the Shanghai blood system, the Wuhan blood system was 22 tons.
Products (formerly Mid-Thai) have a weaker slurry capacity, with an average of about 12 tons, which is significantly lower than the industry average. The company sends experienced blood-source management and development teams to companies like Middle-Thai in Guizhou to optimize slurry management, all of which were on average slurry scale in 2017.
Up to near the industry average, 29.8 tons; average annual slurry at the company ' s camp slurry station in 2022 to about 34 tons, and average annual slurry at the basic unit slurry level (approximately 35 tons/year); and 20 new slurry stations that were used throughout the year in 2023, the average annual slurry at the slurry station dropped to about 30.2 tons, which we measured.
The new slurry station is slurrying up the slopes. The new slurry station has an average of 3-4 years of climb, and the company has accumulated 43 new slurry stations in 2021-2022, depending on the size of the local household, the slurry promoters, etc.
Since 2023, these slurry stations have been able to produce slurry, 20 new slurry stations in 2023, 22 slurry stations are expected to be built inland over the next two years, new slurry stations are being produced, and slurry continues to climb to contribute raw plasma.
The total number of slurry stations is measured, and the extension of the slurry source map continues to expand, the acquisition of 63.69% of Xi's shares in Xi'an's return day, and the strategic layout of Xi's slurry source.