Businesses have been improving, with two-quarter earnings withholdings exceeding the same period in 19 years, transport and aviation airports, south air disclosure, mid-2023. Corporate revenues in the first half of 2023 amounted to $71.83 billion, an increase over the same period.
76.0 per cent long, resulting in a net return profit of 2875 million, of which 37.780 billion were earned by companies in the second quarter, and a recovery in demand for civil aviation led to a significant increase in revenue from passenger transportation and a decline in freight revenue.
The demand surged, with the company ' s passenger capacity increased by 91.9 per cent in the first half of the year, and passenger turnover was strong, with a 12.2 per cent increase in domestic passenger kilometre earnings compared to the previous year, while the cost of international and regional lines fell significantly in unit costs due to the dilution of operating costs due to supply-to-power growth.
The annual operating cost of the company was 66.9 billion, an increase of 35.3 per cent over the same year, of which 22.8 billion, or 17.5 per cent, fell in the same year, while the unit ask non-oil cost was 0.306 per cent, or 34.5 per cent, led to a significant recovery in the profitability of the company.
Losses on exchange have delayed performance and the second quarter has been profitable. The first half of the year saw a marked increase in the cost of sales by companies due to the increase in business volume, but a slight decrease in the cost rate of sales of 4.14 per cent, compared with a decrease of 0.58 pc, maintenance of stable management costs and research and development costs, respectively, as a result of income growth.
South Air (600029.sh) — Significant quarterly losses, good cycle reversals, exchange losses of 1.35 billion, financial cost of 5.8 per cent, a decrease of 6.02 pct, a deduction of financial cost of remittances. South Air (600029.sh)-30 losses are significantly reduced, and the outbreak continues to be viewed as positive.
It is worth mentioning that in the second quarter, the company ' s earnings from remittances have been restored, with a total of $1.54 billion in remittances, and Southern Airlines (600029.sh) - the margin impairment has led to higher losses throughout the year, which, according to the epidemic, has exceeded the level of 450 million remittances from the same period in 2019.
South Air 600029-2021: negative impact, deficit investment proposal: maintain a “buy-in” rating. We continue to take stock of the civil aviation recovery trend, with a positive increase in the volume of civil aviation during the three-quarter season, taking into account international shipping
The line has been further restored to digesting the broad body capacity and is expected to perform more robustly in the coming season, maintaining South Air's 2023 mid-year reporting of $71.83 billion in corporate business earnings, an increase of 76.0 per cent in the first half of 2023, and a return net profit of 2875 million.
Figure 2: Southern air quarterly net profit return; recovery in civil aviation demand led to a significant increase in passenger revenue, a decline in freight revenue; a sharp recovery in civil aviation passenger demand in the first half of the year, and a significant increase of 91.9 per cent in passenger capacity by companies in the first half of the year.
The turnover increased by 125.8% over the year, and the passenger occupancy rate by 75.75% over the same period, an increase of 11.38pct over the same period.
Figure 5: South Air Quarterly Guest Rates Figure 6: South Air Quarterly Unit Operating Income
The company ' s operating costs increased by 35.3 per cent in the first half of the year owing to a significant upturn in business volume, of which the cost of aviation oil increased efficiency, resulting in a significant overall reduction in the company ' s unit costs, respectively, of 0.1583 per cent per unit, a 17.5 per cent decrease in the same year, and 0.306 per cent per unit non-oil, a 34.5 per cent decrease in the same year, driving the company ' s profitability.
Figure 9: Quarterly unit cost of oil for South Aviation, Figure 10: Quarterly non-oil cost per unit for South Aviation
Corporate sales costs increased significantly in the first half of the year as a result of an upswing in business, but the cost fell slightly, with a sales rate of 4.14 per cent, a decrease of 0.58 pct over the same period, management costs and R & D costs remaining stable, with a modest contribution due to income growth and cost spreads, and a loss of 2,875 million in the first half of the year, close to the median performance forecast.
The earnings from the withholding of remittances have been restored, with a total of $1.54 billion in lost profits, exceeding the $450 million deductions for the same period in 2019. Figure 13: Total Southern Air Quarterly Profit. Figure 14: Total Southern Air Quarterly Deceased Profit
Investment proposal: maintain the “buy-in” rating, we continue to follow the civil aviation recovery trend, achieve a full increase in the volume of civil aviation during the three quarters, take into account further international routes, the re-inclusion of the broad body capacity of the Greater Airline, the prospect of a stronger elasticity in future seasons, the maintenance of profit projections, and the expectation that
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject