High-frequency coatings are in production, with a clear trend of 5g certainty benefits strongly recommended (maintenance) for Liu Xu Feng (research assistant)
The company published its semi-annual report for 2018, generating operating income of $5.809 billion in the first half of 2018, an increase of 19.66 per cent in the same year. The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $533 million, a decrease of 1.25 points in the same year.
This represents an increase of 19.66 per cent over the same period. 44.0691 million square metres for the production of all types of coated copper, an increase of 14.45 per cent over the same year; and 5.5505 million square feet for the production of printed circuit boards, an increase of 28.24 per cent over the same year. Thanks to the expansion of capacity and the restructuring of product formation, the productivity of Suzhou has increased significantly, with 1,096.7 million square metres for the production of all types of coated copper, compared to the previous year.
The period increased by 29.86 per cent, with a 42.71 per cent increase in revenue over the same period in the previous year. During the second quarter, owing to multiple factors such as tight supply of raw materials, exchange rate fluctuations, customer stock holdings, and product sales price adjustment expectations, there was a decline of 3.83 points in the Māori ratio of the overcopper and glue operations, with a build-up of 1,429 million debt-transferable funds released in November 2017.
The North-Tone Special Materials Factory is in the immediate, official HF-copper sector. The current HF-coated copper plate, which is almost monopolized by US-Japan firms such as Ross, Isola, and the central rise in China, is expected to break the monopoly pattern, with the country producing a high frequency.
There is a huge space to replace imported products. The project invests $500 million in high-frequency copper-plate production, and the products will be widely used in wireless broadband networks, communications products, satellite navigation, motor electronics. With the spread of 5g commercial and car-mm wave radars, the high-frequency copper-plate market will be significantly expanded, and the domestic year is projected.
The market will be more than $3 billion. Special materials for the benefit of Nanjing are expected to be produced in the fourth quarter of this year, producing 1.5 million square metres of high-frequency copper per year (one million ptfe + half million hydrocarbons) and 500,000 m of commodity glues, which are expected to make a significant performance contribution from 2019 onwards.
The industry situation is complex, with a constant trend of 5g certainty. The price of upstream raw materials is still rising, the demand for the caps is high, and the price of the plates has been revised twice in a row since 1 July. We conclude that short-term supply and demand mismatches continue to rise, and downstream demand remains constant in the short term.
Hotspots such as artificial intelligence have not yet created a scale demand. It can be ascertained that building planning for 5g is proceeding steadily, that the construction and adaptation of tens of millions of macro and small stations will boost the demand for high-frequency high-speed pcbboard, and that companies, as the second largest copper-plate suppliers across the globe, will benefit greatly and accelerate growth.
Appendix: Annual financial statements of companies