(b) Lower-season windfall production, with concern for boom prices and high-frequency base materials: operating income of $5,809 million in the first half of 2018, compared to +19.7 per cent;
Q2 yields 2,981 million yuan and the same rate of increase in both the q2 and first half of the year, indicating that downstream demand is low, purchase orders continue to grow, while companies are flexible and production capacity is at the start of the first half of the year.
Full state, due to a good view of downstream demand, pre-capable capacity is stored at more than 95% and partially at more than 100% in the semi-annual period. (Mhm, min/m2, average ccl, refers to the sale of the coating plate and the glue consolidation camp)
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
The high profit rate in the first half of 2017 was mainly due to the company’s successful accumulation of cheap raw materials and the increase in the price of ccl, and the lower net interest rate from the q2ccl price rebound. After that, the price of 2017q3/q4ccl went up with the demand, while the price of raw materials rose.
As a result, net corporate interest rates continued to decline, and Māori rates began to decline. By the first half of 2018, raw material supply was high, while companies adopted strategic products with relative caution, and ccl prices were already high, leaving little room for net profits in the first half of 2018.
Under pressure. But with the second half of the season, the company is expected to raise the prices of its products, thereby selling down-wind production, focusing on the boom price increase and the non-recurrent gain or loss of high-frequency base materials q2 of 50 million, mainly from Suzhou Revenue Technology Ltd., a subsidiary of the company.
The net operating cash flow of $420 million, or +160 per cent, is mainly due to the increase in cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of labour during the current period:
Construction work in progress of $540 million, or +83 per cent, mainly as a result of the improved capacity and associated engineering of a plant in East Town in 2018, the expansion of a new area in the West and the Jiang So-sheng, etc., as the project progressed:
The non-current liabilities due in one year were $360 million or +66% of the year, mainly due to the long-term borrowing of the company and Sun’s Presbyterian Science and Technology Company Ltd. The new projects have been moving steadily, and the season has seen a further increase in expectations: the company Jiangsu’s high-frequency (HF) board
About five times more than conventional fr-4; the Shaanxi II high-conducted heat density project (approximately 400,000 Pygm/month) is expected to be operational next March; the fccl project is expected to be operational in October 2018, with capacity of about 4.5 million Pym/year, which may contribute between 1 and 2 million Pyre production this year; and the Qijiang project is steadily moving forward.
In. At present, the pcb clients downstream of the overcopper board are expanding their production, and demand for orders is increasing steadily, q3 seasons, and some manufacturers are starting to plan price increases, and corporate profits are expected to change as product prices rise.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.