Since its inception, it has built on its own development strategies and operational advantages.
The model has steadily increased, with significant advantages, combined strength and industry excellence further, and is now the country’s first and only equity firm with a trillion-dollar asset. The company’s main financial indicators have been industry-first for many years, building a broad reputation and strong brand advantage in the domestic market.
Capital leads, stronger. In the market as a whole, over the last two decades, the securities industry has shifted from pipeline operations (e.g. brokerage, underwriting) to capital intermediation (credit as a market transaction) and capital investment (direct investment), and bond dealers have continued to increase their demands on capital, and the industry has become stronger.
In the case of wealth management, companies take advantage of “I.”
The 52-week maximum/minimum medium-priced concept uses the advantage of integrated services, strengthening the capacity of investment advisers and core wealth configurations to continue to be large-scale clients; in investment business, companies actively expand their clients, reduce exposure to risk, and become marketable.
In terms of doing business, companies continue to expand their client markets, increase their stockholding reserves, consolidate their market share, and achieve higher returns through the “investment + investment” model.
To explore the Goldman Sachs business model: “Exploring the spreads – Expanding the leverage – Raise the roe.” Since the 1980’s, Goldman Sachs has managed to capture the upward trend in the share of investors in market institutions, to adjust the corporate business and organizational structure, to achieve a balanced diversification of operations, and eventually to grow into a top investment bank.
Goldman Sachs has a sustained focus on the most profitable institutional business, with an active asset-side layout of ficc, making it public, improving roe, while Goldman Sachs has built a well-developed institutional ecology at the client level, providing clients with competitive financial products to meet their diversified investment needs, while providing standardized processes.
SCM (600030.sh) - Good performance, good self-performance - and well-developed risk management mechanisms to upgrade client services.
Sino-Sinse securities (600030.sh) - Market volatility shocks performance, investment advantage continues to prevail Sino-Sinse securities (6000030.sh) - investment advantage significant, integrated service capability leading.
One of the first types of securities companies approved by the CVM was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2003 and on the Hong Kong Joint Stock Exchange in 2011, the first investment bank of the Securities Department to be listed on a+h stock in China, mainly in investment banks, securities brokers, investment advisers, asset management, self-investment, etc.
CSVS is customer-centred, provides high-quality, efficient and reliable financial services to clients, has a rich product system that meets the needs of a wide range of customers in the market, has a large number of service centres covering all regions of the country, facilitates customer access to a wide range of financial services, and companies have a greater influence in overseas markets and serve customers.
Continued refinancing builds capital power. The refinancing process for Sino-Sin securities began in 2006, when Sino-Sin securities distributed their shares to Chinese Life Insurance Corporation, China Life Insurance Co. Ltd., in a non-public manner.
For the first time, refinancing. After this, the size of assets and profits has increased double, through, for example, multiple targeted increases and sales, to become a 100 billion-dollar market-based, fully-covered head-biller. Figure 2: Total assets (billions of dollars) for the years of SCM securities
Figure 3: Multiple M&As (millions of dollars) of Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sinoes. The M&A route started in 2003 with the purchase of 10,000 securities, the gold-Tonts, the Guangzhou Securities, the front of which is the Qing Island Securities, the gold-Ton Securities.
In 2015, Sino-Kin securities successfully acquired Lyon securities and became the first Chinese securities firm to have a global presence. The acquisition expanded the operations of Sino-China International.
Corporate governance: Stable management of equity structures in the years when the top 10 shareholders in the company were Hong Kong Central Clearing (Agent) Ltd., China China Cin Cin Ltd.
The Hong Kong Central Clearing (Agent) Division is the notional holder of the company's share of the company's non-registered shareholders; the company's shareholdings of the company's 434,311,604 shares of the company's shares are held by the Hong Kong Central Clearing-house (HKCLC) Limited; the company's shareholdings are held by the Chinese Consensual Actors with the Chinese Consistency Unit of 434,311,604 shares of the company; and the company's shares are held by the Hong Kong Central Clearing-house (Agent) Limited and its Consistency Actors.
As of 2022, the company owned six major wholly owned subsidiaries, Sino-Sin-Sung (Sangdong), Sino-Sin-Son International, Goldstone Investment, Sino-Son-Son Investment, Sino-Sin-Son Securities, Sino-Sin-Son Securities (South China): one major-owned subsidiary, the Huaxia Fund, and one major-owned company, the Sino-Sin-Industrial Fund.
The company’s senior management is experienced, and its chairman, Mr. Zhang Yujun, and its managing director, Mr. Yang Minghui, have joined the company since its inception in 1995 and have had extensive industry experience for almost 30 years. At present, Mr. Zhang Yu is working on the highest level of international co-operation to achieve rapid catch-up with high levels of innovation; using international cooperation.
Domestic market advantages, careful construction of moats, promotion of business excellence and modern business systems to regulate governance capacity to ensure firm stability. Table 4: Corporate executive background and work experience
In 1995, when the company was founded, it became a member for almost 30 years and was involved in the preparation, acquisition, expansion, marketing and management of the company. On 19 January 2016, Mr. Zhang was appointed executive director and chairman of the company. Mr. Zhang also served as general assistant to the Sino-Sin Group, Sino-Sin shares and Sino-Sin limited general manager, director of the Sino-Kin control board, director of the Goldstone Investment, director of the Sino-Soldier Investment Board. Mr. Zhang was the general manager and director of the company's trading department since 1995.
Deputy General Manager, appointed to the Board of Directors of the Corporation from September 1999 to June 2012, General Manager of the Jang Sein Foundation Management Ltd. from 1998 to 2001 and General Manager of the Corporation from May 2002 to October 2005.
Chairman of the Board of Directors, General Manager, Chairman of the Board, involved in the reorganization of the summer securities, during which the China-China investment securities were transformed into a well-run unique voucher dealer. Director of the China-China Group Board of Directors from December 2011 to December 2015 and member of the Board of Directors of China-China International Ltd. from April to December 2020.
From January 2016 to September 2022, he served as Chairman of Sino-China Securities International, Sino-Sino-Leon (i.e., clsab.v. and its subsidiaries), Sino-Sino-Aon Securities, and Director of the Xai Xing Capital Management Limited, among others, and is currently a Deputy Secretary, Executive Director, General Manager, Executive Committee member of our Party Committee. Mr. Yang joined the company when it was founded in 1995 and joined the company.
Mr. Yang also served as Chairman of the Huaxia Foundation. Mr. Yang was a director, manager, deputy general manager of the company;
From May 2002 to August 2005, as Director and Managing Vice-President of Sino-Customs Holdings, as Director of Sino-Customs Trust; from July 2005 to January 2007, companies actively implemented equity incentives. On 6 September 2006, Sino-Custom securities introduced the first equity incentive programme.
Bulletin of the resolution of the fifth meeting of the Board of Directors of Sino-Sin securities Ltd., which is contained in its main part