Annual Report 2020: q4 profit for year +59.06 per cent, greater profit for q4 than revenue, higher than market expectations, mainly due to improvements in the Māori rate + significant decrease in the administrative cost rate: company 2020q4 business income for year + ring growth, net gain
The rise in the same-year ratio was higher than the harvest, owing to: 1) company coverage of materials in the upstream product chain, reduced cost volatility, and a marked improvement in the Māori ratio. q4 Māori ratio of 42.79%, compared to +2.53 pt, ring ratio of +1.43 pt, further effectively controlled costs.
Māori rate - 0.06 ptt. Māori floating glass ratio +3.51 pt contributing more; gross domestic and foreign operations combined with the epidemic. Domestic operations are clearly better than overseas markets, with a higher revenue ratio of 3.42 pct. 2) management costs are significantly lower. q4 management costs as a percentage of revenue are the same as 3.16 ptt.
The use of gold, equity fund-raising, borrowing from financial institutions or debt settlement, etc., 1 , Glossy Glass (600660): Again flowering on an evergreen tree 2020-12-15.
• Increase in the size of glass bicycles and higher value-added functions in the industry, such as car unit prices, and increase synergies in the business of aluminum glimmers for long-term development: (a) With the trend of light car quantification and intelligence, the entire glass roof gradually penetrates into the metal roof and the glass one-way surface.
The build-up is close to 50%, the `colour value plus' + weight is lower; the penetration of high value added functions such as the front block, light-shifting, glass antennas, sound insulation etc. is increasing, the volume of car glass bicycles is expected to rise by 100-150%, and the market has great potential. Fukuyo is expected to take the lead as a leader in the industry.
Industry dividend. 2) Fysam is a springboard for Germany, and Fukuyo is moving into the Aluminium Curves industry to expand the business boundary. Fysam lost 280 million in 2020, a small reduction from 290 million in 2019, and did better to remove the impact of the European epidemic. The Aluminium Curves further integrated car glass.
Products, increasing the advantages of scalable production, and achieving a multidimensional increase in the size of revenue collection and cost-control capabilities.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: Fortune glass as a global leader in the automotive glass industry, beneficial industry dividends and its own business areas are actively opening up, with the prospect of a significant increase in market value. We maintain 21-22.
We believe that companies should enjoy a higher valuation premium. Maintain the Gorgeous Glass “buy-in” rating.