The q4 performance is high, the volume of the car stock is rising and the apparel is on the bright side. The growth is expected. Domestic car sales are expected to continue, and overseas operations are restored.
Hud, large skylights, and so on, have led to improved product structure and higher unit prices, and a sharp increase in the volume of the bobble business is expected to contribute to rapid growth in performance. The apparel business is gradually losing, or glazing glass is expected to become a long-term growth point.
The decline resulted in a 5.7 per cent decline in corporate income; an increase in the Maori rate of 2.0 pct, mainly due to the floating glass ratio; a substantially flat ratio of R & D costs; a significant increase in financial costs, mainly due to a 560 million increase in exchange losses; and a 3.1 pc increase in the four cost rates for the year.
Unconventional factors influence a 6.9 per cent increase in total profits for the year as a whole. According to the China-China Air Association, q4 domestic motor vehicle production grew by 9.2 per cent and corporate revenue by 12.1 per cent; sam is expected to increase the Māori rate by 5.2 ptt; currency exchange losses increase by 123 million on a year-on-year basis, resulting in higher financial costs
132.1 per cent, with four cost rates of 0.4 pct below year; net profit of $790 million (+17.2 per cent); car glass is expected to increase at full cost, driving rapid growth in performance.
With the upgrading of automobiles and the promotion of new energy vehicles, penetration rates such as hud and skylights are expected to continue to grow, leading to upgrading of the corporate product structure and rising prices. The business is expected to grow at a high price and to contribute to rapid growth in performance.
In the short term, business integration has been a drag on the Māori rate and performance, but the integration is nearing its end, with a significant improvement in the 20h2 performance ring and a gradual future contribution.
In the long run, the value of the aluminium bar bicycles amounts to 150-200 euros, which is expected to significantly increase the value of the company's pairs of bicycles, in addition to the possibility that the carbs can be integrated with the aluminum bar, which is expected to become a new growth point when the consolidation is completed.
The market price on March 26, 2021 will be the norm for long-term development, with a promising market for photovoltaic glass.
It is expected to bring another long-term growth point for the company.
Glass of Favour: Performance in 2019 without gain or loss, 1) Automobile sales are below expectations, 2) product prices are significantly reduced, 3) raw materials, etc.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.