On December 16, China's gods issued an announcement that the company would be awarded $9,965 million at the bottom of the list and 30 per cent of its share in the energy stock of the Union, which was publicly transferred by Weiwei from the North Bank, as well as with Weiwei, the capital city.
The company’s share in the energy sector has increased from 70% to 100% since the conclusion of the transaction.
Cash buys assets of subsidiaries, and the resource advantage increases. The energy industry is a coal-fired integrated energy enterprise, which is an important start-up point for the country's North Passage project. In January-August 2022, the energy industry generated $8.118 billion in operating revenue, resulting in a net profit of $3.799 billion.
With net profits of about $5.7 billion, the sum of this transaction, which was bought by China, is $9.965 billion, calculated as an industry-wide valuation of 6.14 x, reflects the powerful advantage of China, which, as a major shareholder, acquires assets of its subsidiaries. It is worth noting that after two years of increased coal production insurance policies, it is now being implemented.
There is or will be limited capacity to produce coal mines, while newly approved coal mining projects are faced with insufficient orthopaedic rights to develop and objective constraints on the three- to five-year mine construction cycle, resulting in limited potential for the short-term expansion of the capacity of existing coal enterprises. China’s Shinhua buys through low-cost purchases.
The company’s shareholdings, which have led to an expansion of coal production capacity at a relatively low cost, will contribute to the sound growth and long-term sustainable development of the public sector’s main coal business. Coal, electricity assets, and coal power integration have increased and the advantages of coal integration have been consolidated.
The amount of resources available for storage was 1.35 billion tonnes, the authorized capacity was 18 million tonnes/year, the total authorized capacity of China's God after the transaction was completed was 349 million tonnes/year, the equity capacity was raised from 292 million tonnes/year to 297 million tonnes/year, and the capacity of China's Senghua coal-fired machine was raised to 26.6 million KW/year.
In recent years, the company ' s coal-fired conglomerates have gradually increased, consuming 59.8 million tons of coal in 2021, of which self-produced coal accounted for 83.8 per cent, or 1.2 pct more, and the power plate, which accounts for the profits of large-scale companies, has helped to increase corporate coal-fired power synergies and increase their risk-resistant capabilities.
The company’s valuation is expected to increase with the new cycle of state-owned reforms and new coal-mining projects. In May of this year, the National Investment Commission developed and issued the Work Programme for Improving the Quality of Companies Listed in China.
The focus on business reform will be shifted to listed companies in the country, and the promotion of market values to match built-in values will be the direction of change.
In Beijing, 93% of the 9th Palace Building (up to 12.16) is a priority sector for reform. Meanwhile, the National Development and Reform Commission has accelerated the development of coal mines, with a clear indication of 400 million tons of capacity for new coal mines to start next year.
It is worth noting that, with the new round of state reform and the new cycle of coal mining, the value of the stock of resources available to coal companies and the value of assets, such as production capacity, will be rediscovered, but the current increase in coal prices is due to mining concessions.
Coal resource acquisition costs have risen significantly, along with higher standards of mining construction, a significant increase in the ton of capacity investment in new mines, and the book value of the existing assets of coal companies can no longer be reasonably counterproductive. As can be seen, China’s Senghua, as a leading company in the coal industry, has been listed as a company with which the company’s company is listed.
With the reform of state firms and the re-evaluation of corporate values, it is hoped that the valuation will rise. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: We believe that current policy instruments that rely on short-term productivity gains, such as existing production of mines, and re-digging of production capacity, have been largely exhausted, at the end of supply.
The paradox has shifted to the inadequacy of new mines. At the same time, along with the depth of the country’s strategy to expand domestic demand, and the implementation of a series of sound economic growth policies, the demand for new coal, which is expected to rise at the bottom of the next year, is on the rise.
It is expected that the coal supply and demand situation will continue to tighten over the next three to five years, with a steady rise in the current price hub of coal under the umbrella of the Association, and a small and slow increase in prices. China’s Sino-Chinese Federation of Southeast Asian Nations ratio and integrated operations provide a high degree of certainty about business performance and are expected to rise.
Risk factors: uncertainty in the macroeconomic situation; geopolitical factors affecting the global economy; uncertainty in the policies of the coal- and power-related industries; safety of production accidents in coal mines, etc. Member of the Committee for Operational Audit, Member of the China Society of Geological Minerals and Economics, Member of the pool of experts of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation, formerly a coal worker in China
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of industry associations (chaired by the Director-General) has been involved in research and consultancy in coal and energy-related fields for more than a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Project for Coal Survey and Development, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He is responsible for research on the coal sector.
Li Chunzhi, cfa, Member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly a researcher on big energy panels such as electricity and natural gas. Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States, three years of experience in business studies and electricity market transformation
Ge, Virtual Power Plant Applied Research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector, Xinxuan, Master ' s degree in finance at the Australian National University, and Bachelor ' s degree in finance at the Southwest University of Finance and Economics.
Wu Bojing, a Master of Industrial Economics from Jilin University, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, where components of the coal and coal industry were not, were not, were not, and would not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.