The coal power plate is double-priced, and the potential for new production is worth the event: on October 28, 2022, China’s Shinhua issued a three-quarter report. The company achieved a 45 per cent increase over the reporting period, generating cash flows of 91.09 billion yuan in operating activities, a 34.9 per cent increase over the same period.
Coal plates: Prices of coal sales have risen on a quarterly basis, and the profitability of the plate has continued to increase, by 5 per cent over the previous three quarters of the year, from 235 million tons of corporate merchandise coal production to 309 million tons of coal sales, a 14.5 per cent decrease over the same period, mainly as a result of a reduction in the sale of coal out of companies and the purchase of coal out of the previous three quarters.
In terms of the distribution structure, the company, as a coal company, has been actively engaged in the task of increasing the supply of production insurance and increasing the annual share of the Association. The company’s annual sales of 165 million tons in the previous three quarters have increased by 7.47 per cent, or 53.5 per cent of the total, compared to the previous half of the year.
The average price of coal sold by companies continued to be strained in the supply and demand of coal, with a 17.1 per cent increase in the same year compared to the higher price of coal sold by companies in the 1-3 quarter, with annual sales by the Association increasing the Māori rate of coal plates by 11.4 pct to 36.5 per cent as a result of the decline in the share of coal purchased from abroad.
The company has approved 4.6 million tonnes of capacity this year, while the master plan for the new street Temple site has been approved by the CDRC. The new street area is about 681 square kilometres, with coal resources of about 12.3 billion tons, with a total planned capacity for the construction of eight wells.
Fifty-six million tonnes per year, of which the first well of New Street and the second well of New Street were awarded an energy replacement programme approved by the National Energy Agency in September, with an approved capacity of 8 million tonnes per year. In the future, the company will continue to push into the first well of New Street and the second well of New Street for project approval, and the company’s medium- and long-term coal capacity will be worth growing.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd. Power plate: three-quarters increase in electricity prices and coal power construction is expected to accelerate
In the first three quarters of the month, the company benefited from projects such as the integration of the storage of electricity at the port of Fujianro Bay, with additional installed capacity of 1038 megawatts, resulting in a total of 142.37 billion kilowatt hours of electricity generation, an increase of 15.7 per cent over the same period;
A 16% increase in the same year was achieved when 1337.7 billion kilowatt-hours were sold. In the third quarter, the same year-on-year increase was 24.1%, resulting in an average increase of 373.1 yuan/megawatt-hours for electricity-producing operations, and 43.9 yuan/megawatt-hours per unit of electricity were sold.
Electricity security is a major task, and the process of loading the company's fire power project has accelerated. In October 2022, the country was able to expand the North Sea power plant (planned to build 2*1,000mw supercritical coal-fired generator units) to operate Unit 1; the country's 2x1,000mw expansion project for the 2nd phase of remote power generation has been completed
In the wake of the orderly use of electricity in Sichuan, the National Energy Agency has begun to plan ahead of schedule for the 14th Five-Year Power Guarantee and to press for the accelerated approval of the supporting power source on a provincial basis, and we believe that the pace of investment in the future coal power investment in the corporate country is expected to accelerate. As the electricity market progresses, the electricity will increase.
The scarcity of power peak capacity values will gradually be reflected, electricity prices are expected to rise steadily, company power plates Transport and coalification engineering plates: rising energy prices will increase the cost of each branch and Maori will fall \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
In the first three quarters, the cost of company railways, ports, shipping, and coal-chemical plates increased faster than the income, and Māori fell by the same year. Of this amount, the company shipping branch achieved operating revenues of $4,629 million, compared to the same amount, and we expect the supply and demand of electricity and coal insurance to increase in the last four quarters, support the price of coal, and support the company’s rise in coal prices.
There are significant differences between power plants and port depots under the robust coal supply policy. The coal stock at the power plant is high, with 175 million tons of electricity at the national power station at the end of September, an increase of 124% compared to the highest in the same period; and the port stock is held at the same time.
We believe that the four-quarter “peak winter” increases the demand for coal, and that the supply of non-electric coal is tight and supports the price of coal. The supply and demand of coal will continue to be tight and the company's coal business is expected to continue well.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: We believe that supply and demand stress patterns due to insufficient long-term capital spending in the coal sector will not change in the short and medium term, and coal supply and demand will remain in a tight balance. Domestic demand for new coal from coal power plant construction will exacerbate this tension, with coal in the coming years.
The price hub is expected to continue to rise, and prices are expected to rise upwards, driven by market supply and demand. China’s high level of association and integrated operations have given high certainty to business performance.
Instability of policies in the coal, electricity-related industries, safety of production accidents in coal mines, etc. Member of the Operational Audit Committee, member of the China Society of Geology and Minerals Economics, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields for more than 10 years, presided over “XIII”.
V. National research on coal survey and development planning, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory issues; June 2016, China ' s Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the coal sector. 2019-present, responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunzi, cfa, member of China ' s Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and Master of Financial Sciences, Nanjing University, formerly a Master of Financial Sciences.
Qin Ho, a master's degree in electricity systems from Austin, University of Texas, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity market transformation, in virtual power plant applications and in June 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for electricity.
In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, where he studied coal and electricity, and in July 2022 he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, where he worked in coal and coal industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.