Annual Report 2024: Market Volatility Impacts the Technology Inputs of the Financial Institutions Section, resulting in a decline in corporate performance as a whole, mainly due to the fact that some financial institutions are affected by market volatility and performance growth slows or even declines,
There has been a negative growth in its scientific and technological inputs, as well as a general decline in its budget implementation rate and slow progress in its implementation. Companies have intensified their management of the reduction of efficiency gains and strengthened the development of a new generation of core products. The issuance of inputs has led to a decline in revenue collection and significant procurement lines, procurement decision-making processes and acceptance processes.
In terms of sub-operations, in 2024, the company ' s income from its rich science and technology services was between -17 per cent and 1.4 billion yuan, while its revenue from innovation/enterprises, insurance core and financial infrastructure science and technology services/other operations, respectively, increased efficiency gains, but continued to strengthen R & D inputs for core products.
+1 per cent to $1.8 billion, no significant change; sales costs are equal - 8 per cent to $543 million, and sales costs are falling. As of the end of 2024, the number of company product technicians was 7,348, representing the company's technological innovation and product upgrading.
Sewing to the int system, docking to the ta system, embedding the o45 platform, contributing to the global investment business, E.H.U. (600570): Digital development of the 2024 triannual report. 2 E.M.A. applications have full access to DeepSeek, client demand resolution.
Review: Capital market volatility, impact on corporate performance three times faster, local deployment resource consumption reduced by 50 per cent, financial data from warrenq increased efficiency and accuracy by 15 per cent.
Upline after user acceptance testing: the uf3.0 system landed with a 100-fold leap in transactional performance; four new generations of ta on-line with insured assets and full-scale messaging; and the 5pb2.0 system "pb+ldp" mode of trading delayed securities transactions by less than 2 milliseconds.
• Business coverage and outreach: 1 asset management system summit aiding the integration of offshore operations in financial markets
∙ Integration as an important science and technology platform for current banking and financial institutions;2 the introduction of `mechanical finance' by the Sino-Portal Portfolio, which brings together `production-in-investment-research-distribution' integrated property service platforms;3 and the successful online implementation of the ptrade system's credit-adapted version, which can be adapted to the cpu-fiction of the narm architecture
Hardware servers, the oceanbase database and the ricin V10 operating system: 4 financial intelligence investment assistants, created for the securities comptoirs, are wired, with an accuracy of 80% of their rag question-and-answer technology, with a delay of only about 5 seconds from the end of the problem to the first token output.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: The capital market as a whole is warming, but technological inputs from financial institutions are still not growing, and we still look to the business model of corporate finance, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Market volatility and increased competition in markets.
Figure 3: Income from the Permanent Electronic Classification for 2020-2024 (in millions of yuan) Figure 4: Income from the Permanent Electronic Classification for 2020-2024 as a percentage of income from the Permanent Electronic Classification for 2020-2024