The South-West Securities Research and Development Center has achieved 10 billion new industrial revenue targets in the new opportunities of history.
Incidents: We have recently tracked some of the company’s selections in Fujian and Guangdong, which are better than the market’s general expectations. Fujian and Guangdong bid results are positive. 1) First results of Fujian Sunshine Procurement, Akka, Bazooka, cyclopsilon, datomoxin, Ulizta, Oshalicon, and many others returned to Fujian in 2015
Markets, which are expected to increase by nearly $1 billion; 2) In the first drug competition in Guangdong in 2017, Akapopose, a priority variety, won no price reduction, and the price was better maintained. Classic consultations are conducive to rapid market exposure at the grass-roots level, and core varieties such as Aka, Pegasus, etc. continue to grow at a high rate. 1)
As a result of the consistency assessment, formerly declared Acapo-based companies withdrew and expected to re-reclamate at least three years before approval, thus not having a substantial impact on the company. The Dpp-4 inhibitor in this health catalogue adjustment is only one.
Second-line medications are limited in their impact on Acapo-sugar drugs. Acapo-based sugar research is expensive, companies are tilted to the grass-roots level, new health catalogues of class B are adjusted to class A. The company Aca is able to increase its use at the grass-roots level, with a projected compound growth of about 30% over the next three years; 2) 100% of capsule sales revenue breakthroughs in 2016.
Two billion yuan, an increase of about 20 per cent over the same period, is expected to reach an overall sales target of $2 billion over the next few years, with 100 million now coming from hospital terminals, with hundreds of millions coming from the grass-roots level, with domestic organ transplantation heating, increased import substitution, and the lifting of new health care adaptive restrictions.
1) Three important products have been newly added, the blood plate condensation inhibitor  Buffin is an exclusive species, as is the case with super-antibiotic datomoxin, the western part of the country for anti-cancer drugs and immunosuppliers: 2) 100% capsule classification is transferred from oncological assistive to gas-blood double supplementation, and there are no limits: 3)
The capo-sugar is modified from Healthcare Group B to Class A: 4) cytosone capsules, tacmos capsules, and platinone tablets all remove adaptive restrictions. This will have a positive impact on the follow-up market promotion of company products.
The tragletine, sglt2 and the Kagler net are at the clinical stage, where the products are at the pre-clinical research stage; 2) anti-cancer tubes are on the oncological line, and the coils are at the clinical stage, where the baboons are declared production; 3) the sulfoda sodium sodium apes are expected to be approved in 2017.
1. Chinese medicine (000963), which is reported to have performed well in the year, 2. Chinese medicine (000963), which has been effective in cost control, 3. Chinese medicine (000963), which has been put into operation in 100 new bases,
4. Huadong Medicine (0009663): Simultaneous pharmaceutical taps to a new historical opportunity (2016-06-21)1 Fukugi, Guangdong bid results are better than expected
In recent days, Fujian Province has published a list of joint price-limited purchases of medicines (first instalment) and the maximum sales limit price of health insurance and health insurance payment of settlement prices, and has explained the maximum sales limit price and the settlement price of health insurance payments. The first results of Fujian solar purchase show a return to the Fujian market with the prospect of nearly a billion dollars in market growth.
In the competitive drug trade, the priority varieties of Acapose do not win the price. From the results of the bidding in the relatively polar provinces, Fujian and Guangdong policies, China’s main varieties of medicine have performed better than expected, so we have reason to believe that the company’s output is expected to continue at about 30% sales per year, and 100% of the capsules at more than 20% sales per year.
In the 2017 edition of the National Health Insurance Directory, three products of the company were newly included, the blood plate condensation inhibitor, the single type, the super antibiotics datomoxin, the first, the Western Ribbon anti-cancer and immuno-regulator; and the 100% capsule.
The shift from oncological assistive drugs to gas-blood double supplementation is better than expected before 100 orders have been transferred to the catalogue; Acapo sugar is adjusted from the health-care package B to the category A, and the cyclosulfosil capsules, his/her caps, and Xingletone tablets have all removed their adaptive restrictions. These will have a positive impact on the follow-up market for public sector products, and companies will benefit from a new version of the health insurance catalogue in the long term.
2.1 datocin: Super-bacterial Terminator: until the 1990s, when penicillin was officially produced, the global antibiotics industry has undergone 70 years of full development. The advent of the "super-bacterial" (mimeooxysilin) at the end of the 20th century has rendered many traditional antibiotics ineffective.
In 2003, Datotocin changed the situation, restoring confidence in the antibiotic industry. The company Datotocin declared production in March 2012, and currently the only producers in the country that have obtained approvals for production are Huadong, Hae-jung, and China.
The first product of a cytogen-like antibiotic family, Datorecin, is a second-generation sugar-based antibiotic after Vancusin, whose chemical structure and functioning mechanisms are different from those of all types of antibiotics that have existed for nearly 40 years.
The only new structure type of antibiotics applied to the clinic is the German-positive cell membrane, which acts as a rapid fungicide. Clinics are used mainly for the treatment of complex skin and skin soft tissue infections caused by golden-coloured gluten (including methoxyicillin strains), posculosis pseudocytes, non-emplastic bacterium, immorrhosis-like maa and faecal fungus (Vanculine sensitive strains)
(cssi), bacteriosis (sab) with yellow glucose bacterium, including methoxysilin-sensitive golden glucone (mssa) and methoxysilene glucone (mrsa)-resistant endocrinitis (rie). Guidelines for the treatment of methoxysilene glucone (mrsa) infection published by the Infective Society of the United States (IDsa)
Vis: Vancusin is the dominant drug for treatment for adults with bacteriosis or inflammation of the font valves, and da Tocin is a substitute for Vancusin. Datotocin has a rapid fungicide for stationary and long-term glucose pneumococcus, which has a significantly better effect than Vancusol and others.
Antibiotics, for clinical efficiency, stand at 41% for vantocin, compared to 73% for datocin, which is clearly excellent. Vantocin’s sales revenue for the country’s priority hospitals in 2015 was $320 million, a decline from 2014, while the sales of dato mecin are increasing significantly, and there is much room for datocin to replace vantocin.
In 2015, the market share of Vancusin in key domestic hospitals was dominated by a number of major pharmaceutical companies, such as courtesy, Zhejiang medicine, with the highest rate of 67% in the city of Relai, China. Given Japan’s persistent marketing weaknesses, we believe that the gradual seizure of the Vancusin market by Chinese medical doctors with their initial advantages and strong marketing capabilities is a high probability, and that sales peaks are likely to be sudden.
Figure 8: Changes in the average price of the Datomicillin rating 2.2 The potential of the exclusive thaphine is good for the meachocardiovascular aberrations caused by arterial sclerosis, hemorrhagic cerebrovascular aberrations, vein silicosis.
It can also be used to prevent the formation of blood clots in blood dialysis. This product is the first declared product in the country by Siambova, a fully-funded company of Chinese medicine, formerly the Italian company Farmfaliacarloerba, whose original research product is not marketed in the country, and whose academic outreach is largely non-publicized in the country, so that doctors are currently limited in their knowledge.
Two or three provinces are selling, with income levels of less than $10 million a year, and later sales will move to the east of Central America, hopefully on new steps. This entry to the health-care catalogue is “Aspirin's Insistible Patients.”
In a situation of intolerantness, the sales of chlordome to key hospitals in 2015 amounted to $1.74 billion. Clinically, clinically, the clinical effects of the co-treatment of unstable heartaches by Xeroxin and Qordgray have been well observed, whether in substitution for Xeroxingre or in co-use with Xeroxine Ray, and the company is expected to sell 200 million yuan over a period of three years.
2.3 The western part of the country is rich in anti-cancer product lines, and the western part of the country, with anti-cancer medicines and immunostatic regulators, obtained production approvals in 2012, after which several well-known pharmaceutical companies, such as Shenzhen Wan Lei, Jiang Suhausen, Ossexon and others, received approvals and competition.
The main market for key domestic hospitals, 72%, is the second largest in the world, accounting for 18% of the country’s market. In the west of the country, domestic products remain unopposed, but in terms of the winning price, domestic manufacturers have a clear price advantage, which, in the larger context of health insurance costs, is counterproductive. It is expected that companies will be able to capture their share of the market for this product.
Limited, but to some extent enriched the company ' s anti-cancer product lines.
3.1 The size of our diabetes market, which grew from $22.1 billion in 2015 to $22.1 billion in 2015, has increased from $85.2 billion in 2008 to $22.1 billion in 2015, and is growing at a significantly faster rate than the global rate, with a 14 per cent compound growth rate and rapid growth.
The average annual cost of treatment for diabetes patients in the United States is about $3,000. The average cost of treatment for diabetes patients in our country is much lower than in other large countries such as the United States and Germany, and there is much room for improvement in the future as the level of care and people’s awareness of treatment improves.
The country has a high incidence of diabetes and a very low rate of treatment. On World Health Day 2016, WHO published data showing that more than 500 million adults in China are in the pre-diabetes period, over 110 million of whom already have diabetes. The rate of knowledge of diabetes is only 30.1%, of which only 25.8% are treated. 23% of forks are not treated.
11% are not working, and only 6% are working as expected. The annual cost of treatment for diabetic patients is still low. More than 110 million diabetic patients in our country will be treated systematically as health awareness increases, assuming a 50% coverage rate for diabetic patients in our country is $5,000 per year.
The potential size of the country ' s diabetic drug market has been calculated over the years to be at least 275 billion yuan, which is now clearly underestimated in comparison with the current 22.1 billion yuan market size, and there is still significant scope for the future of our diabetic drug market. Figure 16: Top ten diabetic countries worldwide in 2015 (millions)
Diabetes Diabetes Clinical Treatment Rate - 50% Law 3.2 Target to Drugs is a trend, a glucose enzyme inhibitor is mainstream, starting with the first generation of insulin in the 20th century.
In the future, with more new mechanisms for action, new targets for diabetes drugs, more precise treatments with fewer side effects will gradually replace traditional diabetes drugs. In recent years, basic research has also revolved around targets, and has achieved remarkable results.
Figure 18: History of the development of diabetic drugs in our country is dominated by oral degeneratives, in which alpha-glucose enzyme inhibitors inhibit the activity of the alpha-glucose enzyme on the edge of the small intestinal cell brush, reducing the absorption of small intestines into starch powder, representing the drug with Acarbo sugar; double cylindricalosis.
Hepalytic glucose is produced, representing the drug dichotomy; sulfosia inhibition of liver glucose synthesis; promotion of muscle tissue external glucose intake; and promotion of insulin secretion, representing the drug Graminium.The Southern data show that the market share of α-sugar enzyme inhibitors in oral medicines is 23.37 per cent; and insulin promotion.
The dichotomy and sulfasia are 7.94% and 5.73%, respectively. There are more sub-groups of degeneratives and most of them are dominated by foreign capital.a The competitive pattern of glucose enzyme inhibitors is good, mainly Acarbo and Volglebo, which have a larger market and a greater advantage for domestic firms because of Asians.
With rice and buns as staple foods, the drug slows the absorption of sugar fractions after the patient eats, and Asian dietary habits facilitate the use of the drug, which makes it possible to take the largest share of dozens of oral sugar drugs. 3.3 Acarbo sugar is used as a first-line mellitus mellitus.
In version 2017, although 5 of the dpp4 products were entered, they were restricted to second-line drugs, i.e., when the first-line drug was not valid for payment, while Acapo sugar was used as the first-line drug, and therefore affected, Acapo sugar was the alpha-glucose enzyme inhibitor, the original research firm Bayer, the only alpha-type approved by the United States fda
The glucose enzyme inhibitor has a unique working mechanism, i.e., he combines carbohydrate decomposition enzymes (α-sugar enzymes), from which competitiveness and reversibility inhibit the decomposition of carbohydrate in the small intestine, slows glucose absorption, reduces the high blood sugar levels after meals, and currently uses a linear drug for the treatment of diabetic diabetes.
Bayer has a market share of about 25% in the domestic market for oral sugar, which is also a first line of oral sugar in the country, with a market share of about 41% by variety. We believe that Bayer’s market share will continue to decline, from 73% in the previous two years to less than 70% in 2016.
The market share of Chinese medicine has been rising, a trend that is already evident and will continue. In 2016, the sales of sugar in Central America reached 1.5 billion yuan, and revenue is expected to challenge 2 billion yuan in 2017.
For their part, the companies that now declare the Acapoo-like drug Hae-chung and Lille have withdrawn and re-declared that it will take at least three years to be approved, without posing a threat. And companies have a pre-emptive advantage as a chronic disease drug, Acapo-sugar.
The doctor’s proposal for drugs has a lot of speech, and it is very difficult to change once the first sender is branded, leading to a high cost of entry from outsiders, so we expect that the company’s competitive edge will continue to be maintained in the long term. In addition, in order to extend the life cycle of Acapose sugar, the company declared new chewing pills to the FDA as exclusive.
In 2015, the chewing pill was approved for production, and the China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China Institute of New Drugs (CNT), with clear lines of authority. The company’s chewing pill future will be dominated by a non-based market, with higher prices and better treatments, and will enrich the company’s product lines for diabetes.
We believe that, with health-care support, improved competition patterns and increased market exposure at the grass-roots level, the Acapo series of sugar products is likely to be sold at a peak of $5 billion.4 Projects are well developed, and subsequent research and development will continue to grow.
In 2016, the company spent more than $260 million on research and development, an increase of 21 per cent over the same year, representing about 5 per cent of the income of the pharmaceutical industry.In 2016, the company focused on the development of anti-cancer drugs and accelerated development of super antibiotics and cardiovascular drugs, in the context of continued consolidation of product development and process improvements in the areas of expanded immunosuppressants, diabetes and gastrointestinal tract medicines.
The development of research and development projects has laid the foundation for the future expansion of the Department’s product lines and business performance. The project was developed by the company’s own project, with technical and clinical research services provided by the Hanghua East Medicine Group’s New Medicines Research Institute and the Hangzhou Nine Sources Genetics Corporation.
The New Pharmacy Institute of the East China Medicines Group has also been targeted for companies, with ownership vested in the New Medicines Research Institute of the Hangzhou East Medicines Group, which, when successfully developed, will transfer the agreed exclusive ownership to companies or subsidiaries, thereby shifting some of the R & D risks while achieving an expanded R & D capacity.
In addition, Hangzhou Central China East Pharmaceuticals Ltd. holds an equity interest of 21.06% in Hangzhou Nine Sources Genetic Engineering Ltd., which in 2016 generated $428 million in revenue and realized a net profit of $57.79 million.
No one has ever received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is qualified in securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.