Soft and hardness works, and the intelligent age creates its own core competitiveness. On 01st of September, 2025, the harvest grew robustly, and the product business performed brightly. Performance growth was strong, and q2 profitability showed:
In calculating the strong performance of products and smart electronics, the line of operations generated $6.756 billion, a year-on-year increase.
On a quarterly basis, the company achieved $877 billion in revenue in the second quarter, an increase of 25.10% over the ring and a net return to the mother of $55 million, a significant improvement in the ring comparison, and a positive trend in profitability. Soft and hard layouts showed results, and the intelligence era led to industrial development.
Revenues have grown significantly, and China is the core competitiveness of the industrial chain, which continues to be strengthened in the area of 2025/04/30. Soft energy, as a core co-builder of the openharmony ecology, has been built with the words "Tian Hung."
3. Soft Dynamics (301236.sz) Incident Review: National System swanlinkos+Hong Qing Cloud Management Platform, a core industry-wide chain ecology that provides industry leadership, productivity, intelligence and continuous energy, and long-term upgrading of robotic operations
As of the first half of 2025/03/05, based on the self-research Tianhong operating system, the company had completed almost 10 national chip-adaptation units.
4. Flexible power (301236.sz) performance forecast for 2024 covers a wide range of areas, including cities/parks, industry, transport and education, and creates unique advantages, particularly in the field of ling: a stocktaking: short-term performance fluctuations do not change long-term prospects, and China is an industry.
Deepening the 20+Ring business scene, completion of the 60+Ring certification project, service to match Hung equipment The potential of the chain taps can be assessed as significant improvement in single-quarter performance, with soft and hard combinations.
2) Expanding the hardware sector and opening up new space for development: First, the company is an all-house service provider in the intelligence field.
As the first integrated service provider in the country to achieve "Modular platform plus infrastructure plus ecology" the company uses computing algorithms - model assessment - reasoning box.
The four-tier tailoring system for the development of the rack-tool chain provides clients with a high value-for-money solution for the whole of the ai, deep support for the intelligent landing of the pitfalls of energy, electricity, public security, etc., gaining access to provincial governments and leading enterprises, and, secondly, expanding the regional network of numeracy, deeply participating in the planning of the national numeracy channels and advancing Ningxia, Fujian and Zhang.
Construction and operation of local power control platforms such as the Dots. The 1300p I.A.R. pool in the southeast region, completes the construction of the machine room, installation of equipment, networking of the network, full delivery of the system, builds on local wind power. Green public computing, which provides full back-up from training to reasoning for local industrial upgrading, forms "calculation."
Power + technology base + application ecology full-chain computing service. The TAAS platform is officially launched. Commercial, now connected to Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Ningxia node, to activate cross-regional numeracy flows and achieve many important advances.
The project, in collaboration with the three major operators, builds the core hubs of the national computing network to provide a model pole for the development of the national integrated numeracy network. Third, at the end of the hardware product, self-owned branding includes two major brands: the “mechanical revolution” and the “single pleasure.”
During the first half of the year, the Intelligent International Odm factory launched a series of high-performance games notebooks based on the new platform gn22, such as 16ultra, Dragon, Auroral xpro, which, in terms of evaporation technology, have revolutionized the evaporation structure through the use of mutation silicon, fat and cold water evaporation, and have also taken over the continuation and mobility of flights.
The gfk report shows that in the domestic game house, the share of the mechanical revolution rose to 17% in the first half of 2025, and remained steady in the third place in the industry. During the period of 618, all three power platforms entered to Top4, and the mechanical revolution has stabilized in the first phase of the national competition pc, defined by the upstream supplier as the game notebook.
Fourth, robotics are growing faster, creating important growth dynamics. Soft robotics, with a focus on research and development and innovation around digital capture, interactive intelligence, inspection, and industrial substitution.
Two-legged robotic robotics are set up to walk in a man-like manner. Auto-research and development of wheeled robotic robots a2 and small batch trials are completed, and are officially used in tinless factories. Soft skyscraper complex robots are used as entry points for pertuitive scenes, and complex robotic perceptions, decision-making, motion control, mission planning are addressed.
At the core, the joint eco-research and development of the soft-to-the-day phyxis smart platform successfully built a composite robotic product.
It has been formalized, and its own scarcity is evident. Short-term profit fluctuations do not change long-term development prospects, while the corporate sector is still growing rapidly, opening up the prospect of a firm’s long-term development with a positive profile in the field of robotics.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.