A semi-annual review of the "Soft and Hard One" strategy has been successful, and intelligent exploration has been completed, and the market position of "the leading home-grown intelligent product and service provider" is in the future.
The company has defined the market location of “the leading home-grown smarter products and service providers” and is committed to building the capacity of the entire store for the products and services, and to achieving sound growth in traditional master industries (software and digital technology services) and rapid growth in strategic mergers and acquisitions (hardware products).
In the area of application, the “1+4+n” engineering capability matrix has been developed, and successful landings have taken place in companies such as Tamchae, Ebison, etc.; soft communications have been led by an advisory group, which has signed several tens of millions of class solutions; soft gold finance institutions have been intellectually upgraded, winning and delivering multiple financial technology projects.
The Bureau has accelerated the promotion of coverage of more than 70 core urban nodes and surrounding districts; it has focused on key industries and clients, accelerating business expansion around core business and priority products, leading to rapid contract growth.
China signed a framework agreement with various local partners in the Middle East and large-scale enterprises, such as Japan's New Japan and Japan, to work strategically on projects such as the Pakistan Prime Minister's Youth Plan for 100,000 laptops and the Saudi government's procurement of 30,000 laptops and skds.
In China’s 2024 market for its services and its consulting domestic manufacturer (Saadi consultant) and its third (canalys) share in the domestic market in q1pc in 2025, overall competitiveness has risen steadily. In our view, the company’s “soft and hard” coordinated development strategy has been more effective, with “the domestic leader’s all-intelligent intelligence.”
The market position of Luzheng Yu's chemical products and service providers is in the future. Autonomous software has a pre-eminence and a smart layout to complete forward exploration.
The basic software is autonomously controlled, with the ability to develop and industrialization services such as open-source, open-source, orgola products, and to create pre-emptive advantages in a number of industries. Open-source software builds a whole-chain ecology centred on the “swanlinkos+Hong-pipe platform” and provides industry-led all-officenharmony technology and products.
Open-source Eurasia, an enterprise-level server operating system based on Opineuler, has been upgraded to introduce cranesv24sp1; soft access to computers under the flag
2024 Review of the "Autonomously Controlable +allinai" orientation of the server continues to promote the appliance certification and the bulk pre-loading of the operating system; actively participates in the implementation of the national adaptation project, which is active in calculating the brightness of the product and the performance of the overseas market - 2025 -
The Open Source Gauss database serves as a recommended quality service partner for the community through an opengasuss community service provider (opngaussservicepartner).
In the field of intelligence, as one of the core of the corporate smart-end strategy, active human robots, composite robots, well-functioning, “Strategic Clients + Autonomous Products” business is growing robustly, exploring the frontier.
Research and development innovations. Launch of the two-legged robotic stumps1 and realization of stridewalking; winner of a smart server without a staircase 2024: New business architecture completed its first appearance, building a "soft co-ordination + self-controllable" industry closed — 2024-
Robot projects, with products falling from zero to one; research and development of wheeled robotics a2 and small batch tests are completed and officially used in tinless factories. A combo robot is used as an entry point for prying scenes, recommenced core capabilities such as robotic perception, decision-making, motion control, mission planning, etc.
Robotic products, combs g1, combs g1, combs k1, co-founder of the Beijing Construction Group Six, have been better served by the corporate “soft and hard” coordinated development strategy, “the home-grown all-intelligent products and services.”
The company is expected to earn 35.299 billion yuan in business in 2025-2027, less than expected, faster technology overlaps, and more competition in the market. Namely, the team has deeper industrial resources in advanced manufacturing, civil-military integration, new energy sources, new materials, etc., and is good at top-down industrial chain research and resource integration, and is committed to the transformational upgrading of Chinese manufacturing.
This report has been prepared by China Air Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended to be sent or for any dispatch, release, release, etc.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the public or resident in any area, country or other area under its jurisdiction in which it is available or used to make SAC and its associated companies in violation of local laws or regulations or to subject the SAC securities to its laws or regulations. The copyright of the material in this report is a SAC security unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.