China's aluminium industry was founded in 2001 to create a large-scale industry, with a large-scale industry of aluminium, with a large-scale industry of non-ferrous metals and industrial metals, with a full chain of aluminium.
The company’s main business consists of four main plates: aluminium oxide, raw aluminium, trade, and energy, in which the aluminium industry has formed a complete industrial chain of bauxite-aluminium oxide, electrolysis, aluminium-aluminium alloys. In 2022, the company produced 17,64 million tons of aluminium oxide, which is part of the domestic market.
Aluminium shares are the largest green aluminium supplier in the country, with 3.05 million tons of green aluminium and a complete green aluminium industry chain. In November 2022, the company completed its work.
The third acquisition of the shares in aluminium has led to the holding of 29.1% of the shares in aluminium, making it the first major shareholder in aluminium, and to the realization of the balance sheet. Americium is used to further strengthen the company’s industry leadership, while also enabling it to raise the company’s green aluminum ratio based on its advantages in terms of clean energy.
Electrolytic aluminium is about to reach the energy ceiling, with power cuts leading to a mismatch of supply and demand in the industry. At the end of the supply end, after 2017, electrolytic aluminium production was transferred from coal-based areas to hydropower-based Yunnan, Guangxi, etc., with some hydroelectric plants having poor regulatory performance, with a year-round distribution of power generation with more water-rich periods and less water-dry periods, resulting in low levels of water availability.
Electricity supply is unstable, electrolytic aluminium companies have limited capacity, domestic electrolytic aluminium operations and production can reach or be close to the top. At the demand end, data on the start and completion of domestic real estate in 2022 are weak, real estate is more resilient to completion in 2023, and demand for aluminium in construction is expected to rise.
The cost of raw materials, such as electricity, has fallen. The level of profitability has risen. The full cost of electrolytic aluminium is made up of aluminium oxide, electricity, predating anodes, and aluminium fluorine, each of which accounts for about 35 per cent of the total cost.
Premature anodes account for about 15% of the total cost, three together account for about 85% of the cost, and the profitability of electrolytic aluminium is closely related to the price of the three. Since this year, the profits of electrolytic aluminum units have increased significantly with the sharp drop in oil coke and coal prices.
Profit forecasting and valuation: In the context of the overall intensification of the reform and continuous upgrading of American companies in recent years, demand for metals has fallen short of expectations: the US Federal Reserve ' s over-expected interest increase policy has led to the risk that metal prices will be suppressed; prices of raw materials such as electricity, aluminium oxide, etc., have increased significantly, leading to a decline in the profitability of electrolytic aluminium.
Founded in Beijing in September 2001 by China's Aluminium Company Ltd. (“China Aluminium Industry”), led by the China-Aluminium Group, in association with Guangxi Investment Group Ltd., and Guizhou Province Limited, which has limited responsibility for investment in material development.
The company, co-sponsored by the company, is a leading company in the aluminium industry and is a global leader, with major products such as aluminium oxide and original aluminium producing the highest in the world. The company was jointly traded in Hong Kong in December 2001, so it was listed on the New York Stock Exchange in April 2007 in the form of shares in United States deposits.
The company’s main business is aluminium oxide, original aluminium, trade, and energy. In the aluminium industry, a complete industrial chain of bauxite-Oxide-Aluminium electrolyte-Aluminum-Aluminum alloys has been formed.
The three main industries are bauxite, aluminium oxide, and electrolytic aluminium; three core sub-industries are specialized in pure aluminium, aluminium alloys, fine aluminium oxide; three complementary industries are used in fine carbon, coal, electricity; three coordinated industries are used in strong trade, logistics, materials; and three green industries are used in solid slur use, regenerated aluminium and electrolytic waste co-disposal.
The optimal configuration of value chains, business chains, supply and demand chains, and space chains, creates a multi-winner situation between efficiency gains and cost reductions in the industrial chains of associated firms. Relying on the National Investment Commission, management encompasses a wide range of talent.
Quarterly, 29.43 per cent of the company's shares are held; the owner is the State Finance Committee of the State Council and 100 per cent of the China-Aluminium Group. Mr. Liu Qianping, Chairman of the company, graduated from the Chinese People's University, possessed a wealth of human resources and business management experience: the remaining members of the board of directors and the company's executives are high-level professionals in mining, law, accounting, etc.
Experience has enabled companies to provide strong technical and professional support in the development and technological development of the aluminium-processing industry, the expansion of domestic and foreign markets, and business management. Talent is an important safeguard for companies’ future development.
Incentives implement the management of the appraisals, as shown in the table below. In May 2022, the company completed the first registration of the 2021 equity incentive scheme, awarding 11,227.0 million restricted shares, or 0.66% of the total equity of the company, to 930 persons at a RMB 3.08/equity award price.