The profits from the fall in the price of potassium lithium and the further increase in the returns on investment in copper mines were reported in the incident evaluation report of the company Zügge Mining (000408.sz).
Fuhh@cfsc.com.cn Potassium production was well sold and the overall price fell q2 of potassium chloride production was 15,86, 36.42 million tons, respectively. q1, q2 of potassium chloride were sold.
The amount was 13.96 and 400.5 million tonnes respectively, and the operating income from potassium chloride was 1,122 million yuan in the first half of the year, a decrease of 32.70 per cent in the same year; lithium production from q1 and q2 carbonate was 2385.5 and 3423.5 tons, respectively.
Lithium sales were 3970 and 3660 tons, respectively. 634 million yuan of lithium carbonate operating income was realized in the first half of the year, a decrease of 43.39 per cent in the same year;
In the two quarters of 2024-03-27, the copper industry produced 810,000 tons of copper, generating 6,117 million.
The company has a 30.78% share in the giant bronze industry.
During the semi-annual reporting period, the company earned $855 million in investment earnings, representing the net return of the company.
The project is expected to achieve pilot production in the first quarter of 2026, with a combined annual extraction of more than 110 million tons of ores and a yearly increase in mineral copper of between 300,000 and 350,000 tons, making it the largest single selection in the country and the largest in the world in the current century.
As of August 10th, 2024, the project has completed the selection of sites for production workshops, pre-existing land levelling and road construction in some mining areas.
The Ministry of Energy and Mines of the Lao People's Democratic Republic has evaluated the Lao Project Corporation's submission to the Lao Government of the " Nagho-Nagho-Setani County of Vientiane City " .
The exploration report for the Tongkun potassium salt mining area in Bao County, which estimates that the total amount of potassium salt ore detected + control + push-out is 6,285 million tons, of which the total amount of potassium chloride resources is 970 million tons, and that the amount of potassium chloride resources at the control level is more than 79%.
The project company will advance the project on potassium salt mining in the Lao district of Vientiane Setany, which was compiled in the Project Feasibility Study and is currently conducting field drilling and data collection.
The company’s operating income and net return profits were reduced by the same ratio as the price of lithium carbonate and potassium chloride. However, given the company’s advantage in the cost of lithium lifting from salt lakes, Mimi’s future release of salt lakes can be expected; the giant copper mines continue to expand their production capacity; and
The copper price hub is moving up. The company's forward performance is expected to continue to grow, thus maintaining a “buy-in” investment rating. 1) Global lithium salt lake and lithium mine production is overexpected; 2) lithium battery demand is not as high as expected
(iii) The mining of salt lakes and potassium from companies is not proceeding as expected; (4) the bronze industry is profiting less than expected; (5) the price of potassium chloride is highly volatile.
The strategy and the six-year experience of new energy research. Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemicals, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of vendor research, ten years of buyer research experience, good judgment of industries and companies through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition
In 2023, you joined the Chinese securities research team, China and China, China University, and Hong Kong Chinese University, with a master's degree in science in color and new materials.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, for not having done so, nor for having submitted specific proposals or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.