Hikvision (002415 CH)
Taking time to recover
HOLD (Down)
Target Price
RMB47.29
Hikvision delivered a weaker than expected FY1Q23 with revenue of
(Previous TP
RMB37.44)
RMB16.2bn (-2% YoY) and net profit of RMB1.81bn (-21% YoY). Sequential
Up/Downside
6.1%
improvement in top-line (vs -9% YoY in FY4Q22) and GPM (+1.4 ppts YoY)
Current Price
were the bright spots. Hikvision will focus on quality growth in FY23E with better
RMB44.56
control on project profitability, headcount (+10% YoY in FY22, stable in FY23E)
China Software & IT Services
and opex. We think recent share price rebound has reflected the positives in
Marley NGAN
earnings recovery and the RMB2.0bn share repurchase. Downgrade to HOLD.
FY1Q23 miss although revenue decline narrowed and GPM improved.
Hikvision reported in-line FY22 with revenue of RMB83.17bn (+2% YoY)
Bowen LI
and net profit of RMB12.84bn (-24% YoY). The weakness in net profit was
due to 1) GPM erosion (-2 ppts YoY to 42.3%) and 2) higher opex (+17%
YoY) as headcount grew +10% YoY to 58,280. FY1Q23 results remained
muted with revenue of RMB16.2bn (-2% YoY) and net profit of RMB1.81bn
Stock Data
(-21% YoY). A sequentially narrowed decline in top-line (-2% YoY vs. -9%
YoY in FY4Q22) and GPM improvement (+1.4 pct pts YoY) were yet to
offset the higher opex (+16% YoY).
Positive on the innovative businesses growth prospect but yet to see
Source: FactSet
a rebound in PBG/ SMBG/ overseas segments. Post-COVID recovery
Shareholding Structure
was slower than expected that only EBG (Large Enterprise-focused)
resumed positive growth in FY1Q23. Rebound in PBG (Public Security),
SMBG (SME) and overseas business is not in sight yet. That said, we are
positive on the revenue diversification with innovative businesses (e.g.
Share Performance
vs. 10% in FY20. Non-surveillance business will remain as the core growth
driver (FY22 revenue grew +22.8% YoY to RMB15.07bn).
Focus on quality growth in FY23E. Management believes Hikvision
Source: FactSet
business has bottomed out from the pandemic with FY4Q22 being the
12-mth Price Performance
trough. We expect to see sequential improvement in top-line and margin as
the company focuses on quality growth in FY23E with tighter control on
project profitability, headcount and opex. We estimate Hikvision net margin
to improve from 15.4% in FY22 to 17.7% in FY23E.
Lack near-term catalysts, downgrade to HOLD. We trimmed FY23-24E
net profit by 7-9% to reflect a slow recovery from COVID. Share price has
rebounded by 66% since its bottom in Oct 2022. We think the existing price
Source: FactSet
level has reflected the near-term positives (earnings recovery and the
RMB2bn share repurchase is completed). Downgrade to HOLD with new
Related Reports
target price of RMB47.29, based on higher 27x (prior 20x) FY23E P/E, in-
"China AI – Margin under pressure
amid weakening demand" - 31 Oct
line with 3-year mean as business bottomed out from COVID.
2022 (link)
"China AI - Public security
demand remained weak in 3Q22,
limited near term impact from new
(link)
Focus Charts
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data
Source: Company data
FY22 results review
Revenue was RMB83,166mn (+2% YoY), largely in-line with our and consensus
estimates. (pre-announced revenue: RMB81,174mn)
Gross profit was RMB35,170mn (-3% YoY), largely in-line with our and consensus
estimates.
Gross margin was 42.3%, (-2 pct pts YoY), above our estimate by 0.5 pct pts and
consensus by 0.8 pct pts.
Operating profit was RMB12,358mn (-25% YoY), below our estimate by 8% and
consensus by 13%.
Operating margin was 14.9% (-5.5 pct pts YoY), below our estimate by 0.6 pct
pts and consensus by 2 pct pts.
Net profit was RMB12,837mn (-24% YoY), below our estimate by 7% and
consensus by 4%. (pre-announced net profit: RMB12,827mn)
EPS was RMB1.36 (-24% YoY).
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
FY1Q23 results review
Revenue was RMB16,201mn (-2% YoY, -31% QoQ), missed our estimate by 7%
and consensus by 10%.
Gross profit was RMB7,317mn (+1% YoY, -26% QoQ), largely in-line with our and
consensus estimates.
Gross margin was 45.2%, (+1.4 pct pts YoY, +3 pct pts QoQ), beat our estimate
by 1.7 pct pts and consensus by 2.9 pct pts.
Operating profit was RMB1,902mn (-25% YoY, -51% QoQ), missed our and
consensus estimates by 30%.
Operating margin was 11.7% (-3.7 pct pts YoY, -4.7 pct pts QoQ), below our
estimate by 4 pct pts and consensus by 3.4 pct pts.
Net profit was RMB1,811mn (-21% YoY, -55% QoQ), below our estimate by 28%
and consensus by 43%
EPS was RMB0.19 (-21% YoY, -55% QoQ), below our estimate by 28% and
consensus by 4%.
Figure 8: FY1Q23 results review
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM, Bloomberg
Operating model
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Valuation
Hikvision (002415 CH, HOLD, TP: RMB47.29)
We downgrade Hikvision from BUY to HOLD with new target price of RMB47.29 (prior
RMB37.44). We derived our target price from higher 27x (prior 20x) FY23E P/E, in-line with
its three-year mean. We use a high multiple as we think business has bottomed out from
COVID. Also, spin-off of HikRobotics to be listed on A-share should be positive to Hikvision.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced,
reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US. Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.