2022 & 2023q1 performance forecast: Accelerating national production replacement, q1 outperforming market expectations
Keywords: #Import Substitution Events: Companies issue a 2022 performance report; Companies issue a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2023.  Full on hand orders & accelerated delivery of equipment, with revenue endings of 2023q1 exceeding market expectations
On the one hand, it benefits from a rapid increase in market access in the area of company semiconductor equipment, and on the other hand from a steady growth in electronic components operations. On a quarterly basis, 2022q4 operating revenues amounted to $4.676 billion, compared to +33.21%, a slower increase, which we judge to be mainly a 2022q4 escalation in United States sanctions.
In the context of the combined sanctions against Japan and the Netherlands, the mill accelerated the import of domestic semiconductor equipment.
In addition, in 2021, companies raised $8.5 billion in non-public funding for semi-carrier equipment expansion projects that will effectively reduce capacity bottlenecks and guarantee a sustained and rapid growth in performance. The level of profitability is on a fast-growing path, with 2023q1 net non-return earnings increasing more than twice as much.
+6.01pc, a significant increase in profitability. We judge that this has benefited from product structural optimization, a decline in product formation, and an increase in the Māori rate; on the other hand, from a fall in the cost rate during the period under the scale effect.
Quarterly reviews: q3 performance accelerates growth, but also exceeds market expectations. If the median performance forecast of 20231 is used as a reference, the profit level of 2023o1 is also significantly higher.
Indigenous semiconductor equipment platform company, which will replace national production of long-term beneficial equipment Report: Six-month performance has increased significantly, successive United States, Netherlands and Japan have joined the sanctions camps, and semiconductor equipment import substitution logic continues
In addition, with the launch of the bidding process for the 2023 q2 conversion plant, it is expected that the increase in the domestic production rate of semiconductor equipment in 2023 will sustain a steady increase in performance.
Companies will continue to benefit from a trend toward national substitution of equipment through rapid breakthroughs in multi-product lines. The company’s product system continues to improve, with integrated circuit equipment oriented towards multiple areas such as logic, storage, power, advanced containment, etc.
Expanding, multiple new items such as etching machines, pvd, cvd, ald, stand-up furnaces, washing machines, etc. are brought into the mainstream production line. Specifically, bulk purchase of corporate equipment by mainstream chip lines in the logical field; multiple new types of process equipment in storage are validated by production lines; and advanced containment areas have multiple product series layouts with the country
There is a cooperative relationship between the main inner containment plants; the power plant area works in depth with mainstream domestic manufacturers to become a major supplier of equipment for the mainstream industry, and the company’s growth space continues to open rapidly.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: given the company’s adequacy of hand orders and accelerated delivery of orders, we
There are sufficient hand orders, higher levels of profitability, and the valuation remains at the bottom, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.