The replacement of home-grown equipment in the North (002371.sz) accelerated, with a 69-87 per cent increase in the 1q23 battalion, a 69-87 per cent increase in the 1023 battalion over the same period, and a continuous increase in the market share of semiconductor equipment.
huhui2@guosen.com.cn won (yoy221.8%-260.4%). Compared to the same period last year, the market share of company semiconductor equipment continued to rise, and the electronic component business was steadily developing, resulting in the company’s gross operating income and its attribution to the public.
The net profits of the division ' s shareholders increased on a year-to-year basis, mainly as a result of higher market ownership of semiconductor equipment and an increase in sales orders; operating profits, total profits, net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies; and the main reason for the increase in the basic per-share income indicator.
On 7 October 2022, the United States exported 14 nm to China, as well as the following logical processes, 128 floors and above, and the nadflash and 18 nm and below, to China.
On March 31, 2023, the Japanese government announced plans to restrict 23 semiconductors to a maximum price of 52 weeks/minimum prices.
We believe that, as the situation is getting worse, semiconductor manufacturing equipment will be nationalized by a further $2699.42 million, and that the company will be a platform-based equipment enterprise, which is expected to replace the beneficiary countries more rapidly.
The business consists of etching machines, pvd, cvd, ald, stand-up furnaces, washing machines, etc., and assumes the heavy responsibility of domestic semiconductor processes and the nationalization of different node equipment. The company is now fully integrated into a number of domestic headlines such as logic replacements, storage, advanced sealing, etc.
The investment proposal is that domestic semiconductor equipment should be extended to the mainland, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Risks, continued deterioration in international relations, etc.
North China (002371.sz) - 268% profit growth in the third quarter, and profitability followed by North China (002371.sz) - Downstream highs and rising profitability - North China (002371.sz) - Nationally manufactured eastwards of semiconductor equipment, 2022
North China (002371.sz) - Commercial Import Speed Up for Semiconductor Equipment, 1q22 Deducted
Figure 2: Quarterly operating income of the company and rate of increase in the same year, Figure 3: Quarterly net profits of the company and rate of increase in the same year ' s return, Figure 4: Quarterly net profits of the company and rate of increase in the same year
Figure 5: Cost over the company period, Figure 6: Corporate Māori Rates, Net Interest Rates Author ' s assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; logic of analysis is based on author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author