Increased platform utilization, increased competition in the industry, 3-quarter review of China Sea oil uniforms (601808) 3-quarter performance report for 2018 issued by companies with 16.5 per cent increase in business income over the previous three quarters.
13.18 million yuan, attributable to the net profit loss of the shareholders of the listed company, $277 million, higher capital expenditure for the same loss compared with the increase of 1.03 China Sea oil, and continued to rise in the utilization of the rigs. Nearly 70% of the oil capital in mid-third quarter of this year, compared to 57.5% last year, recovered.
A short-term loss on the platform’s daily costs from the impact of typhoons. The market for international drilling platforms’ services has increased, and subsequent increases in the daily costs have been favourable.
After oceanics, the third quarter of this year was merged with Rowan’s stock exchange, which became the largest marine drilling contractor in the world. The second largest offshore drilling service provider, Transocean, acquired Norwegian songaoffshore and oceanrig in the third quarter of this year, with the North Sea and deep water markets.
The market for drilling wells at sea tends to be monopolized by large companies, with a shift in industry patterns, a favourable day-to-day fee for drilling wells The company benefits from an increase in capital spending on oil in China and against the backdrop of a rapid recovery in the utilization of international drilling platforms The demand for finished oil has declined significantly and the oil and gas reform programme has not been implemented substantially.
In the West Side, at 28 West Rixie Street, at 1000 Hengsheng Building, Lujiang Beak Road, Fukuda District, Fukuwa is free of charge on the 6th.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Test Zone, 17th Floor, China Sea International Center, 17th Floor.
The company's clients (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) use the information of legal compliance to produce this report independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, not as an invitation or guarantee for the purchase or sale of securities or the subject matter of their investments. The views, recommendations, etc. do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be obtained from the report, and consult with any professional financial consultant in the financial, tax and other fields. The company ' s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not predict the accuracy of this report and this document.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.