q2 performance has improved significantly, with new material projects reported for rating in mid-2020, i.e., Warau Heungl (600426) Flexible production responded to price shocks in order to add value, and performance improved significantly in q2
\triangleright recorded a 15.3 per cent decline in sales in the same year, with the sale of 132.79, 18.04, 9.93, 30.33, 3185 million tons of fertilizer, organochlorine, adipic acid and intermediates, acetic acid and derivatives and polyols, respectively, in the first half of the year, of which the first half was sold.
Product prices have declined, with fertilizers, organochlorines, adipic acids and intermediates, acetic acids and derivatives, polyols versus polyols The Unit's multi-production model compared to the trend of 300 depths, positive adaptation to changing market demand, reduced efficiency gains and significant improvement in o2 performance.
Production and distribution linkages have continued to increase, with new material items located in the first half of the year, and companies have continued to strengthen production and marketing linkages, adjusting product structures and achieving an orderly link between production and distribution, with q2 major products totalling 231.87 million tons, or 81 per cent more than in the first quarter of the year; sales of major products totalled 2,151.2 million tons, with ring growth.
Of these, 94 per cent, i.e. organochlorine, adipic acid and intermediate, polyol single-season sales of 10.27, 6.12 and 17.22 million tonnes, are expected to be ready for production by the end of the year and the project ' s profitability to post-partum adipic acid will be further enhanced; the project ' s new material project of 300,000 tonnes/year of amphetamine and nylon will progress at 35 per cent and the cost of the project to post-natal antiamide will be further reduced.
Prices of small urea were raised to $1760 per ton in August 2020, and prices of urea, adipic acid and liquid ammonia were increased by $200 per ton.
/Tons; IA prices increased by 100, cash from the plant was quoted at $2750/t, and prices for most of the remaining products remained stable. The Department continued to harness the combined effect of large production controls, deep-drawing devices and system potential, with a more significant low-cost advantage when the industry cycle went down.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.