The company, as a coal-chemical pole company, has a clear cost advantage, and construction and planning projects will continue to be released.
Adding new production capacity, contributing to new performance growth points, looking at the growth of the company, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating. By way of value supplementation, the performance ring improved in the second quarter: due to falling product prices, combined Māori rates in the first half of the year, in terms of sales, soft corporate co-production, increased production of relatively better-profit products, including fertilizer sales
A 8.5% increase in volume, a 3.5% increase in organamide sales, and a small fall in other products. A single-season ring comparison shows only a small increase in the mean melamine ring in the second quarter, a small drop in the prices of fertilizer, acetic acid and derivatives, and a more than 20% decline in the adipic acids and intermediates, polyol rings, but as the epidemic improves and the economy improves.
Recovering, there was a marked improvement in the sales of products other than fertilizer in the second quarter, with a combination of adipic acid and intermediate sub-prices, and an improvement in the performance of the round. In addition, sales rates in the first half of the year, as a result of changes in the guidelines, have stopped the fall in product prices, and performance is expected to continue to improve in the second half of the year: the first quarter of the epidemic, the second quarter of the year.
International oil prices have fallen sharply, and prices for chemical products have continued to fall in the first half of the year. The current domestic epidemic is stable, international oil prices have risen to $40 or more, supported by a reduction agreement, and chemical products have risen to the bottom. Ring prices have risen from the average of the second quarter to urea, the company’s main product.
In addition, companies are domestic coal-chemical poles, with clear cost advantages, flexible co-production, strong resistance to market risks, and a gradual exit of small and medium-sized production from the same sector in the previous period, with a firm's market share expected to grow in reverse, depending on the company's continued improvement in its performance in the second half of the year.
New projects are progressing well and future performance growth is assured: by the end of the six-monthly report, the company was working on 11.30 billion yuan, an increase of 252 per cent over the previous year. The main projects under construction were the QAQ project and the start-up of production in the second half of the year, which the postnatal company expects to contribute $7.6 billion in operating income, net.
A further 742 million yuan in profits. In the dmf sector, the company is expanding, seizing 16 per cent of the industry's output, offering an opportunity to invest 380 million yuan in dmf and its auxiliary methamamine capacity expansion, 120,000 tons/year, an increase of about 50 per cent, and later on, the company will invest over 10 billion dollars in building 1.5 million tons of new green chemicals materials.
Projects provide a new impetus for the growth of company performance in the medium to long term. Companies rely on gasification platforms to continuously expand the company’s industrial chain, release new production capacity, optimize product structure, and have sufficient power to grow in the future to support future performance growth and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.