Resource and Environmental Research Center (RERC) Sales up and down, second quarter performance over and above expectations Company fundamentals (RMB)
Two-quarter product sales were quickly repaired, coal price fluctuations created profit margins: second-quarter company operations quickly returned to normal and product sales increased significantly, with sales of academia and intermediates and organamide products of 6.12 tons and 10.27 tons, respectively, ring increases of 32 per cent and 61 per cent, excluding stocks of pure benzene raw materials.
As a result, there will be a return to the profits of the products of the adipic acid, while the company, as the leader of the organamine industry, has a strong market impact, a relatively stable market for the profits of the products, and a significant recovery in the sales and profits of the two major businesses, which will drive public 1.
In the second quarter, as a result of the sharp fall in crude oil prices in the previous quarter, coal prices went through a significant process of recovery, and average prices increased the profitability of businesses. When costs were optimized, companies showed once again good cost-control capabilities.
“In the context of low oil prices, the depth of the company's core value is evident The company, as a coal-chemical company, has a relatively high earning pressure, but the company has consistently optimized its costs by helping to optimize its processes and technological adaptations to reduce the production costs of its products, while reducing its production patterns through the use of production lines
3. Cost Control is the centre for greater profitability, multi-chain layout, and price volatility risks, thereby stabilizing the profitability of the company’s base. In the second quarter, the company’s cost rate is again down, ranging from cost control to cost control, and the company continues to strengthen its advantages with good corporate management capacity.
Technology change and new construction projects continue to drive corporate development, and the management of Shandong energy consumption indicators is expected to expand the development space of high-quality industries. After many years of development, the company has created its own strong costs and technological advantages in the field of gasification and has contributed to the company’s basic profitability.
Management, elimination of backward production capacity, and new development space for industry leaders. The company will be able to expand the second half of the year through the dmf technology conversion project, and the company ' s 2021-2022 project for the precision of adipic acid and nylons and nylons will be extended to optimize the quality of existing products and reduce the cost of production.
Industrial chain layout, leading to further improvements in corporate performance. Corporate growth over the years has been robust and orderly, with multiple product layouts and cost advantages, resistance to cyclical fluctuations, higher risk exposure, and lower crude oil prices and the impact of the new crown epidemic, with some of the company’s product prices below the price of the product.
Risk of sharp fluctuations in crude oil prices: risk of significant deterioration of downstream demand: price of end products has fallen sharply.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment