The chemical industry reported a positive performance, with a clear low-cost advantage for the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Summary of performance: In the mid-2020 report, companies achieved operating income of $5,993 million, or 15.3 per cent of the year, and the low quality highlighted cost advantages and chemical products held back. In the first half of 2020, fertilizer (100 million yuan in urine, or 24 per cent of the year), organochlorine (dmf, etc.) generated revenue of $879 million, or +2 per cent of the year, acetic acid and derivatives.
The income is 682 million yuan, corresponding to 16 per cent, and 575 million yuan, corresponding to 32 per cent. The difference between the urea-coal price and 14 per cent, between the ethanol-coal price and 17 per cent, between the acetic acid-coal price and -23 per cent. Due to improved supply and demand patterns, the difference between the dmf-coal price and +119 per cent in the first half of the year.
In terms of volume, fertilizer sales were 1.32 million tons, compared to +9%, adipic acid and derivative sales of 99.3 million tons, and production guarantees maximized profits, while generating significant excess gains at the bottom of the industry with low-cost advantages. The cycle warms back, urea, dmf, profits up. The global economy is recovering, and Brent crude oil is returning.
The comparative advantage of the coal industry is being repaired at $40 per barrel or more, with the domestic manufacturing pmi exceeding expected return to 51.1 per cent in July, with exports rising to 7.2 per cent in the same year, benefiting China, where the epidemic is well under control as global demand recovers. dmf prices are mainly due to supply and demand constraints caused by the withdrawal of the Jiangshan plant, with the company expected to produce 100,000 tons of dmf in the third quarter.
The current price of urea is $1760 per ton, an increase of $150 over the two quarters, and it has recently been promoted mainly by India, with a company capacity of 1.8 million tons of urea. There are signs of a return to demand for other products such as adipic acid, methanol, octanol, etc.
The company continues to expand in reverse at the bottom of the cycle, with existing product structures, including herbic acids, dmf projects. On the other hand, it expands new products, building on existing gas gas platforms, making full use of synthetic gas resources, and developing cyclohexone-hexamide-nylon6 (polyamide) slices.
The low-valued white horse (2020-04-30) at the end of the period does not receive, either directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.