Events: The company released its mid-2020 report, which achieved operating income of $5,993 million during the reporting period, with the same amount of revenue as the company.
Compared to 15.3 per cent; net profit from the parent is 904 million yuan, corresponding to 30.93 per cent.
Production, mainly urea, dmf, acetic acid, ethanol, etc.. 2020h1, affected by domestic and foreign epidemics, demand contracted, international crude oil prices fell sharply, prices of major chemical products fell sharply, leading to a similar decline in corporate performance and a decline in the Māori rate, but companies fully replenished their prices.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Taking advantage of cost advantages and the advantage of flexible production technology platforms, a certain reduction in the decline in performance total market value/flow (millions)
For the coal industry, the oil price hub level has a direct impact on its profitability, particularly on products with a high correlation between the top/minimum product structure and petrochemicals and the oil and gas industry chain, including methanol, ethanol, vs.
In 2020, the average international oil prices were $46 per barrel for q1 and q2 and wti, respectively, 28 Walluheungl (600426) Wallu dollars per barrel for the Pacific Chemical Industry, the ring ratio was down, and in the context of low oil prices, the company achieved a net return profit of $430 million to the mother.
It's been 20 years since the first quarter of the year: flexible production, cost, $474 million, ring improvement, again reflecting the company's flexible production and cost advantage. With the advantage of securing basic profits, waiting for the cycle of repair.
The bottom of oil prices is recovering, and corporate profits are expected to recover.
Ten thousand tons (+3.50 per cent of the same year), 879 million yuan (+2.21 per cent of the same year) of sales revenue, at an average price of the same value, as measured by the three-quarterly annual report of Wallu Helium of the Pacific Chemical Industry: cost advantages in an unfavourable environment
New projects led to the long-term investment of 1.5 million tons of new green chemical materials in Shandong Province as the first priority for a major new and old dynamic energy conversion project bank.
Two sub-projects (160,000 tonnes/year) and new nylon materials (030,000 tonnes/year) (1) Quality Improvement of Precision Dipic acids: new 16,660,000 tonnes of monoline glycephate and tons of self-use), 200,000 tonnes of methylic acid, 200,000 tonnes of nylon 6 slices, 480,000 tonnes of ammonium sulfide, this one.
The project will further improve the downstream chain of cyclohexone, increase the combined value added of the industry chain, form a cyclohexone-hexamide-nylon6 (polyamide) cut-off chain, and build an integrated new material industry base.
Both have achieved operating income of $5.613 billion, with a total profit of $446 million, and work is progressing at about 16 x and 13 x. Considering the firm’s significant cost advantages and the long-term contribution to the orderly advancement of new projects, profit projections and financial indicators:
In the context of low oil prices, it's very profitable and resilient, and it's a cyclical fixture.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.