It's very resilient, straight-line system construction and a series of alcohol growth.
Chen Qingqing Lee Irene discloses major business data bulletins for the first half of 2022, which state that 2022h1 is expected to achieve gross operating income of around $59.4 billion (or about US$ 59.4 billion).
The revenue from the market was about 49.9 billion yuan and $7.5 billion for the series, an increase of about 17 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother is expected to be about 29.7 billion yuan, an increase of about 20 per cent in the same year.) The country’s trade-and-food perspective is one of two quarters, with a steady rise in net interest rates, and a combination of the series and the series of wines; and (2) a smooth roll-out of the table.
Further construction of the aid camp system, which is expected to sustain steady growth in revenue; 3) ongoing release of company marketing reform dividends, with a sustained positive outlook, with a particularly strong long-line value; 4) investment proposals: in the context of the continued escalation of external consumption and the continued high-end alcohol industry, as well as new internal tubes.
2022H1 expects to achieve a gross operating income of about 59.4 billion yuan (+17%), a net profit of about 29.7 billion yuan (+20%) for the mother, which has had some impact on the demand for and sales of the industry, and a fall in the prices of the huts, but which have remained relatively steady since May, supported by the rigidity of the demand for gifts and high-end dinners. As the epidemic has gradually been under control, the demand for white wine has been warming.
A recovery in the price of the batch is also evidence of a gradual improvement in demand. By sub-product, the expected operating income of 2022h1 khat is about 49.9 billion yuan (+16 per cent), an increase, and the projected increase in the full price of kowtows outside the sky in January this year, which is expected to result in a substantial increase in the price of unvalued products; the successful roll-out of i kiosks in the 2022h1 series is further enhanced.
The i-pot was launched on the basis of digital marketing, which is important for the construction of the company’s direct-account system and price control. Since the end of March, the i-potium has accumulated over $5 billion in incremental revenue (about 45 tons of precious puppies, about 400 million yuan, nearly 500 tons of puppies, around 800 million yuan, and about 570 tons of 100 ml per day in 53 degrees, and about $500 million in revenue), followed by the i-potine product.
While the company’s marketing reform dividend continues to be released, its fundamentals continue to improve, and long-line values are particularly prominent, increasing the endogenous growth momentum and raising overall profit margins. On product structure upgrades, the kowtow wine raises the price and gross price by increasing the non-supplier investment.
In terms of interest rates, the series of liquors, which have been on the market since the beginning of the year, sales have increased steadily and are expected to contribute significantly to the series’s performance; in the framework of the direct-account system, companies have increased their share of direct sales by increasing the supply of their own shops, reaching the line, etc.; and, with the regularization of their products, the performance is expected to increase gradually. At the end of the year, at the end of the year, and at the end of the year, at the end of the year, the company’s mission, we expect that the target will be met.
In the future, multiple factors, such as adequate production capacity plus product structure optimization plus marketing channels, guarantee firm and sustained growth in the company’s performance. The investment proposal is that the current valuation has a strong value for money, continues to be strongly recommended, and maintains a “buy-in” rating, underpinned by a continuous upturn in external consumption and a continuing trend in high-end alcohol, as well as by the steady advancement of new internal management and market-oriented reforms.
We believe that the company’s long-term performance growth and certainty remain strong. We expect the company’s net profit return for 2022-2024 to be the risk of macroeconomic volatility, the risk of large-scale recurrences of the epidemic, and the demand for high-end alcohol less than expected.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.