On August 04, 2022H1 of 2022, sales reform continues.
2022H1 was on target: in the first half of the year, the company earned 57.620 billion yuan, compared to 17.4 per cent, and in the first half of the year, 29.790 billion yuan, compared to 20.8 per cent, and the overall performance was consistent with our previous expectations, of which 2,532 million yuan, compared to 16.1 per cent, and 12.25 billion yuan, corresponding to 17.3 per cent, were recovered from the epidemic in the country.
In response, the company is operating with a strong growth profile. Direct and non-standard levels continue, and the income structure is excellent: separate products, company 2022H1 tavern/synchronous \triangleright \triangleright
Liquor revenue is divided by 499.7.76.60 billion, of which q2 is divided by 16.3 per cent and 25.4 per cent, and q2 has been marketed since 31 March, with a contribution of $4.42 billion (non-taxed), representing 17.5 per cent of the q2 single-season liquor camp, bringing the share of q2 direct sales to the same level as +18.1 pct to 39.8 per cent.
New products such as Xiao Mau, Precious Mau, Mau, and 100 ml have also shown strong market sales at the end of the year. We have decided that a significant increase in the company’s share of direct activity over the period, as well as the volume of sales and sales of non-standard products, are the main contribution to the growing prices of the series of mediums and alcohol products in the period under review, and that future sales structures are expected to continue to improve.
The profit rate remained steady: 2022h1 Māori rates were +0.7 pct to 92.1 per cent, of which q2 seasons were the same as sales rates, management fees were +0.8 pct to 6.3 per cent, and development fees were +0.1 pct to many sales reforms were promising: the company had multiple reforms since its new leadership took office in August 2021.
In a series of surprises: 1) on the product, the company has launched a new set of super-high-end, poo-top 1935 to take over the high-flying demand from the Yutai wine factory in Guizhou, China, with a 1,000-dollar belt, a 43-degree low-flying day and 100-m1 flying day through the i-pot.
(College) Limited liability, small drinks, etc. to meet more and more of the different scenes and so on, the whole product structure has been further refined; (ii) on the pipeline, the "i-pot" has been on the market for the first time, and digital marketing has gone beyond the accelerated development of the aid company's direct camping line, the company's market service.
And it's been extended further, and its ability to speak directly with the end is increasing significantly, 3) brand names, and companies have increased their cultural and geographic integration through the organization of provincial “Pow-paint festivals”, and have been successful in raising the cultural identity of the huts and in creating pip images such as “Poo-poo” and “Poo-poo” and so forth, and in increasing brand identity. 4) Moreover, companies have been successful in connecting.
With the introduction of the new cross-border blasted mast cream, the Bull successfully closes the distance from the young consumer group. The target is $2229.3, for the rating: as we have already stated, we believe that the company still has sufficient strength and future development in terms of its high revenue earnings, in the absence of a direct increase in core singles.
Potential, considering that the short-term prices of the company are more than sufficient to move the space, we believe that the future performance of the company is likely to lead to stability in the company's future valuations, and that the target is $2229.3, which is equivalent to 23-year profits, significant risks: 1) food security; 2) reform less effective than expected; 3) epidemic risks; 4) geopolitical risks.
First Shanghai Certificate Co. Ltd., August 2022, data source: Bloomberg Prediction, First Shanghai
Data source: Company Data, First Shanghai Forecast, First Shanghai Certificate Co. Ltd.
First Shanghai Securities Company Ltd., 71 East China Road, 19th floor of the Young-Ann Company Building.
This report is compiled by the First Shanghai Certificates Limited (“Shanghai I”) and is intended for general review by investors in institutions. No material, contents or copies of this report may be copied, extracted, quoted, altered, transferred, transferred, transferred or distributed in any way to any other person without prior written permission from the First Shanghai.
The report and any data, materials, and content do not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation, risk tolerance, or any particular need of an individual investor. The Minister makes his own investment decisions, taking into account his own investment objectives, risk assessment, financial and tax considerations.
The information and opinions contained in this report are obtained or derived from sources considered reliable by the First Shanghai, but there is no explicit or implied statement or guarantee of fairness, accuracy, completeness or accuracy of the predictions, opinions or expectations contained in this report. Neither Shanghai I nor its respective directors, supervisors, employees, employees or agents are held liable for using the report or its contents or for any loss or loss associated with it.
The first Shanghai, or one or more of its affiliates, may or have published inconsistent or different reports or ideas about the information, comments, or investment strategies contained in this report. Information, opinions, and estimates are provided on a “current” basis, without any form of assurance, and may be changed at any time, with no further notice.
In addition, Shanghai I is not a United States investment advisory law (hereinafter referred to as the Investment Counseling Act, the Investment Counseling Act, and the Securities Act of 1934, or other related United States state government laws). In the absence of a special exemption from the law, any financial and investment consulting services provided by Shanghai I, including (but not limited to) what is stated in this file, are not intended to be made available to Americans.
This report is not intended to be distributed or used by any person or unit in the country or jurisdiction.
Keep all rights.