:: Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) on the night of 2 August.
The overall performance of Maotai in Guizhou is in line with expectations, and the public sector’s performance is a matter of focus until the market volatility environment continues to stabilize. Corporate prices compare with the trend of 300 deep.
• Strong income growth, with a sustained and significant increase in the share of direct sales. Sub-products show that Mao-Bhai earned $4,996 million, or $21,105 million, respectively, compared with +16.3 per cent/+15.0 per cent, and a series of 22H1/q2 earned $7,598 million, or 41,70, respectively.
2 fewer at the end of the quarter and 104 more at the same time as foreign distributors.
Parity, management cost rate of 6.11 per cent, a decrease of 0.76 pct in the same year, mainly due to the fact that the increase in management costs was not as rapid as the increase in income, with 12.12 per cent less in the same year and in the second quarter alone. Net interest rate on corporate returns was 50.12 per cent, an increase of 1.51 pct over the same period last year.
Controls continue to be optimized and profitability is increasing. • Good sales returns, high incentives for channel lending, net cash flows from company operations in the first half of the year - $11 million, a significant decrease in the same year, mainly in the public sector
The net increase in the current customer deposits and co-repository deposits and deposits of the Department-controlled subsidiary, Kuotai Group Finance Ltd., as well as the net increase in deposits of central banks and co-ops.
Since the "i-pot" came online, the market has been popular, with more than 20 million registered users and more than 4 million people living and more than 5.6 billion in sales. According to recent data from the "i-pot" app, the current booking series has been put in about 20,000 bottles.
The average daily sales is more than 40 million, 500 ml is more than 65%, and the collection is stable, and the build-up and non-marking can sustain the company's income and profits. In addition, the platform continues to lose its value, enhances brand education and strengthens it through activities such as Discovery Maotai.
Cultural moats, on the other hand, build smart investment models, upgrade digital management capabilities, and continue to accelerate in the area of channel precision control. In terms of product structure, companies have recreated the price matrix from large monoliths and unmarked price increases.
It was a big one, with nearly 900 million sales on its own platform for 100 days; the 100ml skyscrapers were priced more than in the same series, and 1.2 million bottles were dropped over 100 days, adding up to the price increases of the non-bills at the beginning of the year, the series of wines, and it is expected that the company will continue to increase its profits throughout the year.
(a) The high-end white wine demand is resilient and the company operates robustly, taking into account that the company's 2022 business plan is (2) less than anticipated through a process of reform;
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.