Food beverages in Maotai, Guizhou (600519), strong growth and resilience, deepening the reform of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Events: The company issued a major business data bulletin for the first half of 2022, and the 22h1 company is expected to continue to optimize its channel structure by operating on a two-wheel-drive basis. The revenue from 12, 22q2 khats is around $21 billion, an increase of about 14.6 per cent over the same year, the price of the kowtows is expected to rise well, and the ton price increase is expected to benefit mainly from the product
The increase in the share of non-barrelled alcohol and direct distribution channels; single q2 series alcohol revenues of around $4.07 billion, or 19.2 per cent more than in the same year, are expected to contribute to the full increase in the total volume of Maotai 1935, while the series of alcohol under the negative impact of the epidemic continues to grow in high quality.
In the ideal operation of the i-kup, 22q2 direct sales are expected to be higher than they are, to promote more optimized channel structures, and to strengthen the capacity of companies to manage their prices.
In addition, the company has launched a heavy weight of 1935 new kiosks, and a thousand-dollar band has been placed close to the consumer to carry on effectively.
(a) The demand overflowed from the Tien Mau station and the placement of 100 ml vials in “i-potaby” to make the product matrix more complete;
At the annual shareholders meeting, the new chairman of the board of directors at the annual stockholders meeting explained the poo strategy and proposed new thinking on the “Five more, Five more” to make clear that there is no room for discussion.
In order to maintain the quality and speed of development and to create world-class listed enterprises, it is clear that management has a clear strategic approach and a keenly advanced development: two, year-round, the company has managed well in the first half of the year to achieve half-time, half-task, 15 percent of the year's income growth target, and has benefited from the "i-pot."
The company advocates “American times, American life”, adheres to the “Five Lines of Development” and “Five Lines of Marketing Act”, and the time has come to embark on reform, with the current product matrix with a lot of flowering, market-oriented reforms showing remarkable results, medium- and long-term expansion of productive capacity, with clear expectations and long-term growth.
The movement continues to fall, looking forward to accelerated growth throughout the year, maintaining the "buy-in" rating.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.