On-line self-employment channels are beginning to show results, and direct income growth - Mid-Year Review 2022, Guizhou (600519) Growth in alcohol and profit rates are steadily increasing.
There has been a higher growth in both sectors, with 22h1 khat earning 49,965 million yuan, an increase of 16.3 per cent over the same period, and q2 khat/saloons earning +15.0 per cent/+22.0 per cent over the same period.
13.2%, and the revenue from the series increased by 0.8 pct over the same period last year. The new products were introduced and the revenue increased, with the new "preciouss" and tiger year-long wines on the market in late last year and early this year, leading to higher prices for the puppies. In May, the company launched a 100-ml-sized flying platform to lower the purchase threshold.
In the liquor series, a single series of wines, "Main House" 1935, was launched in January this year. The retail guide price was explored to the $1,000 price belt, laying the foundation for a high growth rate in the first half of the series. 22h1 Māori increased by 0.73 pcs, sales/research and development/management/financial fees.
Channel reform has made a remarkable difference, with a single-season revenue of up to 10 billion dollars (youy+0.6 pcts). Channel reform has done well, with the development of online self-employed channels beginning to bear fruit.
The net profit rate returns to double digits, while the distribution system continues to be optimized / Wholesale agent revenue is RMB 209.536.61 billion, direct sales revenue increases by 6.1 pcts on a year-on-year basis.
In the first half of the year, there were five fewer domestic distributors, all of them wine dealers. In the first half of the year, the company collected $6.160 billion in sales, an increase of 21.7 per cent over the same period, with a target for advance payments at the end of the reporting period (contractual liabilities + other current liabilities).
The number of registered users of the official marketing number app “i hut” has exceeded 20 million households and 4 million households live daily, and the platform achieved a non-taxable income of $4.42 billion for alcohol during the reporting period, representing more than one fifth of the direct sales income.
The income growth target is about the approximate rate, and the deep moat is the firm's strength.
We maintain the previous profit projections, and the company ' s net return profits for 2022-2024 are expected to be risk factors: macroeconomic downside risks, direct sales less than expected, recurrent risk of the epidemic.