In the first half of the year, the new supply and the new demand have continued to break through, increasing the visibility of the market. In the first half of the year, the income was 49,965 million yuan and 7598 million yuan, compared to 16.34 per cent/+25.38 per cent, and the share of alcohol in the series has risen.
+120.42 /- 7.32 +120.42 / - 7.32 +120. i Mautai achieved tax-free alcohol revenue of $4.416 billion, direct sales share of 10.76 per cent, distribution income of 10.76 per cent, sales income of three consecutive quarters, marketing reforms of significant effect, direct sales share of equal value, driven by a combination of super-high-end, series of brand new wines and direct sales outlets, top half
The annual Māori rate rose by 0.73 ptt to 92.11%, with 22q2 Māori increasing by the same time.
Taxes and surcharges have increased significantly, by 2.94 pct to 17.28%. In brand culture, companies have also increased their cost inputs, carried out gas-saving activities, disseminated such wonderful feelings as home, friends, and joy, and successfully organized the Powder Festival in the provinces and districts, resulting in the sale of 22q2
Guozhou Mao Dai (600519): The marketing division values brand culture. In the second quarter, management costs are 1.9 pct less than in the same year.
Guizhou Maotai (600519): More performance is achieved by expanding cultural influence and creating new demand based on the quality of mahogany. From production \triangleright
On the condition that the company ' s 15.03 km2 core production area is not fully exploited, the ecological environment still has production capacity restrictions on the pow-barrel, and this year, the company has introduced 2% of the pow-barrel content by increasing the number of pow-barrel products in the pow-barrel product by increasing the amount of pow-barrelled wine available to more consumer groups.
Maurce ice cream, high-value products using higher-priced non-priced products, and a new supply and application are now being prepared for higher returns. And the sale of mashed ice cream and the operation of i-potaform platforms are also being run by Sinda Securities Inc.
A group of young consumers who have not yet been exposed to the mahogany have been attracted and trained to become potential consumers to create new consumption demand.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City, profit forecasting and investment rating: a high-quality growth in company performance in the first half of the year, not only a stable series of wines \triangleright
Contribution, improved marketing structure has also been significantly accelerated, with year-round targets expected to be met above expectations. We anticipate that risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; risk of recurring epidemics \triangleright
The study focused on breaking down the industry and the shares, focusing on valuations and safety margins. Personality: walking-out food drinks research.
A solid industry study that combines stock understandings with efforts to create prices for investors has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analyses or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the CVM-resumed qualification for portfolio investment consulting.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.