The brand has been raised again, the reform has been made at a rate of about billions of dollars, and the net return to the mother is expected to be about 29.7 billion dollars, which is more than half the time, more than half the time, more than half the job, more than half the time, more than half the time, more than half the time.
The resilience of demand during the second quarter highlights the expected increase in the share of new products, new channels, and direct campers. The net profit on return in the second quarter is $26,213 and $12,455 million, respectively, with firm performance showing strong resilience and maintaining better double-digit growth.
Source: 1) This year ' s increase in the volume of inputs from huttops and above has been mainly increased in the direct/situation channels, and more structurally in favour of non-target products: 2) digital marketing platform “i-pot” q1 tested, q2 lined up to take over the sale of high-end liquor, self-employed/specialized on-line
(c) Increases in the volume of new items and mats by 1935: 4) new specifications of 100 ml for placement (converted to 500 ml caliber, 33% increase in retail instruction prices and increase in distribution plant prices)
When systemic reforms are under way: q2 digital marketing has been successful. New management can see efficient and high-quality drops in marketing systems, price systems, product system reforms.
In December, the policy of unbundling boxes was eliminated, and the prices of flying markets were settled in a reasonable manner; in January, the prizes (filling the price gap between the huts and the fine items in 15 years), and in December 1935, the huts (positioning a thousand dollars with the price of the large single item), the price increases were not priced, and the high end product matrix was improved.
At the end of March, the new digital marketing platform, i-pot, was piloted and successfully launched on 19 May. Billions, over $3 billion, over $5.6 billion, over 20 million registered users, over 4 million daily, echo heat.
This has led to a continuous increase in precision in supply and demand, an attempt to build a poo culture, a front-end service and a more rapid and direct hearing of consumer claims, thus creating an interactive closed circle for collecting consumer feedback and claims from landing events.
“i-tao” is becoming a window for poo culture and branding. In addition, the success of “; poo-tao” as a breakthrough in new channels has led to marketing.
The key steps in the reform of the system. The online of the new specifications, with the least miscalculation costs and the most rapid consumer feedback, will also provide data support for the scientific market decisions needed to roll out more new items.
During the 14th Five-Year Period, with the stripping of alcohol, the Maotai Group reached the world ' s 500-strong goal of 93.5% a year, and as the best asset and brand under the banner of the group, the stock company is expected to assume more task indicators and more complex growth than the group.
Given the efficiency of corporate growth this year, the future growth point of the company will continue to benefit from the dividends of the reform, in addition to the increase in the volume of investment. 1) It is expected that in the future, the product system will be reformed, with prices ranging from 100 to 500 and a series of lows and liquors to match the price of the product, clarity of the city, clarity of the price of the product.
The gradient is a reasonable brand structure, while new products contribute more. From the resonance of the two new products this year, strong brand power + sound science + strict channel management + market marketing ensure that new products are marketed successfully, and the channel feedback is more stable and reasonable.)i
Another important position is to become an integrated and synergistic of the many channels that exist in the future. We believe that, as technology upgrades, platform efficiency increases further, the impact expands, there is a more diversified way to achieve an increase in the ton price of the plant, and at the same time to reach a "sweeper."
The two dimensions of the epidemic have been repeated; the market has not been sold as expected; and the production capacity has not expanded as expected.