In the first half of the year, the company performed well, and in March, the bottom-run “i-pot” was launched on 19 May.
As of the beginning of July, the number of registered users in i-Poo station is over 19 million, and the number of bookings per day is over 2.8 million, and the number of subscribers per day is nearly 4 million.
In addition, the poo ice cream is in deep contact with young consumers and is gradually moving to heavy-point cities, where ice cream flags are now in nine cities in seven provinces.
Since the establishment of the “five-line” development path, the company has basically built up a high-quality “four-line” pillar, and the “five-line” has gradually become clear in practice.
On the price side, the price is back on the market, the prices are expected to continue to shrink, and we expect the price to be raised at least once during the 1455s. On the product side, we believe that the company will continue to adjust the non-target product.
The product structure will continue to be optimized. In terms of channel restructuring, the future distributor quota will remain unchanged, and the company will focus on the report of the High State Poo-Tai event evaluation: five lines of thought.
Direct channels (including self-employment, power suppliers, supermarkets, business groups, etc.)
Performance exceeded expectations and the direct camp ratio continued to rise. 2022-04- " Report of the High State Maur (600519) incident evaluation: 2021 macroeconomic downside risks, epidemic consumption drags, output expands short of expectations, straight. "
The report of the incident evaluation in Maotai, Guizhou (600519): opening as scheduled, accelerating the pace of the reform exercise, the growth of the battalion 2022-03-29 is not as high as expected, the reform process is not as high as expected, and the prices are fast-tracked.
Report on the Assessment of the Incidents in Maotai, Guizhou (600519), 2021. Study on the Dynamics of Maotai, Guizhou (600519): A Steady Way, Accelerating Change, On the Way. 2021-12-24
Sunshan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, comprehensive coverage of food and beverage industry, clustering, in-depth study of white wine industry, etc.
Short-term potential shares; thinking about white wine plates, with deep market-based thinking and insight into Soo's wine. What's the word: Shandong University, Bachelor of Law, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, has a double master of law and economics that reflects my research?
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is used only by customers of Chinese securities.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.