The stock structure is bright, and the year-round target is expected to be achieved. Events: On 2 August, the company published its semi-annual report for 2022, during which it achieved a sharp increase in business volume and a good performance in the first half of the year.
During the second quarter alone, the growth rate of Mautai and herds was 14.97%/22.03%, with double-digit growth, with income growth mainly due to increased sales.
The high-end white wine matrix was expanded by Mao Dao, the high-end white wine matrix, and the low 1935 was filled with a thousand-dollar gap belt, driven by product structure upgrades, while the 100ml fly to the top of the sky directly raised the original 2.99/ml unit price by $3.99/ml.
At the same time, on the margins, the price of the puppies has gradually stabilized, and the bulk of the bottles and boxes are worth about $2,800 and $3,200, respectively. In the third quarter, as the epidemic subsides and spreads, there is still room for rising prices, expected sales, and power.
Reforms have deepened, and performance growth has gradually increased. From a product point of view, the share of income received by Mao Chai and the series has increased for the second consecutive year: 87%, 13%, and the share of the series has increased for the second consecutive year. In terms of channels, direct sales and wholesale agent revenues have been $20,949 million and $36,614 million, respectively, respectively.
19% went up to 36%. Of these, the biggest bright spots were the "i-pow" digital marketing platform, with thousands of people living on over 4 million a day, and since it came online, it has been achieved without tax revenues of $4,416 billion, or 21% of the direct camp, and will become a base camp.
At the heart of the department, it makes it possible to reach consumers, achieve a better balance of prices, and enhance synergies between channels. From a brand perspective, the Ministry has invested in the development of ip images such as "Punks" and the development of derivatives such as "Purce ice cream" to rejuvenate and diversify.
In the future, the management's Five-Four Marketing Act will continue.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s Māori rate was 92.11 per cent, mainly affected by higher prices and sales, and higher sales rates compared to higher sales rates.
By the end of the second quarter, the contractual liability was 1.7 million tons of alcohol, an increase of 12.43 per cent and 36 per cent, respectively, over the previous year, and the production and distribution of alcohol, a supply of alcohol, etc., continued to expand investment and increase the supply of products.
Category, level definition: The report accurately and objectively reflects the author’s own research view, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by a third party.
The study methodology used in this report is qualitative and quantitative, the information on which this report is based, etc.) The conclusions and findings of the study represent only the views expressed prior to the issuance of the report and have limitations.Accuracy and completeness, so that securities are not left to the detriment of the loss resulting from the use of the information contained in this report.