In the first half of 2022, the company announced that it was expected to achieve gross operating income of around 59.4 billion yuan, and that growth from the same year was continuing, with a series of wines still bright. In the first half of the year, Maotai earned about 49.9 billion yuan.
About 16.2% over the previous year, about $7.5 billion over the same year, about 23.8% over the same year, 14.6% over the same period, about $4.1 billion over the same period, and +19.17% over the same period. The second quarter has remained stable, reflecting a relatively strong risk-resilient capacity in Maotai.
Over the past two quarters, the company has used Mother's Day, \triangleright Father's Day as an opportunity to carry 43 degrees of flying space, focusing on home and affection, and passing on warmth.
After the festival, the company launched the Qiyang, Wuhan, and Nanning Year's Liquor Festival, with the theme “To the culture” as the inner core, highlighting the poo branding effect. During a year-long production cycle, key nodes such as curing, throwing, etc. are closely linked to the 24 knots, so that the 24 knots are made of gin.
Starting in Lixia, the company has carried out a combination of cultural and eco-philosophies in each gas-conservation, focusing on a core single item. As can be seen, under intensive activities, Maotai is accelerating its brand culture output, emphasizing its pursuit of “Americanism.”
I-Pop users are active, and they're surprised to sell the data online.
19 million households, with almost 2 million active users per day, accumulated sales of 1,232 tons of alcohol products, yielding $4.6 billion at an average ton price of $3.73 million, corresponding to a single bottle price of $1758, of which a major share of the revenue is derived from the coloured syrup and the tiger's year-round wine.
$12 billion. As an entry point for marketing reform, i-Poo has achieved direct corporate contact with end-users in Guizhou (600519); in the name of the United States, coverage is now complete throughout the country, and we expect the company to further promote the camp in the future.
Guozhou Maotai (600519). Multi-point performance Profit forecasting and investment rating: After the liquor is removed from the Maotai group, the stock company will take on a much larger and longer mission to meet the 14th and 5th Group goal of 200 billion dollars.
Guizhou Maotai (600519): Direct marketing of innovation, but companies have achieved faster growth this year through structural adjustment, non-price increases and the introduction of new products, and have responded to the volatility of the macro-environment, showing the strength of the industry.
Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty: risk of recurring epidemics
In Shenzhen, it was planned for a study by the National Land Commission (NSF) on the valuation of real estate tax bases, focusing on macros and ground.
Production, taxation, etc. In 2015, I entered the country with a sales + research experience, focusing on the industry and its shareholdings, with in-depth research and follow-up on such sections as white wine, recreational foods, spices, frozen foods, etc., and with emphasis on valuation and inclusive thinking.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.