In mid-2023, the company reported a steady increase in the size of its revenues, which was better than the increase in its net return to the mother.
With 0.8 per cent growth in the same year, the net profits of the company have not increased at the same rate as the growth rate, mainly due to: 1) the continued decline in the weight of the Māori rate 13,839.09 million square metres, an increase of 5.8 per cent in the same year, with sales contracts of $23,682.1 billion, an increase of 87 per cent compared with the 38 core cities in the top layout, an increase of 8 pct in the same year; and sales of more than 10 billion cities.
In the first half of the year, companies ranked among the first three of the 25 cities in the first three. The effects of deep farming in the corporate sector continued to be evident. The first half of the year saw long triangular sales of 77.7 billion dollars and the second half of the year in the Bay of Australasia region of Hong Kong.
With a sustained decline, the industry is expected to recover steadily, and companies are expected to benefit from a recovery in market size and higher rates of market participation, thanks to their deep-farming advantage in the first and second-tier cities.
Actively replenished land resources with 41 expansion projects with a total land value of RMB 70.9 billion, an increase of 17 per cent over the same period; volume ratio of 3.85 million square metres, a decrease of 7 per cent over the same period, with an expansion cost of RMB 1841.558 per square dollar, which is higher than during the same period last year; land resources are abundant and storage structures are better.
Finance: the cost of financing is further reduced, and capital is expected to increase. The company’s three red lines remain green, with less than $12.5 billion for 14 projects such as the Pauli Sea, Guangzhou, and supplementary liquidity of $1.5 billion.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has agreed to register and approve approvals, with a view to increasing the volume of operations and improving the competitiveness of the market once the issue is successful. 2) Optimizing the balance sheet. We expect further room to be released for companies under the condition that the cash short debt of the company after the increase is fixed compared to regulatory requirements such as breaking the “triple red line”. 3)
Financial resources, easing the pressure on cash demand from business growth. Quantities forecast and investment rating: companies maintained a pace of land acquisition in the first half of 2023, adding new and expanding plots in cities such as Guangzhou, Shanghai, Nanjing, Fatty, Xiamen, Chengdu, etc., and are expected to benefit from future distribution of supply end-sides
Risk factors: Real estate regulation policies are tightened or relaxed as expected.
I've got a steady increase in the size of 1st Battalion, which is better than the net profit from the upturn than the return to the mother.
Billion dollars, an increase of 23.71 per cent in the same year, and steady growth in the size of the collection, mainly due to the accelerated pace of the firm’s closing, the lower rate of profit delivery in the first half of the year, and the higher rate of profit growth in the first half of the year, mainly due to: 1) the continuous decline in the weight of the Maori rate by 4.26 pct: the impact of the settlement cycle, 27.33 per cent, and the increase in management costs by 3.05 per cent over the same period in the first half of the year.
The size of the company is expected to grow steadily, with an area of 5,886,000 flats and a wealth of resources to be settled. As the company had previously acquired low-cost and low-profit plots that had been phased out, the company had been able to expand steadily since the second half of 2021 in the face of a cold land market and a smooth improvement in the profits of the plots, and the better-earned plots were expected to be adjusted through the settlement cycle.
2 Sales: In the firm industry, the city’s share continues to rise, and the effects of deep farming in the region continue to be highlighted, with a growing competitive advantage. Companies continue to take advantage of deep farming in cities, with the company’s emphasis on marketing in 38 core cities accounting for 87% of sales.
The accumulated sales amounted to $112.3 billion, an increase of 21 per cent over the same period; in the first half of the year, companies ranked first in 25 cities, three more cities, and 46 more cities, three more than in the previous year, the same as in the same period last year. The effects of deep farming in the corporate region continued to be evident, with long triangular sales of $77.7 billion in the first half of the year and sales in the Bay of Australasia region of Hong Kong amounting to $57 billion.
The higher share of sales in the city line and in the core of 38 cities, where the edge of deep-farming highlights the strength of the company ' s delivery and brand excellence, is expected to recover steadily as policies continue to fall in the second half of the year, and companies are expected to benefit from the recovery of markets, further growth in sales size and rising city occupancy rates, thanks to the advantages of deep-farming in the first and second-tier cities.
3 Grounds: Active earth storage, good profitability of new projects, active land storage, and a modest increase in land capacity. In the first half of the year, companies seized market opportunities and actively replenished land resources, reaching a total of 41 projects with a total land value of RMB 70.9 billion, an increase of 17 per cent compared to the previous year; the volume rate was 3.85 million square metres.
In the first half of 2023, in 38 central cities, the overall price of land and the area area of expansion were expanded separately.
For 99 per cent and 95 per cent, 9 pct and 21 pct were higher than in the same period last year; there was a constant focus on residential products, with a value of 37.5 per cent of the total land value of the housing stock, 30.12 billion yuan in the second-line cities of Nanjing, Chengdu and Xiamen, with 42.5 per cent of the total amount and a higher share of the second-line urban growth; in the first half of the year, the company was in Beijing in the first half of the year.
These core areas are expected to take the lead in the recovery of prices during the market temperature process, leading to further increases in the company’s degradation and profitability levels. 588556 million squares of land are to be developed in the company’s interior, with nearly 60% of the city’s second-line cities being rich in land resources and soil.
4 Finance: the cost of financing has further declined, with an expected increase in capital strength. Three red lines have remained green, and the cost of financing has fallen further. The balance of corporate money has stood at $148.86 billion, at a reasonable level of about 10 per cent of total assets. Interest-bearing liabilities of $356.4 billion, a reduction of $25 billion compared to the beginning of the period.
Following the opening of equity financing, in late December 2022, the company announced a publicly released equity plan to raise more than $12.5 billion for 14 projects such as the Guangzhou Pauli Leadership Sea and replenishment of liquidity of $1.5 billion. The company has now received approval for registration by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board. This replenishment is expected to have multiple implications for the company: 1)
The 14 projects for which funds were raised were expected to bring financial support to companies for city projects, which are expected to guarantee the company’s high-quality value and enhance its business competitiveness. 2) Better balance sheets, faster scale expansion. With the successful launch of the plan, it is expected that the firm’s capital structure will be improved and higher net capital will increase.
Reduction of 0.8 pct in the asset liability rate, net of pre-collected funds, to release space for the Department without breaking regulatory requirements such as the three red lines. 3) Replenishing liquidity and alleviating the pressure on cash demand from business growth. As corporate business continues to grow, corporate outreach will grow further, and cash inflows into corporate finance activities will increase once they are completed.
It is expected to increase, reducing financial pressure on corporate growth, and generating financial support for investment uplifting. At the same time, the parent company, China’s Poly Group, has entered into a conditioned share-purchase agreement with the company, and the group intends to purchase the company’s undisclosed shares in cash not less than RMB 100 million and not more than RMB 1 billion.
In 2023, the company maintained a pace of land acquisition, adding new areas to the cities of Guangzhou, Shanghai, Nanjing, Xiamen, Chengdu, and on the one hand, maintaining a better heat in high-energy urban markets, maintaining a relatively better decomposition and flow rate, and securing company sales.
The stability of sales, on the other hand, and the company’s high value in these core cities, is expected to benefit in the future from supply-end differentiation to achieve sales Policy risks: real-estate regulation policies are tightened or relaxed less than expected. Business risks: corporate real-estate sales are less than expected.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business that the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.