China Railway Construction Corporation-A [601186.CH]
Initiate coverage: top pick, strong balance sheet to support PPP business growth
The construction sector regained market traction, led by 1) better-than-expected PPP review re-
sults and 2) the sector's strong Q1 2018 growth. As we highlighted in our previous report, central
China construction sector
SOEs should face no downside risk in infrastructure investment, benefitting from rising PPP invest-
ment and overseas expansion. CRCC-A secured fast earnings growth by increasing its exposure to
PPP investment in Q1 2018, which exceeded market expectations. We initiate our coverage on
BUY
CRCC-A with a BUY rating and target price (TP) of RMB12.50. CRCC-A is our top pick in the A-
share construction sector. We expect its earnings to grow at around 14% p.a. in 2018-2019E. As
CRCC-A is less geared than its peers, we think it will enjoy faster earnings growth via increasing its
Close: Rmb9.87 (May 11, 2018)
takes in PPP investment. Our TP of RMB12.50 is based on our CRCC-H share valuation and the A/
H premium (discount) assumption (Fig 5). The only downside risk to its earnings and TP is likely
Target Price: Rmb12.50(+26.6%)
from the Company's conservative approach in pursuing PPPs and overseas business expansion.
Investment Highlights
Fast earnings growth secured by increasing exposure to PPP investment: With the slow-
Price Performance
down in railway investment, CRCC-A secured earnings growth by increasing its exposure to
PPP investment. CRCC-A reported earnings growth of 14.7% YoY in 2017 and 18.9% YoY in
Q1 2018. The earnings growth was above market expectations, as the market was concerned
about a slowdown in PPP investment during the project review period. The government's
scrutiny of PPP projects ended in March. The results showed that the concern was overblown.
A total 1,160 projects worth RMB1.2trn were removed from the PPP database. But 614 new
projects worth RMB13trn were added to the database, indicating a net increase in PPP invest-
ment. With tougher regulations, CRCC-A should be able to pick good-quality PPP projects to
sustain its earnings growth in the next 2-3 years.
Margin expansion due to improving revenue mix: CRCC-A has been conservative in its
PPP business expansion. PPP investment-related revenue accounted for only c10% of its
total revenue in 2017. Its overseas business accounted for only around 5% of its total reve-
nue. So its increasing exposure to PPP investment and overseas business drove a significant
margin improvement for the Company. PPP projects offer higher margins than its traditional
railway projects. We expect CRCC-A's margin expansion to continue in 2018-2019E. We
forecast that its gross profit margin will expand from 9.2% in 2017 to 9.4-9.7% in 2018-2019.
Strong balance sheet supports its PPP business expansion: CRCC-A has the lowest net
gearing ratio of its peers. As at the end of 2017, its net debt/equity ratio was only 7.3% vs.
64.2% for CCC and 33.8% for CRG. Its healthy balance sheet allows CRCC-A to further in-
crease its stake in PPP investment. Under the deleveraging environment, this gives the Com-
pany the competitive strength to gain market share from its peers.
Sources: Company data, Bloomberg
BUY with a TP of RMB11.80: We set our TP at RMB12.50. Our TP is based on our CRCC-H
share valuation and the historical CRCC A/H premium (discount) (Fig 5).
Kelly Zou—Analyst
2018E
2019E
Turnover (RMB m)
600,539
629,327
742,710
795,861
680,981
Recurring net profit (RMB m)
12,645
14,000
16,057
18,349
20,922
Wong Chi Man, CFA—Head of Research
2.2%
2.6%
Net margin (%)
2.1%
2.4%
2.5%
Recurring EPS (RMB)
% change
3.4%
3.7%
13.8%
14.5%
14.2%
PER(x)
PBR(x)
EV/EBITDA(x)
Source: Company data, CGIS Research
Key financials
CRCC (601186 CH)
P&L statement
Source: Company data, CGIS Research
Source: Company data, CGIS Research
Key financials
CRCC (601186 CH)
Balance sheet, cash flow statements and ratios
(RMB m, except for per share amount)
Source: Company data, CGIS Research
Source: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Source: CGIS Research
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CGIS Research
Source: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Source: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any
jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China
Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing
requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly
or implied) is made as to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past perfor-
mance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regard-
ing future performance. The recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where
necessary consult their own independent financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this
report, such views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings
Limited and any of its subsidiaries ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy Interna-
tional and/or the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report
and its attachment/s and/or any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy
International.
China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies) the securities in respect of which are reviewed in this
report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or more than 1 % of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) men-
tioned in this report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transac-
tions with the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a
position or holding, or other material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
China Galaxy International may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in
issues of, any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or invest-
ment services in relation to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
Furthermore, China Galaxy International may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this
report within the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered
in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or
her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and
Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of
this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies cov-
ered in this report.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
BUY
: share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
SELL
: share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
HOLD
; no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co.,
Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.