The Great Wealth Management Program (600036.sh) is still on track. The Great Wealth Management Model is based on the Grand Constellation, the Large Platform and the Great Ecology.
The model is supported by three pillars: first, a continuous flow of mau-led lines; second, the accumulation of high net customers based on client hierarchies; and third, high net customers with not only personal needs, but also household needs.
The ratio of loans to the public line is higher than the retail line and the share of retail loans is stable year by year. By 1h22, corporate loans accounted for 38.8%, retail loans 52.1%.
Relieving co-enterprises has increased, business loans/arguments/retail loans/housing loans/minority loans/letter strikes, 1h22 retail loans have fallen short of expectations, and strategic retail loans continue to be a priority. Wealth management income is the dominant source of revenue. 1h22 fees and commissions amounting to 57.614 billion yuan.
This represents an increase of 28.7 per cent. Of this amount, revenue from wealth management fees was $18.873 billion, a decrease of 8.13 per cent, mainly due to higher demand for risk avoidance by clients, lower equity asset allocation, and the company’s initiative to reduce agency trust operations. The revenue from management fees was $6.339 billion, an increase of the same year.
32.8 per cent, driven mainly by the growth in the size of the asset management of subsidiaries; poor rates are marginal, but housing-related assets are less exposed to credit risk. As at 1h22, the rate of recruitment was 0.95 per cent, an increase of 0.04 percentage points compared to the end of last year, with a rise of 0.01 percentage points.
The market for real estate continued to focus on retail credit, creating a model of large wealth management, which will continue to occupy the front of the track. The net return profit is expected to be 13.737 per cent in 2022-2024, respectively.
Macroeconomic over-expected contraction, domestic epidemics, and loan quality are expected to deteriorate.1 From retail to large wealth management, retail transformation is a starting point for change, but large wealth management must not be the end point.
Boundaries, active slow-downs, retail transitions, secondary transformations, the formation of a financial technology bank, the designation of mau as the operating North Star, the introduction of a large eco-economy of wealth management, and the continuous break-in of self-esteem, the maintenance of financial returns, while also providing a model for retail transformation.
1.1 The retail coronation route Bank operations that want to go beyond the limits of capital adequacy to achieve relative endogenous growth and vigorously develop retail operations are the preferred option and, at the same time, can effectively generate intermediate services and raise rorwa.
Retail re-entry and subsequent strategic adjustments are adaptive response to changes in the business environment, improving business performance at different scales (see figure 1 for more details on the strategic adjustment process):  By 1998, there is an urgent need to scale up and quickly grow into a national bank.
In 2000, after a rapid expansion, the country’s banking sector became exposed to non-performing loans, and the regulatory hierarchy began to focus on quality, crushing non-performing loans, and preferring to lose the speed of growth in order to ensure quality.
▪ In 2003, the Commercial Bank Capital Sufficiency Rate was introduced, with the banking sector seeking intensive development, zero sales transitions to strategic goals, dynamic credit cards and micro-credits, and optimized asset end-of-end structures.
The ratio continues to rise, and the end-of-debt cost is kept low.  In 2009, central banks reduced interest rates, attracting bank net interest differentials to lower roa and roe, and the second transition came about, focusing on micro-credit and capital savings.
▪ In 2015-2017, the creation of “light banks” was proposed, essentially as an effort to save capital, raise the level of governance and place greater emphasis on financial science and technology.
Mau, as the “Arctic Star” indicator for its operations, insists on “mobile priority” and establishes an open ecosystem. In 2020, it was explicitly proposed that “big wealth management” be the main “connector” for providing access to both ends of supply and demand, the economics of the service entities, and the enabling people for a better life.
▪ In 2021, the Year of Great Wealth Management opened up the main accounts of payments and the main accounts of wealth, lowering the threshold of low wealth management, creating a high value chain cycle of wealth management-asset management-investment banks, and advocating for large crowds, platforms and large ecology.
Figure 1: The path to change in the merchant banks, supported by the changes in their higher roe chart 2: a robust growth in asset size Figure 3: Personal demand deposits account for a higher share of retail deposits
Figure 4: The downside of the bad rate, with a small rebound of 1h22
A review of the development of the recruitment process reveals a general pattern of retail transition, which consists of four steps: first step: retailization of the asset end. The recruitment takes the lead in compressing public loans, starting with loans in the high-perceived industry, and retail loans such as credit cards, consumer loans, etc. As retail lending increases, the overall ratio of retail loans increases.
The second step: retailization of the end of the debt. As retail lending grows, retail customers grow in size.
Growing sticky can lead to retail deposits, an increase in the share of personal deposits, especially personal demand deposits, in the group of liabilities, a lower deposit cost than other types of liabilities, and a decrease in the combined bank’s liability cost. But the process of increasing customer sticky requires banks to improve their customer management capacity and service awareness.
For example, banks in rich countries are used to distinguish between private bank customers (10 million), golden sunflower customers (500,000), gold card customers (50,000), ordinary customers, looking at needs, and providing targeted services. In addition, information about daily preferential activities in life is available. Flags are used differently for teachers, firefighters, etc.
This moment of light is the growth of private banks, symbolizing the recruitment of bloodfighters in retail transitions, and the killing of heavyweights. Clients’ assets meet the law of 28, and private banks are a gathering place for rich people.
Third step: diversification of middle-level operations. If banks can provide high-quality products and services on a continuous basis, the customer's trust in the product translates into trust in the company, and the bank's business becomes management of the customer relationship.
As far as recruitment is concerned, wealth management is one of the pillars, and middle-income income escapes the heavy reliance on income from bank cards. Step four: dynamic financial technology.
Source development of financial science and technology, energy efficiency in retail services, poor regulation, asset management, etc., to enhance household experience and enter a virtuous circle.
As a result of the improvements in public loans, particularly in the banking sector, there are high-quality services that increase customer stickyness.
The concentration of high-value clients will facilitate the shift from trust in products to wealth management business development.
The application of financial technology in turn translates into trust in the company, zero.
Increased share of retail loans, receipt of retail services, poor regulation,
Sales credit-derived retail deposits... higher degree of metalogy, higher rates of profit and lower negative rates.
Energy efficiency in asset management, etc. - entering a virtuous circle.
Summing up: Deep Farming Retail focuses on the switch between two service models. Retailing is the shift from a product model to a customer relationship management model. First, the product model is a product model that generates revenue from the sale of products to its customers, emphasizing the product itself, and needs to respond to rapidly changing markets.
Second, the customer relationship management model is to charge clients a consulting fee and a management fee for customized and platformed products and services. This model requires neutral advice to clients, giving them confidence in brands, with the emphasis on maintaining good customer relations.
These achievements are followed by further recruitment, building on an open and integrated organizational culture, a large wealth management model, and attempting to spread the value of the Wealth Management-Asset Management-Investment-Investment Bank.
1.3 Large wealth management models: Grand Constellation + Large Platform + Large Ecology, from 2021 onward, have sought to create a large wealth management model with three main players: Grand Constellation, Large Platforms and Large Ecology.
At the retail level, there is a shift from a banking perspective to a customer service perspective, or from a customer's trust in a single product to a bank's brand. As of 1h22, retail customers account for 178 million households, of which the wealth products are stored.
At the wholesale financial level, it is built around the inner ring, the middle ring, the outer ring and its industrial chain, and the investment chain's clients. As at 1h22, the company's clients amounted to 241.01 million households with an average daily deposit.
The “big platform” in retail operations is the introduction of a “tree asset allocation system” that provides four types of cash management, security management, sound investment and investment promotion schemes, under which 7.96 million clients are deployed. Family offices and family trust management are in a multi-billion-dollar situation. Nine alumni have been introduced.
In the case of wholesale finance, the “winner-win” platform is linked to funds, bonds, insurance, etc., providing customers with 87 funds 6658 products for which 39,51.23 billion yuan in transactions have been completed, an increase of 32.86 per cent.
“Great Ecos” mainly promotes the fly-over effect between business lines, promoting the integration of debit cards and credit cards in retail as a whole, with 63.25 per cent of credit card clients in “double-cards”, an increase of 0.64 percentage points from the end of the year.
For the integration of “individual + enterprise” services, the private client coverage of the priority enterprises is 30.57%. From the customer base, to the platform, to the ecology, it is an evolutionary relationship from the traditional stream to the emerging one, covering the chain of wealth management-asset management-investment banks.
First, the two-app-led system of high-value household accumulation in the context of client hierarchies and, third, the special scheme of high-value clients, which provides the basis for public-private linkages, consists of both personal and household needs and business needs.
Figure 8: Large wealth management model: Grand Constellation + Large Platform + Large Ecos Speed up the construction of the 3.0 model, which seeks to enhance the three main capabilities of wealth management, risk management, financial science and technology, combining the professional advantages of comptoirs, private sector, science and technology, research, etc., and building integrated services.
Merchant banks use mau as a “arctic star” for their operations. The caller banks, at their request and at their hands, channel their needs to the banks and the high frequency of life scenes, respectively, and then use their products and services to realize them, each with its own focus, but with the same purpose.
The customer bank connects to the bank and contains most of the functions of the business point: first, it covers basic functions such as transactions, inquiries, and financial management; second, it carries two product matrices: finance (credit cards and loans) and finance. The basic function meets the needs of the customer, and finance and finance provides value-added services.
In addition, a number of commodities are embedded in payments and consumer loans, etc.
As of 1h22, the total number of subscribers to commercial banks was 178 million, an increase of 12.7 per cent compared with the increase of 27.2 per cent and 17.2 per cent in 2020 and 2021.
The aggregate number of users amounted to 132 million, an increase of 12.8 per cent over the same period, which was also lower than in 2020 and figure 10: a steady increase in the number of subscribers to commercial banks Figure 11: a steady increase in the number of users of hand-held applications
Three major wealth management cornerstones: client stratification with high net-value clients, with high net-value customers growing steadily. As the first bank to introduce the concept of customer stratification, the recruit divides customers into three categories: retail customers, sunflower customers (average assets of 500,000 per day), and private banks.
Clients (an average of $10 million per day) and targeted services. For example, golden sunflower clients, who have separate customer manager services and access to VIP rooms at the global airport, private bank customers, who are not exclusively senior financial managers and teams, and who also have a full range of high-end services, such as personalized medical services.
In terms of the number of clients, the number of private banks and golden sunflower customers rebounded from 2018, but the volume of retail customers grew at a low rate. 1h22 private bank customers, golden sunflower customers, retail customers in general amounted to 130,000, 4.02 million, 178 million, an increase of 16.2 per cent, 17.1 per cent and 16.1 per cent respectively.
In terms of asset size, 1h22 private bank customers, golden sunflower customers, general retail customers aum were 3649.7 billion, 95.74 billion and 117.7 billion respectively, representing an increase of 16.6 per cent, 16.4 per cent and 17.4 per cent, respectively, in terms of average asset size, private bank customers, gold sunflower customers, general retail sales, etc.
In contrast, the average assets of private banks were much higher than those of other banks at the end of 2021. In addition, the average daily asset threshold for private bankers and bankers was 10 million, the highest in the industry.
One-stop and smartness is the expectation of high-net clients. The main composition of high-net clients is the rich generation, the rich generation, the company director, and the full-time wife. The first three groups are closely linked to business, and their needs are both personal and family.
In addition, the survey showed that high-value clients’ claims for services tend to be one-stop, smart, and easy. In terms of service providers, high-value clients have a strong presence.
Multivalues create space, and the chain that connects wealth management-asset management-investment banks can provide integrated services to high net-value clients. The transition from wealth management to asset management and investment operations also requires the integration of resources for public clients.
The Bank has been working to build a platform for the sale of assets “integrators’ integration.”
This integration translates the trust of public clients in a single product into trust in a corporate brand, sticky, 5 results: from asset use to endogenous growth 5.1 asset use: retail bottom colour
The ratio of loans to the public line was higher year after year after the launch of the strategic retail transition in 2013 than the retail line, indicating that while corporate business contributed more deposits, retail loans were gradually becoming more oriented. As of 1h22, corporate loans accounted for 38.8%, retail loans 52.1% and structurally maintained.
Stable. In the first half of the year, there was only a slight increase in micro-lending and a lower increase in the rest of retail lending. The average year-on-year increase in deposits was significantly higher, corresponding to the macro-wide currency increase, which was backed by the risk avoidance of business operations and the defence of capital management in volatile capital markets.
Net interest differentials have fallen significantly, mainly because of a small drop in asset yields. Policy guidance, loan receipts have declined, but competition among partners has increased and the cost of deposits has increased slightly.
Figure 20: Disaggregation of net interest differential fluctuations
The wealth management income is dominated by the median income. 1h22 fees and commissions amount to $57,614 million, compared to the average if the equity asset allocation is reduced due to the increased demand of clients to avoid risk, and the company has taken the initiative to reduce the agency delivery volume. However, the wealth management fee is still 32.8% of the revenue, which is the middle-income driver.
The revenue from fees increased by 32.8% over the same period, mainly due to the increase in the size of assets management in subsidiaries, and a strong channel for wealth management and sales. According to the ranking of the agencies that sold fund holdings in the second quarter of 2022, published by the China Foundations Association, 70.95 billion shares and mixed public funds were recruited.
The fund-raising fund was ranked first, after an ant uniform, with $85.97 billion in size. 1h22 retail property balance amounted to $33.529 billion, a 29.7 per cent increase over the same period.
▪ acting fund income (%)  acting trust scheme income (%)  agent insurance income (%)  agent securities transaction income (%) □ agent precious metals income (%)
One of the core objectives of the retail transition is to ease capital constraints, i.e. to achieve profitable growth - retail size, net interest differentials, intermediate income, and asset quality of excellence, in the case of regular capital constraints.
Because of the complexity of the capital composition, we select core-level capital for observation purposes. Since the path to supplementing core-level capital is primarily equity (outward) and endogenous (inward), the share of net capital (surplus wealth + undistributed profits)/core-level net capital is used as an asset.
Since 2013, this share has been increasing, and by the end of 2021 it was the first industry to show good capital endogenous capacity. Figure 31: Capital adequacy is at the top of the list of listed banks
At the end of the year, the rate was 1.13%, an increase of 0.18 percentage points over the previous year.
Property-related assets are less exposed to credit risk. As at 1h22, the foreign-based housing business balance of $49,37.12 million, a decrease of 3.48% from the end of the previous year, was used to absorb credit risk.
Figure 33: Poor rates and provision coverage Figure 35: Quality of line loans stable Figure 38: Housing-related loan risk
7 Profit Forecast and Investment Proposal 7.1 Profit Forecast assumes that in 2022 we forecast a net profit of $36.637 billion for commercial banks and a return to the mother, respectively.
Net difference: The cost of attracting liabilities has remained stable, but in the context of a slight slowdown in the growth of retail loans, non-interest income: in wealth management, risk avoidance has increased, equity asset allocation has declined, zero annual income is projected, but 25 per cent and 20 per cent are expected to increase over the next two years; asset management revenue is expected to rise in the next three years
Credit cost: Microenterprise loan assets are expected to remain under pressure for quality, credit costs are maintained for the banking sector, asset quality expectations are included in relative valuations, there is no way to move away from current market pessimism or optimistic expectations when recent references are used, and no return to averages is possible when forward references are used
Time provides guidance, which leads to arbitrary results. Therefore, the present report uses two absolute valuation methods: the modified residual earnings model (ri) and the discounted dividends model (ddm). Both models assume a return on investment of 12 per cent and a constant growth rate of 3 per cent.
It is assumed that the remaining returns from investment recruitment will gradually shrink to zero over the next 15 years. ddm assumes a 10% recovery rate for phase II. In particular, the initial version of the residual earnings model is a book value price: corporate value = adjusted net assets + surplus gains discounted.
The bank ' s pb valuation was mostly greater than 1 and therefore no longer discounted on the fair value of the net assets.ddm valuations were used with a reasonable share price of $40.16/square; and the modified Ri model was used with a reasonable share to achieve a higher-than-expected contraction in macroeconomics: the higher-expected contraction in macroeconomics was not only in the form of credit acceleration and asset quality
The domestic epidemic is repeated: the epidemic will repeatedly restrict the movement and consumption of residents and slow the growth of retail loans. The quality of loans is expected to deteriorate: loans are higher than they are expected to be within three months, if they increase.