CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
SF Holding-A (002352 CH)
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Set to deliver strong earnings recovery in 2022E; U/G to BUY
BUY (Up)
Target Price:
RMB100.00
(Previous TP
RMB77.00)
Up/Downside:
+45%
HK, NR) and the intra-city business unit, SF completed the major fund-raising
Current Price:
RMB68.92
exercise in 2021. Going forward, with a focus on premium delivery service, SF is
set to become a major beneficiary given that the industry focus is moving away
China Logistics
from pricing to service quality after the government's intervention. Meanwhile,
SF's strategic shift from scale to profitability, together with the consolidation of
Wayne Fung, CFA
Kerry Logistics (636 HK, NR), will boost significant earnings recovery in 2022E.
What's more, the potential market share gain in the premium e-commerce
delivery segment will boost SF's economy express volume. We revise up our
earnings forecast in 2022E/23E by 26%/22%, and lift our TP to RMB100 (based
on 61x 2022E P/E) from RMB77 accordingly. Upgrade to BUY from Hold.
Stock Data
■ E-commerce standard express a potential growth driver. "E-commerce
standard express" is the key product of SF with a focus on the premium e-
commerce delivery segment (ASP: RMB6/parcel). At present, the daily parcel
volume of E-commerce standard express is ~7mn units which account for ~25%
Shareholding Structure
of SF's total daily volume (excluding Kerry Logistics), based on our estimates.
Given the rising demand for the improvement of delivery service, we see
potential for SF to gain market share in the premium e-commerce delivery
space. We do not rule out the possibility for SF to initiate business relationship
with the major e-commerce platform.
Wei
Source: Company data
Consolidation of Kerry Logistics. SF completed the acquisition of 51.5% of
Share Performance
Kerry Logistics interest in late Sep. With the contribution from Kerry Logistics,
SF's consolidated revenue from supply chain logistics grew 7.8x/6.4x YoY in
Oct/Nov. We see strong synergies between SF and Logistics in China supply
chain logistics market, given that the top three brands are all under SF. We
Source: Bloomberg
estimate that supply chain logistics will account for 25% of SF's consolidated
revenue in 2022E.
12-mth Price Performance
Freight segment (less-than-truck-load): Focus on profit. SF achieved
segment net profit of RMB20-30mn in 3Q21, compared with a loss of
RMB580mn in 1H21, thanks to the shift of focus from scale to profit. SF targets
to achieve profitable revenue growth of 20% in 2022E.
Major risks: (1) Decline in ASP; (2) further increase in operating cost; (3)
delay of new business development.
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: PricewaterhouseCoopers
Zhong Tian LLP
Related reports:
China Express Delivery Sector –
Strong policy measures to reshape
the competitive landscape; Upgrade
SF Holding (002352 CH, HOLD) –
Further earnings downside risk;
Wait for a better entry point – 12 Apr
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: The State Post Bureau, Company data, CMBIS
Source: The State Post Bureau, Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Valuation
We believe the sluggish share price performance since 2Q21 has already reflected the
margin pressure and weak earnings in 2021E. Our new TP of RMB100 is based on 61x
2022E P/E, 1SD above the historical average of 44x. We believe SF deserves a valuation
premium, given the strong earnings recovery in 2022E-23E. Upgrade to BUY.
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
Disclaimer
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) have investment banking relationship with the issuers covered in this report in preceding 12 months.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS does not
provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to
consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or its affiliate(s)
to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or enter into any
transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense
whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report
does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIS
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the information, advices
and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or
conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment
decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf of
its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in this
report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any
responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published
in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign
entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed
in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of
Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.