Events: In recent days, the Agricultural Bank has disclosed three-quarters reports in 2023: the previous three quarters net profit return was 4.97 per cent + 4.97 per cent Agricultural Bank (601288).
In the first three quarters, the agricultural banks increased their profits by the first half of the year, and in the first three quarters, the agricultural banks increased their yields by 1.37 to 0.54 per cent per year; in the first half of the year, the net return profit rose by 1.49 to 1.49 per cent.
By 4.97%, the company’s profits are among the highest in the listed countries.
The net interest differentials have decreased slightly and the asset-liability structure has been optimized. Agricultural banks have recorded a 1.62 per cent net interest difference in the first three quarters, down 4bp from the first half of the year. According to our calculations, this is due to a combination of lower rates of return on interest-bearing assets and higher cost of interest-bearing liabilities.
Compared to the end of q2, the ratio of loans to interest-bearing assets rose by 38 bp to the end of q3 and the ratio of loans to interest-bearing liabilities increased by 37 bp to the end of q2. The ratio of deposits to interest-bearing liabilities continued the trend of periodicization of deposits.
A slight drop of 55bp to 304.12% in the provision-covering ring is still relatively high in the State-owned major banks, with greater risk-resilient capacity and greater profit-based counter-feeding space. Capital is abundant, and operations in the district and priority areas are booming.
At the heart level, the capital adequacy rate is 10.44% and the ring ratio rises by 4bp, at a reasonable level of adequacy. Companies have accumulated high-value secondary and sustainable debt to supplement capital at all levels, laying a solid foundation for lending.
High-quality development of financial operations, end of 2023q3, total county loans, manufacturing loan balances, green credit business balances, loan balances in inclusive finance, inclusive micro-enterprise lending balances Profit projections: agricultural banks are well-established, deep-ploughed county areas and will continue to grow as county finances continue to grow in the future
The company is expected to be the lead bank for the revival of the village. We expect the company, Sinda Securitiesco., Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City, Figure 1: Collections and performances increase at the same rate, Figure 2: Cumulative performance increase at the same rate vs. Industry level as a whole
Figure 3: Analysis of the causes of the increase in performance: Figure 4: Cumulative annualized weights of roe and roa Figure 6: Undesirable rates vs. Industry
Figure 7: Subsidized coverage vs. Industry Figure 9: Capital adequacy at all levels
In November 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre to carry out research in the financial sector, covering mainly the banking sector, including the investment logic of listed banks, the finance industry and the finance industry, asset liabilities, wind control, and wind control.
In November 2019, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.