China Energy International (600011.sh) Fire and electricity profits improved significantly, new energy installed increased significantly, fuel costs decreased and Singapore's business profits increased significantly and profitability improved significantly in 2023.
Fuel costs have declined and electricity has increased, and corporate profits in Singapore have increased on a year-on-year basis.
In 2024, the share of non-fossil energy will continue to increase, coal consumption is expected to slow, the quality of contract performance for medium- and long-term contracts for electricity coal is expected to improve, the price of coal will shift downwards, and the price of electricity will stabilize and the company's profits from fire will improve over time.
A 52-week maximum price/minimum price
It is hoped that the profits will be stabilized as a result of the transfer of new power systems, the gradual transition from primary power to flexible power supply, the increase in income from support services, capacity prices, etc. The share of new energy installed will continue to increase, and future projects will drive the growth of corporate performance in 2023.
The company ' s additional capital-connected grid installed capacity of 10.00gw, with wind power 2.03gw, photovoltaics, and the company ' s continued large-scale investment in new energy projects in 2024, which will continue to increase, driving firm performance to increase robustly; and electricity prices, which are subject to an increase in the proportion of electricity traded and policy shifts over time
As a result, future electricity prices are expected to decline, and green power trading and carbon trading boosts are helping to offset the impact of falling prices. “CFI (600011.sh)—Fire power profits are further improved, and equity transfer support is expected to decrease.
Volontari International (600011.sh) - Fire and Power Profit Recovery Continuous, New Energy Performance Steady
Energy International (600011.sh) - Profit Improvement Landing and High Growth in New Energy Performance. Energy International (600011.sh) - Fire and Power Profit is expected to continue to improve, with new energy sources added to other contribution performance of $4.95 billion.
Lower fuel costs and significant increases in operating profits in Singapore. In 2023, the company achieved a year-on-year decrease in operating unit fuel costs and a year-on-year increase in electricity, as well as a year-on-year profit in Singapore, and a 12.38 per cent decrease in the cost of selling unit fuel at a power plant in Singapore at $326.43/MW.
In 2023, the company achieved a pre-tax profit of $4.355 billion in Singapore, an increase of 131.90 per cent in the same year. Coal electricity profits improved significantly, and the total profit on the PV plate increased significantly. Total profit on the split sheet was $433 million in 2023 (+102.50 per cent) and the total profit on the flaring plate was $777 million in 2023.
In 2023, 47,477 million kilowatt-hours (+5.23 per cent) were generated by power plants operating in the company, while 4,47,856 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) were generated online. The Māori rate increased, the cost level decreased and the net interest rate increased on a year-on-year basis.
In 2023, the company ' s net cash flow was 11.25 per cent, with an increase of 29.75 pct due mainly to higher net interest rates. In 2023, the net cash flow of the company was $45.497 billion (+39.91 per cent), mainly due to lower expenditure on fuel purchases, higher revenue from electricity sales, and revenue collection.
The combined effect of the corresponding reduction in the credits on renewable energy subsidies and value added tax credits for prior years to date; the increase in capital expenditures for projects such as new energy sources in 2023, with net outflows of investment cash of $5,526 million; and the increase in financing current expenditures, with net financing in the current period.
Figure 8: Corporate cash flows (in billions of yuan) Figure 7: Corporate Roe and Dubon analysis Significant increases in capital spending, and windy new energy construction remains the main capital expenditure direction of the company.
Capital spending planning for 2024, with company capital spending planned at 80,153 million yuan (+30.96%) in 2024, has resulted in a steady increase in electricity prices and lower coal prices, which have driven further improvements in the profits from the fire, and in a steady increase in the profits from the power switch. In 2024, the share of non-fosssil energy will continue to increase, coal consumption is expected to slow down, and policies will guarantee electricity consumption.
With regard to electricity policy, the National Development and Reform Commission has introduced the Circular on the Establishment of a Coal Power Price Mechanism, which adjusts the price of the current coal mono-power to two units, and the coal-fired power generation company.
The fixed cost of the industry can be channeled through capacity prices; new power systems are being built, the power from the main power source is being transformed into flexible power supply, the revenue from support services, capacity prices, etc. is increasing, the profits from the power generation are expected to move towards a sustained increase in the share of new energy installed, and future project delivery will drive the growth of corporate performance. In 2023, the company was new.
An additional base-based grid-controlled capacity of 10.00gw, of which wind power 2.03gw, photovoltaic 6.83gw, combined, will be invested in new energy projects on a continuous and large-scale basis and will increase the number of new energy loads, driving firm performance to robustly increase; and electricity prices, influenced by an increase in the proportion of electricity traded and policy adjustments over time, are expected to yield future electricity prices.
New energy contributed $8.03 billion in 2024, and fire power and other contributions performed $4.95 billion. The author was assured that the data used in the report were from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, and by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, he said that he would be able to make a difference between the two.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author