There's still room for improvement in the profits from coal power.
Leung Yonan splits up to $433 million a year, compared to a loss of $17,325 million in 2022.
The loss mainly benefited from the fall in the price of coal throughout the year; the burner earned $777 million, an increase of 35.08 per cent over the year; the main benefit was the increase in installed machinery and electricity; and the bulk energy generated $4.355 billion, an increase of 131.9 per cent over the same period. The company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate were 12.12 per cent, 357 per cent, and +9.08pet, +7.66pet, respectively, for the reporting period;
The company has a non-recurrent gain of 2,834 million, mainly through the transfer of 49% of Sichuan’s stockholdings to realize the full year’s profitability. Against a background of a swing in performance, the company’s debt ratios have improved, operating cash flows have been falling steadily for 24 years, and there is still room for increasing coal-fired profits.
During the reporting period, the cumulative total of 4,47.856 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) on the Internet was increased. The average cost of electricity on the Internet settlement was 0.51 kWh/kWh, a decline of 0.23 per cent over the same period.
The price of coal has continued since 2024. From the beginning of the year until 19 March, the average cost of 5,500 kcal power coal fell by 224 kyats per ton, and on 19 March, the value of 5,500 kcal power coal fell by 253 kyats per ton.
At a time when the heating season is ending and demand is low, and given the high stock of power plants and the power from hydropower and new energy sources, we expect that the market price of coal will remain low, which is expected to lead to an increase in the share of coal in the long-term agreement and to a sustained increase in the profitability of coal power.
21% of the total installed capacity. Considering other clean energy sources, such as combustion engines, hydropower, low-carbon clean energy loaders are still high, responding to groups and others.
Electricity and electricity prices have risen steadily, coal power is still growing in space, and the energy transition requirements of the National Finance Committee are strong. As wind and photovoltaic prices have fallen, we expect that coal prices will be higher than expected; that new energy development will be slower than expected; and that the price of electricity on the Internet will be lower.
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.