Company research. Company quick review. Bank. State-owned big bank.
Since 2015, the Bank of Commerce and Industry has built an internationally leading, distributed and open-economy banking system based on the construction of ecos. In our view, the Bank of Commerce and Industry, while continuing its own financial science and technology innovation, has created a number that is consistent with the real and future development of banking operations.
In the context of the new technological revolution and industrial transformation, deepening the digital transformation is essential for the banking sector's innovation-driven development strategy.
Business and industry banks have long attached importance to the use of science and technology to promote business and management, and have been active in recent years in injecting digital transformation into high-quality development dynamics and in providing overall leadership for the digital transformation of industries. (1) Deepening digital transformation is a necessary trend in high-quality banking development.
As China moves into a high-quality development phase, with a growing diversification of customer demand for financial services, the traditional development model of our commercial banks is being challenged. (1) With the rapid growth of the digital economy and the emergence of a new coronary epidemic causing changes in consumer demand, the use of financial technology, represented by technology such as big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, block chains, etc., has accelerated, and the traditional thinking and service methods of the banking sector have been hit by a huge shock. (2) We have seen a huge impact on our silver industry.
Various reforms, such as the marketing of interest rates in the industry, have accelerated, and the level of profitability in the banking sector has declined significantly. (3) The epidemic has had a significant impact on the real economy, further affecting the level of profitability in the banking sector.
Faced with these problems, there is an urgent need for the banking sector to speed up the digital transformation and adapt traditional development models using financial science and technology, while business and industry banks have consistently adhered to digital development and are at the forefront of the same industry. Since 2015, the industry has built a fifth generation of fully distributed open banking ecosystems with international leadership, moving from a single core banking system to a decored open ecosystem.
As the Chinese banking sector’s “head geese,” business and industry banks, while continuing their own financial technological and technological innovations, have created a digital transition path that is more consistent with the banking industry’s real and future development, as well as an export-oriented approach that will help to drive the overall digital transformation of the banking sector.
Business and industry banks have taken the lead in proposing “Digital Ecology, Digital Assets, Digital Technology, Digital Infrastructure, Digital Genetics” five-dimensional layouts, with a full roll-out of the unattended digital brand “D-icbc.” (1) Deepening the “Digital Industries” around the five-dimensional layout
The first is the active promotion of digital ecology and increasing the inclusiveness and applicability of financial services. The second is the strengthening of capacity in data asset applications. Currently, business banks have developed the largest and most functional large data service platform in the industry, thereby facilitating the intellectual transformation of services, products and operations. The third is the enhancement of digital technology innovation drivers. Business and industry banks have autonomously developed and built the largest corporate-level cloud computing in the world's banking industry.
The platform and the implementation of the largest hosting operation in the global banking sector have moved down to an open platform with a total of more than 1 billion debit card accounts. The fourth is to optimize the digital infrastructure.
(ii) Digitalization transition is compatible with the new development pattern of the “double-cycle” (d-icbc), which is compatible with the modern economic system. Business and industry banks create new development patterns that are based on a domestic cycle, with domestic and international bi-relations contributing to each other.
At the same time, a combination of multidimensional data on taxes, electricity, settlements, etc. is used to provide credit-credit support for micro-enterprise operations. In 2021, the balance of the industry’s inclusive lending was re-innovated by more than $1 trillion, a year-on-year increase of more than 50%, most of which was disbursed online.
At the same time, trade finance is being deepened, cross-border finance is being financed, and a “one-way” cooperation project is being supported. Building a “world-wide” series of products, developing a cross-border integration platform, and helping middle-income firms to move out.
Building the gbc end-of-the-mode digital community, synergies are emerging. Business and industry banks work together through the three ends of government (g), industry (b) and consumption (c) to create a digital community and deepen the development of the “First Man Gold Bank” strategy.
The services are “one-line” digitizing the industry at the end of the b. The cloud-services biosphere is being rolled out around areas such as education, health care, etc., with more than 2,000 types of financial products and services exported to the outside world, with the total number of services and product coverage being the highest in the same industry. The third is investing in building a new model of industrial services on the cloud at the end of the c. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The mid-2021 report showed that individual mobile bankers in business had more than 443 million clients and maintained a leading role in the industry. The technology is self-reliant, forming core competitiveness, and the business banks are based on “five-dimensional layouts” and the technology is self-reliant, creating core competitiveness for high-level development.
From 2015 onwards, the Industrial Development Bank began to develop two core technological platforms, cloud computing plus distribution, to carry out the core business of the Institute. Second, to accelerate the construction of new digital infrastructure.
In 2021, the “National Green Data Centre” was evaluated. Third, the new technology layout was fully advanced. Business and industry banks used block chains as a core technology niche, building a series of new technology platforms around big data, cloud computing, and other cutting edge technologies, such as the Industrial and Silver Seal, the Industrial and Silver Nebula.
We believe that business banks, while continuing their own financial science and technology innovations, have created a digital transition path that is consistent with the real and future development of banking operations, and that is geared to peer-to-peer export, which is conducive to the overall digital transformation of the banking sector. We maintain a business-for-profit scenario, and the continuing weakness of the macroeconomic situation may have a negative impact on the quality of bank assets.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject