Glossy Glass: The number of carbots continues the trend of rising prices, the Glossy Glass (600660) event: the company published a three-quarterly report in 2022, and q1-q3 generated $20.440 billion in 2022.
+19.2% for the same year; 3.9 billion yuan for the mother, +50.3% for the same year; q3 of which earned operating income, Lu Kamin, car glass continued to expand and performed at a high rate of growth. The company achieved revenue in the first three quarters of 2022.
2040 million yuan, or +19.2% of the year, of which q3 achieved operating income of $7.54 billion, representing a decrease in the cost rate for the same period of 22q3 and a marked improvement in profitability. The ratio of higher value-added products increased during the period of 22q3 for companies, and the trend is expected to continue. In the first half of the year, the value added was higher for companies.
The product collection ratio was 42.35%, compared to the same period last year +51.pc. The product structure was optimized to 4.07%, and is expected to continue the upward trend over the same period of last year +2.37pt, with the skyglassing share of Piti. At the same time, we expect to continue with the company's borderless glass, hud, platinum.
The average unit price of a company’s glass product is expected to continue to rise in the volume of high-value-added products, such as glass. Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company is a van glass leader, and the automobile industry is moving towards intelligence \triangleright
During the transition, the demand for high-value-added products, such as skyscreen glass, is expected to grow, the unit price of the company's products is expected to go up, and the trend towards higher prices is expected to open the door to growth in corporate performance. We anticipate risk factors: higher-value-added products, such as skyscreen glass, are not as high as expected: raw materials are priced.
\triangleright Sindam Securities Co. Ltd. Risk: risk of recurring outbreaks.
Figure 1: Company collection (millions of dollars) and speed increase.
Figure 2: Companies ' annual net profits (millions of yuan) and rate of increase
Figure 5: Quarterly Māori and net interest rates of companies Figure 6: Quarterly cost of companies 4 core team members. 4 years of research experience in the automobile industry, specializing in top-down investment opportunities.
Full coverage, focusing on opportunities in Tesla’s industrial chain, smart cars, and autonomous branding. Cao Zingjie, Assistant Researcher in the Sinda Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, covering, inter alia, smart cars, car connections, new driving forces, etc.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.