On June 23, the Shanghai Group signed a contract with the four members of the Alliance in Shanghai.
On 1 July, a pilot project was planned to open a “Handing Ports and Ports” project called the “Handing Ports and Ports” and the “Inland Waterless Port”, from which container throughput has taken place since the fourth phase of the Hong Kong Port in December 2017.
In 2017, 16.5 million boxes were raised to 8.8 million boxes in 2019. The only land transport load on the East Sea Bridge is close to the 10 million-year limit. Although 5g smart, re-card formations have been reduced from 150 metres by half, they are still not enough.
The need for containerized land-cum-sea trans-shipment is also limited by the future release of the four volumes of ocean-mount ports. To this end, building on the geographical advantages of port stopovers and creating innovative inland waterless ports to rationalize transport resources and save costs is an effective way to increase trans-shipment by sea and land.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) is still uncertain in the short term with the global epidemic, reaching total market value/flow (millions) in the first month of May in the port of Shanghai.
At this point, the company is expected to increase the efficiency of the icd project. The shipping companies will be drawn into this efficient mode when they plan a new route after the outbreak.
Business Road (00165), leading the acquisition overseas, will allow the port of Yooshan to continue to release its throughput.
With the end of the epidemic, companies are expected to return their net profits (millions of dollars) over the next three years. The second wave of the global epidemic has exceeded expectations, and international trade has not recovered as expected.
Shanghai Group (600018), Innovative inland waterless harbour, building speed of the epidemic.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.