Wps 365 is up by 62%, opening the era of the ai office smart body.
727 million yuan (yoy+57 per cent); 738 million yuan net operating cash flow (yoy+17.51 per cent); 100 million yuan (yoy+14.14 per cent); 344 million yuan net profit from maternity (yoy-2.83 per cent); 337 million yuan net profit from non-mortality (yoy+0.57 per cent); 703 million yuan net operating cash flow (yoy+48.06 per cent);
The high growth of Wu Jing wps 365 operations benefited from the ai-driven and private enterprise coverage, and the software business was created by billions of dollars (yoy+10.12 per cent) with robust growth; of these, wps personal operations/wps365 operations/wps
The company actively promotes the landing of wps' personal business and the decentralization of the ai, while improving the overseas localization of the business strategy to boost the steady growth of the user's monthly activity. As of 30 June 2025, Wps office global monthly activity stood at 651 million (yoy+8.46%).
In-depth application of the industry landscape, enabling 365 operations to continue high-quality and high-speed growth. The same decline in revenues from software operations was due to the regularization of the IT acquisition process in 2025. Increased investment in research and development, and sound marketing and management cost control: corporate Māori ratio during the reporting period
85.03 per cent (yoy+0.13 pct). In terms of cost rates, corporate sales/management/R & D rates are paid to individual employees, with a focus on strengthening the R & D input of the ai product, initiating the development of a new version of the wps international edition, and consolidating the roots of technological innovation and adherence to technological autonomy.
Wpsline release, wpsai 3.0 opens the era of office intelligence: the company insists on a strategic focus on “ai, co-production, internationalization” and on “client-driven R & D, user-oriented” as a technological innovation mechanism, optimizes the allocation of R & D resources, continuously promotes the deep integration of products and industry scenes, and provides comprehensive user coverage
The company released wpsai3.0 on 27 July 2025 at the Shanghai World Congress on Artificial Intelligence and launched the original office smart body — wps sharp — to deepen the integration of the ai with the office software, to enhance the user's interactive experience, and to reshape the office creation output paradigm, marking Chinese office intelligence.
During the reporting period, the company actively pursued the “Stimulus Efficiency Rewards” initiative, maintaining a robust lead business with strong technological innovation and R & D capabilities, promoting high-quality corporate development, sharing the dividends of corporate development with large investors and actively transmitting the value of the company to capital markets.
This report is presented independently and objectively, with a clear and accurate view of my research. Any part of my salary was not in the past.
The report is provided to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities need not be treated as customers by recipients as recipients of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.