In the middle of 2025, Kimsan's office revealed that the company had achieved a recovery, a net profit for the mother, and a net profit for the first half of the year.
The main business of the Beijing office software company, Kimshan, is the design development and marketing of office software products and services, of which the single two-quarter collection, return to the mother's net profit and deduction of non-net profits are 13.56 (year-on-year +14.14 per cent),
The company’s main products are wpsoffice, income-side companies with robust growth in their personal business, a steady increase in their market share, and institutional operations with a bright and 365-year-old eye, accelerated head-to-head client coverage, and the prospect of replication with the punctuation project.
129 million yuan. The share of the domestic office software market in Kimshan continued to rise. As of 30 June, the total stock/flowa (millions of shares) of wps office had 651 million per month of global active equipment (year-on-year +856 per cent), with mobile versions, pc
The number of user fees paid by companies is also growing steadily on the basis of monthly living growth, with cumulative annual payments by individual users in Phnom Penh and abroad amounting to 41.79 million (plus 9.54 per cent of the year) and 1.89 million, respectively.
Partly through product strength and experience upgrading, combined with fine-tuning of operations and business strategies to ensure steady income growth; part of overseas to launch a new version of Wps International, moving towards high-value functions in the country, while also improving overseas localization strategies and reducing client costs.
With regard to institutional operations, the corporate business structure continues to be optimized and wps365 operations and wps software operations achieved income of $309 million in the first half of the year (+62.27 per cent of the year, or 36.31 per cent of the agency’s business income).
At interest rate of 94.69%, Kimsan continues to push customers to upgrade their purchases from a single software product to a wps365 platform, and wps365 has increased their speeds. wps365 product power has increased significantly, and Kimshan and head clients have co-invented it to replicate it with a sticking project, with new Chinese connections added in the first half of the year.
The Yangtze Three Gorges Group, the China Electrical and Equipment Group, the Chinese Bo Wu Group, and the Chinese Silver Federation are prominent business guests. Meanwhile, the company has continued to consolidate its client advantage in the field of Chinese enterprises, accelerating its coverage of private enterprises and places.
State-owned companies, with increasing market influence. Wps Software is actively involved in the bidding of central and local government companies for home-grown office software, the ownership of company products in the flow-and-record market continues to be guaranteed, research and development inputs are being strengthened, wpsai continues to be upgraded, and the function of one is rising rapidly in the first half of the year.
The interest rate was 85.03% (+0.11 pct) and the sales, management and R & D cost rate was 18.01% (same as 66%). The strengthening of R & D affected the level of net interest rates of companies to some extent, with cash flows from companies operating in the first half of this year amounting to 738 million yuan (+17.51%) and higher overall profitability.
The East’s financial and intellectual boom has led to an increase in the ability of the company’s business to re-engineer high-value business lines and upgrade the user’s body. The company has released wpsai 3.0 and launched a native office smart body, based on wpsai for the first half of the year.
3.0 Introduction of new features such as ai-adaptation documents, rhino-talking assistants, wpsaipt, wps knowledge base, etc. By the end of June, the company Wpsai had reached 2,951 million (by the end of the month of 24) and was expected to live in the second half of the year, as the benefits of the first half of the year continued to reach users and as a new product was rolled out.
We believe that the ai function is expected to be the key to raising the company’s fee rate and the value of arpu (average single-user income) in the medium and long term. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Kimshan’s office as the leader of domestic office software, growing space, and competing.
The pattern is excellent and its personal operations are growing robustly; wps 365 is bright, and billboard clients are expected to continue to act as examples; wps software is expected to benefit from letter-making business restoration. Overlaying the commercialization of the ai function Business repairs are not as good as expected and business trips are not as good as expected.
The source of the East's wealth and wisdom, the source of the East's wealth and wisdom, the office in KIMshan (68811.sh): wps 365 is bright and the one's power continues to grow.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is Jan Young-ja, financialit, car intelligence, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
KIMshan Office (68811.sh): wps365 is bright, and the i-continuing ability does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.