1. "Kimsan Offices Review: Leading Ai to the original office, fee conversion continues. "
Aai-driven product upgrade accelerates and wps multi-business lines synergize. Wpsai Up Speed, 2025.3.20 Products are making significant progress, with company publishing wpsai 3.0 and native office in the first half of the year.
“Kimsan Office Review: Employability for Pay Conversion, Contract Liabilities, Office Smart “wps” to achieve two-way depth integration of the ai with the office software Continuous increase”, 2024.10.26
(e.g., ai re-file to support natural dialogue changes and retain layouts), enable capability 3. " KIMshan Office " : Core strategic firmness is strong and keeps pushing the ai from "tool " to "synchronous intelligence " . wps365 completes component wisdom.
Commercialization process, 2024.8.21 Capability upgrade (online multi-scenes assistant, iterative intelligent document library function); ai experience continuous optimization (document layout, smart question-and-answer, photo creation integration, etc.).
Wpsai was living at 29.51 million months, an increase of 50 per cent over the year 2024 (1968) and an accelerated penetration of Wpsai monthly users is expected in the second half of the year as the product is more mature.
In the second quarter, revenue growth was bright, and the penetration of the government and corporate markets accelerated. Companies q2 performed at $158 million (more than 60 per cent faster than in the previous quarter), adding new anchor customers, such as China Connect, the Trifon Group, and the penetration of the government and corporate markets accelerated.
The 1h25 company is driven by a core development drive that achieves financial targets such as cash flows, double breakthroughs in client markets, such as the expansion of government clients, and cost structures that match the growth pace.
Higher rates, higher percentage of live monthly users, and the logic of accelerated growth in liquidity efficiency. Profit forecasts, valuations and ratings, based on the company's semi-annual reporting, are adjusted to take account of the trend in the spread of the ai product.
Increased competition in the co-location market, less than expected transition of two subscriptions, wpsai business scan for more services Analysis of related report rating ratios in the market