The rate of revenue growth is clearly warming, and the benefits of the ai empowerment are becoming apparent. Events: Kansan Office released its semi-annual report for 2025, and the company realized its revenue in the first half of 2025.
Wpsai 3.0 products were rolled out and the "tool-type" leapfroged to "collaborative intelligence".Wpsai 3.0 was released in the first half of 2025, and the original office office intelligence (wps sharp) was launched to facilitate the deep integration of the ai with the office software.
Rhino combines multiple ai functions, signalling a shift in the company’s ai function from a tool-type to a synergized intelligence. Based on wpsai 3.0, the company introduced the ai re-documentation, rhino voice helper, wpsaippt, 10,000, an increase of 50% in the number of active monthly users compared to 2024 (1968).
In the first half of the year, i-rights continued to benefit users and i-new products, and the company expects a rapid increase in the second half of the year. \triangleright
Wps' personal operations generated revenues of 1.748 billion yuan, an increase of 8.4 per cent over the same period, of which 1,619 million yuan was received domestically, representing an increase of 9.54 per cent in the cumulative annual number of paid individual users; Wps' overseas operations were well expanded, with an income of 129 million yuan from overseas individuals and accumulated annual fees.
1.9 million households. By the first half of 2025, the number of Wpsoffice global monthly active equipment was 651 million, an increase of 8.56 per cent. Of this, the wpsofficepc version of monthly active equipment was 305 million, an increase of 12.29 per cent, and the wpsoffice mobile monthly active equipment.
In the first half of 2025, the Wps software business earned $542 million, compared to the profit forecast and investment rating: the company wpai 3.0 was released and the application commercialization continued to fall.
One month's life is expected to grow rapidly; the number of monthly devices is increasing on a par with the number of users paying for it, and the personal operations of Wps Sinda are expected to provide greater imagination to the company; and wps 365 drives the application of the al-Ai to the ground.
(c) Risk factors: i-product market acceptance is not as high as expected; downstream customers pay less than expected;
\triangleright subscriber transitions and start-ups are not as advanced as expected. Components are not, are not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.