There has been a steady improvement in performance, and the Southwest Securities Institute's Wps personal business user activity has continued to grow and there has been a marked increase in the willingness to pay.
The company ' s wps personal operations generated revenues of $1.75 billion, an increase of 8.4 per cent in the same year and 65.8 per cent in the collection ratio, which is still the main source of revenue. During the reporting period, the company ' s wps had a global monthly activity of 650 million, an increase of 8.6 per cent over the same period, indicating that the wpsoffice had increased its user stickyness on different platforms.
Capability and membership optimization contributed to a sustained increase in user fee conversion rates, with the cumulative annual fee user base of the 2025h1 company wps amounting to 41.7 million users in the country, an increase of 9.5 per cent over the same period. *Wps365 business grew faster, wps software business was under short-term pressure. 2025h1 company wps365
With revenues of $310 million, a significant increase of 62.3% over the same period, the performance was impressive, thanks to a significant increase in product competitiveness from the wps365 platform through improved document collaboration and integration of the ai tool, and the addition of a number of label clients, such as China Connect and the Yangtze Three Gorges Group.
In July 2025, the company released wpai 3.0 and launched the "wps sharp" of the original office intelligence.
The rhinoceros collection is an innovative feature, such as the ai-adaptation document, voice assistant, aippt, wps knowledge base, highlighting the company's strategic intent to promote the integration of the ai into the depth of the office software. The number of active users up to the month of 2025h1 wpsai reached 29.51 million, a significant improvement from the 1968 million at the end of 2024, and the application of the ai technology.
In the second half of 2025, the first month of the month is expected to grow rapidly, taking into account the fact that the company is the leader of al+ office software, and in the context of the letter creation and the alms, it is expected to grow rapidly in the second half of the year.
1. Office in Kimshan (688111): commercialization of the i concerned the performance of contractual liabilities (2024-08-29) 1) wps personal business: in July 2025, the company launched wps rhino, integrating multiple ai functions and increasing user interaction
Experience has begun with a new era of smart office. Following up on the continuous upgrade of the proi function, the continuous expansion of the application landscape, and the increased adaptability of the interplanetary platform, it is expected that the pay penetration rate and the increase in the arpu value will be strong. The expected revenue from the operation will be the same as in 2025-2027. wps365: wps365 has a clear advantage in the market of the company, serving a large number of pole customers, and 2025h1 income increases.
Quick-eyes. From the one-way drive, wps365 upgrades the smart library (aidocs) benefits, and each core component has been equipped with an ai assistant, with a significant product boost. The follow-up company will continue to consolidate its client advantage in the field of Chinese entrepreneurship and accelerate its coverage of private enterprises and local countries 3) wps software operations: short-term revenue from the 2025 IT acquisition process adjustment, 2025h1 company wps software operations
At the same time, the company’s policy versionai has given new impetus to the intellectual upgrading of multiple governments, and the next half of the year’s letter-making order will be released, and is expected to be released in 2025-2027, taking into account the scope of operations and selecting science-based high-speed, pan-micronet, and Faulk’s software as comparable companies in 2026.
Given the firm’s role as a leader in domestic office software, its robust and robust personal business and its bright performance in wps365 operations, the core business is expected to achieve a sustained breakthrough in combination with the trends in industry and the ai, and it appears that there is no cause, no cause, and no direct or indirect compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.