The semi-annual report for 2025 for the office of Mr. Kimshan (6881.sh) shows a robust growth in operating income and a significant increase in net cash flows from operating activities.
a Circulation Unit (millions of shares): 5.77 per cent increase from year to year; net cash flows from operating activities of $738 million, growth from year to year
As at 30 June, Wpsoffice had a global monthly active equipment of 651 million, an increase of 8.56 per cent. Of this, the wpsofficepc version had a monthly active equipment of 305 million, an increase of 12.29 per cent, and the wpsoffice mobile version had a monthly active equipment of 346 million, an increase of 5.48 per cent.
In the second half of the year, it is expected to grow rapidly. With regard to overseas operations, the company has launched a new version of Wps International and is moving towards high-value functions in the country.
In addition, the report points to the high growth of wps 365 and the gradual growth of the ai ' s endowment.
The company's ability to deploy pictures, translations, proofreading, etc., abroad has had a remarkable income-generating effect. Wpsai 3.0 was published and launched a native office smart body, leading industry development.
As a pioneer and leader in the Chinese office software industry, the company released wpsai 3.0 and launched the original annual report rating: achieving robust performance growth, i commercializing pro-synchronous office intelligence, taking the lead in defining and opening our office smartness age, leading China.
The core capacity vehicle 2024.08.29, which combines multiple ai functions, and which uses different capabilities to perform related operations according to demand, is intelligent and efficient in performing complex tasks, signalling a shift in the company's ability from tool-type applications to synergized intelligence.
Change. Based on wpsai3.0, the company introduces new features such as the ai adaptation document, the rhino voice assistant, wpsaippt, the wps knowledge base of the army.
Companies are the leading domestic office software and service providers. Double-wheel drivers of policy and technological change. The number of paying users increases less than expected; the process of nationalizing substitution is less than expected; others are entering the office software market and the risk of increased competition in the market; and macro-environmental risks.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts