Shinjiyama Evidence, Cloud Software Services, KIMshan Office (68811.sh)
In the first half of the year, income growth was robust, and the first half of the year ' s life continued to climb, driving the corporate income as a whole, together with Wps365 operations. Market data: 22 August 2025
Reconciled, domestic revenue sustained steady growth, amounting to $1.619 billion in the first half of the year, and public circulation a/total equity in the foreign market (millions of divisions continuously improving their product function and operations strategies, amounting to $129 million in the first half of the year; 2)
Wps 365 product power has increased significantly, and the company has quickly promoted the replacement of collaborative products from priority-area clients. Today, the market value of the circulationa shares (billions):
Current revenue of $309 million, an increase of 62.27 per cent over the same year; 3) due to the shift of some clients from wps software to wps 365 platforms, the company Wps software business earned $542 million in the first half of the year, a decrease in the same amount.
0.82 percentage points, while the R & D cost rate increased further in the first half of the year to 36.07%, or 2.61 percentage points higher than in the same period the previous year, as companies continued to focus on investing.
Buwpsai3.0 and rolls out the native office smart body wps sharp, deep blends the ai with the office software, and achieves software aiization (confining the office function to be understood by the ai and used with precision)
Api interfaces) and ai softwareization (training ai model allows ai to understand the logic of office operations in depth). In the same time, the company introduced a completely new feature based on wpsai3.0, i-adaptation documents, rhino voice assistants, wpsaippt, wps knowledge base, where i-adaptation is smart enough to judge where changes need to be made and
Stabilize output. Rhino voice helper is the first voice-to-mouth tool in the industry to support Chat Documentation. Wpsaippt pioneers dynamic optimization of the ppt outline in natural languages. Wps knowledge base supports the sea.
Quantified wps cloud document upgrades the library and micro-sources quick import. With wpsai up to 10,000, there was a significant increase in the number of users compared to the 1968 million as of the end of the 2400s, and, as the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the first half of the year and of the new products of the ai continue to grow, it is expected that the number of live users will remain in the second half of the year.
As a leader in domestic office software, while wps' personal business continues to grow and wps365 industry performance is strong, wpsai's commercialization is expected to accelerate, adjust profit projections, and provide a reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have no reason, no reason, nor will it be specifically recommended in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.