We're going to have to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it.
Power is built, a well-deserved backbone of spare parts.
In this moment, the layout will continue to evolve.
The five major business lines are mutually reinforcing, and the trend is increasing innovation, expanding the client base, cutting off Tesla's national production order, and the “triple” strategy is long-term, with the global giants of spare parts.
For more than 30 years, the firm continued to evolve in the main industry. For more than 30 years, the company worked in deep-farming auto parts and components, with over 130,000 employees and 355 R & D manufacturing and service bases, providing over 40 domain-wide product and technical support to thousands of enterprises around the world.
In May 2009, the Automotive Group took the opportunity to restructure the bus stock by placing the spare parts and assets under the flag (other than joint electronics, upper steam transformers, Shanghai remittances) on the bus and renamed it a Chinese automobile; in 2017, a joint venture between the company and Magner began to develop and produce new energy power-driven systems.
The company's controlling shareholders are upper-mortality groups, stable equity structures, well-run shareholders and institutions, benefiting from strong support from upper-mortality groups and the Shanghai National Finance Commission, and the strategy and the “smart” and “environmental” approaches are pursued in a reasonable and orderly manner;
There are 58 subsidiaries under the company’s flag, of which 27 are direct investment subsidiaries, with high asset quality, stable operations, and long-fisting adornments contribute to consolidated statements, with more than 70% of the subsidiary’s revenues. Five operations are mutually reinforcing, and trends are being captured to enhance innovation.
The business of the company involves five main sections, including intelligence and interconnection (Handland vision, longline electronics, etc.), electric systems (Handam power, HS3 electricity, etc.), light quantification (St. Detman, Shanghai Sekoli, etc.), chassis systems (Shanghai conglomerates) and interior and interior adornment systems (Shanghai apparel, etc.), company car interiors are industry leaders, other operations are developed in tandem and the company ' s product lines continue to grow;
▪ The company, as a supplier of parts and components, continues to expand the range of products, continues to thrive in the area of segmentation, its combined product capacity and its ability to co-innovate continuously, and its products are exported to more than 20 countries and regions.
Internal and external adornment systems, intelligence and interconnection, internal and external adornments contribute the most, and business profits are generally good.
(a) The company's interior and interior adornment operations contributed 68.22 per cent of the company's total revenue in 2018, an increase of 13.59 per cent over the same period in 2017, a further expansion of its internal and external adornment business volume and a gradual increase in its operations;
Businesses represented by functional components have grown rapidly, with profits accounting for 7.7 per cent of business revenues, better operating profits and the expected future performance of business. Chart: Distribution of corporate revenues in 2018 (billions) Chart: Distribution of corporate profits in 2018 (billions)
With the strong support of the upper-mortality group, the company pursued the concept of “neutralization” and continued to evolve in the diversity of clients and services, with companies covering a number of manufacturers, such as Chang An, East Wind, Wall, Biade and Gilley, and as of 2019, the company's “non-inflated” business was dominated by customers.
In 2019, the company under the flag of the Chinese automobile acquired Texla National Car-type Battery cartridges and a combination of vehicle identities, side perimeters, back-curves, chairs, safety bars, etc., which provided new incremental and supportive elements for a steady increase in future performance.
In the upper-air system, in the off-system, in the off-system, in the off-system, in the off-the-shelf.
With a steady increase in revenue and a potential for profit, net profit growth has slowed down, but with improved profitability after China’s full visualization and the continued release of electricity-related orders in the future, profit growth is still stronger and potential remains.
Corporate interest rates are expected to improve, and three rates remain reasonable, due to increased competition in the parts and components market and declining sales in the automobile market, and a certain downward trend in corporate profits, but given the company's investments in smart grids, electrical equipment and automobiles, it is expected that there will be opportunities for greater returns in these areas in the future;
The company's three rates remained stable overall, largely influenced by changes in the company's personnel and institutions, and the decrease in management costs was more pronounced, with the company maintaining three rates in 2018 at 6.54 per cent, which is reasonably healthy.
• Based on its own practical and long-term development, the company has developed a three-pronged strategy of “zero-level, neutral, internationalized” with a strong effort to develop its own product skills and to actively develop new customers and drive the company's international journey;
Greater diversification and integration into the internationalized division of labour and supply systems have led to significant progress in corporate development.
Relying on the scale of investment and the scale of production, with a scale effect, to consolidate the Chinese market ' s leading position while entering the entire process of global zero, testing and certification, etc.
Increasing cost competitiveness of parts and components and increasing integrated competitiveness, with components division of labour systems, leading to the exercise of corporate technical capabilities and supply chain products with core competitiveness.
“A super-high” full-scale whole-of-business chain, long-run, stable and larger markets in the global Chinese triad.
We're heading for North America, and we're looking forward to it, and we're looking forward to it, and we're looking forward to it, and we're looking forward to it, and we're looking forward to it, and we're looking forward to it, and we're looking forward to it, and we're looking forward to it, and we're looking forward to it, and we're looking forward to it, and we're looking forward to it, and we're looking forward to it, and we're looking forward to it, and we're looking forward to it, and we're looking forward to it, and we're looking forward to it, and we're looking forward to it, and we're looking forward to it, and we're looking forward to it.
Under the long-fisted flag, there are currently five main operational modules, including interior, outer and seating systems, electronic systems, security systems, etc., with spare parts, supply and system integration capabilities, including, inter alia, long-flash interiors, long-fisted Wei-Tung, long-fisted Pio and Yanfon-Atao. The long-fist headquarters, located in Shanghai, China, now has more than 140 production research and development bases around the world and can provide zero distance to more than 30 well-known car manufacturers at home and abroad.
In-time supply, products are exported to more than 20 countries and territories in North America, Europe, Australia, and South-East Asia.
Long-term growth in net profits, good financial performance, steady growth in corporate corporate operating income and net profits, and better performance in financial data; slower but reasonable growth in corporate operating income
In the second half of 2015, a restructuring of global auto interiors with the United States of America's Jiangsen ownership led to the establishment of a 70% company-controlled long-line car interior system, which led to a significant change in data on company operating revenues in 2015 and 2016.
The main lines of operation include cockpit modules, dashboards, doorboards, control table modules, and other interior components, which are relatively new and state-of-the-art, leading in the country, with good prospects for development. The main accompanying clients are the upper mass, the upper general, the upper mass, the longer Anfort, the Dragon, the modern Beijing, the eastern wind, the upper passenger car, the Great Wall.
Cars, Jianghuai, Jili, etc. Charts: Products and Competitors. Main products: dashboards, by-boards, door panels, lighting technology, decorations
Toyota textiles, Toyoto, and Antolin.
Forgeia, the country's leader in visual security in China, is mainly engaged in technological development in the field of visual technology, lighting and smart equipment technology, the production and sale of electronic parts of motor vehicles' electronic equipment systems and car lighting;
Skoda, Berk, Cadillac, Chevy, Ford, Nissan, etc. Shanghai is a joint venture between China and Japan, with 50% of the Chinese share, and then China recovers the remaining 50% of the shares to form a Chinese vision, sits firmly in the domestic lights market, and has a share in the market abroad, but will need to strengthen its competitiveness in the future to ensure its market position.
Chart: Products and competitors
The headlights, the headlights, the headlights, the headlights, the headlights, the headlights, the headlights.
In China, the three power camps have stabilized and occupy a larger market, and the company's main components, such as auto-air conditioning systems and engine cooling systems, include new energy vehicles with electric compressors, which are coupled mainly with upper-air groups, gas groups, east winds to domestic mainframe plants such as snow and iron dragons, Chiri cars, Chang An cars, etc.
The Chinese electricity sector is home-based in a conglomerates, with a firm preponderant size and market position, with a domestic market share of about 40 per cent of the product, while exporting 32 countries and territories, with an operating income of $6,211 million in 2018.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Farreaux søngz with cold spongies.
The company, which is mainly developing and producing spare parts for heavy vehicles and cars, tractor chassis, deflators, etc., currently has a class-C sedan, suv, mpv. The Shanghai Constellation is a backbone supplier of the multi-deck system of the upper-air, upper-air and upper-air-space ownership brands, and has been officially confirmed by General Motors.
For the first time in North America, a supplier of spare parts, such as the epsiloni sub-platform, backbridge structures, was admitted to the Oem market in China.
The Bo Shihua area is large and has the highest market ownership. The company develops, produces and assembles automobile turn-over systems and their components and related car parts. The main clients are the general population, general, 22 complete garages at Fort Litt, some of which are exported to 15 countries and territories.
The company has grown into one of China’s largest-scale, most market-owned, high-technology firms that are now moving in vehicles to the system. Chart: The shift to system product information and competition, Jaguar Road Rover.
The company was established in 1988 as the country's first joint venture with gkn to produce a series of mobile products, such as almanacs, transmission axes, drive systems, etc., with annual collections of over 10 billion people and a 45 per cent share of the domestic market for major products, leading in the field of transmission.
The main clients in Shanghai, such as the upper-air public, upper-air general, upper-air passenger cars, the upper-air mass, a car, the long Anfort, the Beijing Mercedes, the Great Wall, the East Wind, the Chinese BMW, etc., are the main domestic mainframes.
From neutralization to internationalization, the large wheels of spare parts traveled to the world, walking on two legs, with significant neutralization effects.
The internationalization has begun, the overseas market is now very promising, and the world's giants are on their way.
Both legs walk with significant neutralization effects, depending on the atmosphere, to consolidate the vanguard position. The Chinese territory, relying on the superior resources of the upper-mortality group, has been fast-tracked since its inception, has maintained momentum for many years in a row, has steadily increased revenue and net profits, has continued to generate value for its clients, has generated profits for its shareholders, and has consolidated the leadership of the domestic spare parts group.
In recent years, China has been actively setting up new businesses and opening up new customers, although the upper-mortality business still accounts for the largest share of its revenues, it does not want to rely too much on the benefits and privileges of the upper-mortality group.
The trend has gradually been to highlight the fact that the share of non-uplifting industries has stabilized at around 40 per cent. Chart: Clients within the system and clients outside the system over 2011-2018 Chart: Clients outside the system over 2018
The share of corporate exports and overseas operations, combined with the share of overseas operations, rose rapidly from around 2 per cent in 2011 to more than 20 per cent in 2016-2018, more than a 10-fold increase, and the internationalization process was beginning to work well. In 2018, the share of overseas operations increased by 30.7 billion yuan.
In the future, however, as companies gain global visibility and improve the quality of their own products, China will expand its market share by opening up more customers in the international market, with the sword referring to the global stock of spare parts. Chart: change in the share of overseas operations in 2011-2018
Chart: Overview of major overseas operations in China, frequent operations, improved internationalization, recovery, reorganisation of Jiangsen, and internationalization are beginning to yield results. With the reorganization of the Chinese and Jiangsun operations, longline interiors are fully synergized and growing steadily, with global vehicle zeros in 2017.
In 2015, China acquired 50% of Ksalutech’s shares in the German kspg group, the core business of which was car start-up aluminium cylinders. By 2017, some of the company’s niches and products, such as lightly quantifying aluminium, fuel tank systems, and car electronics, had also entered regional markets in Europe, the United States, Korea, Australia, and South-East Asia.
L. Widden Magnus has secured a German mass meb platform, is expected to be officially operational by 2020, and the speed with which China’s visual car lighting is growing is expected to become a new image of corporate internationalization: the strategic internationalization of Chinese automobiles has begun, and there are prospects for overseas markets.
In comparison with other parts and components in the country, the share of glass and agile groups in 2013-2018 was stable at between 30 and 40%, and the share of Chinese overseas in 2018 was 20%, only half that of the other two enterprises. While the internationalization of China has worked well in recent years, there is still much room for future growth in terms of its products and global visibility, new operations from international markets and higher market shares.
The internationalization of domestic parts and components is becoming more powerful and self-control is increasing.
From 2014 to 2018, the annual growth rate of Chinese automobile-to-associated and joint ventures rose from 2,455 million yuan in 2014 to 4,018 million yuan in 2018, but the rate of increase slowed in the last two years to an 8% increase in 2018 compared to 2017. Since 2017, the share of Chinese automobile investment in total corporate profits has shown a marked downward trend, during which the company and Magnus jointly formed a Washington Magnus.
With the successive acquisitions of small car lamps (current area vision) and saxophone power, self-control is growing, and the share of the joint venture in total profits (before taxes) fell from 40.65% in 2017 to 31.68% in the first half of 2019. With the rest of the vehicle's spare parts, it is hoped that the global giant will be achieved.
Based on the availability of funds and orders, the car’s component companies themselves have been able to obtain the latest product and technology from the entire factory. There are a number of car-based firms around the world, which eventually become parts of the world’s giants, such as the Toyota-growing electric suit, modern Mobis under the modern flag, the Weishito of Ford, the Derford of Universality, and so on.
As a component group that relies on the upper flag, Chinese automobiles continue to expand out-of-system clients through neutral strategies, improve their client systems, expand overseas customers through internationalization strategies, and with their own advantage in the quality of their products, they are expected to achieve the global giants in the future.
Way to go: The technology giant out of Ford, Vc, is a multinational auto parts manufacturer in the United States. It was separated from Ford in 2000. Clients include BMW, Daimler, Ford, General Motors, and so on. Top 500 in wealth. Car parts manufacturing companies are 32nd in the world.
In mid-2015, companies sold their climate business shares, refocused on high-growth cockpit electronics, and focused on software and networked cars. Compared to their inception, the main business of the Greater Worldton, markets and revenues changed dramatically, with more than 80% of the revenue coming from North America.
Chart: The history of Wei Se-Tung, Wei-Tung at the end of 2017
The stock was transferred to NASDA, and Chase moved with the United States from 2015 to 2017.
The center (acm) drives the car out of the cabin controller, network and automated traffic.
Developments in information and entertainment systems, automated techniques, driving domain controllers.
Electric denso: Toyota's powerhouse company, Denso, is the world's top supplier of automobile parts and systems, ranked first in Japan, with 184 affiliated companies in more than 30 countries and territories, and 229 companies in 2018, the world's top 500 companies.
As of 2015, there were 21 products that went beyond the Bo Group. “The Vision 2025” was published in November 2017, and the company would work on electricization, advanced safety and autopilot, car networking, non-car-borne operations, and automobiles.
To advance the system from the perspective of the Integrated Vehicle System.
At the end of the 1980s, the British industry was 500%. The same year, Italy, Spain.
From the '70s to the '80s, electricity introduced the "denso2015" and China's peers started to merge.
We're starting to speed up overseas operations, and in 1957, the electric wings were working to become the world.
The tentacles extended to the United States, Germany, and became autonomous.
Australia, Thailand, plus power plants, spark plugs, nadas, etc.
Toyota, 1949.
Toyota has 22.5 per cent of the company's shares.
Modern Mobis: Globalization is impressive. Modern Mobis, one of the three leading forces of the modern Kia Automobile Group, is the largest auto parts and components company in Korea, and is the seventh largest supplier of car zero parts in the world, and the top 500 global wealth of 2018.
At present, the main clients are modern cars and Kia cars in the modern-Kea Group, in addition to Korea-based universal (Dawoo) and Twin Dragons, China-based upper gas, Mitsubishi and Sbaru in Japan, North America, and Chrysler in North America, the European public, BMW, and Daimler. Modern Mobis deals with a wide range of operations, encompassing all car parts and components except tyres, glass, and body manufacturing, and is divided into three main sections: parts module, core.
(a) The spare parts system and after-sales operations.
In 2009, the modern Mobis absorbed the modern merger.
In the twenty-first century, following modernity and strength into the future driving field.
The process of globalization, such as auto-drive and inter-operability, started in Kia, 1999-2000.
In China, in the United States, in 1985 with modern vehicles, India, Jie.
Slovakia, acceptance of modern vehicles and Kiak, Brazil, Turkey
1977 State-owned factories, such as Mexico, for the sale of spare parts for modern Mobi cars.
Four-drive vehicle research and development.
In the present, the future of the layout is without fear, the four main advantages support steady growth in performance, the reasonable layout, and the powered advantage emerges.
Focusing on the future, smartness plays a three-pronged role, without fear, with four main advantages supporting steady growth in performance, fearing the winter, and the industry’s champions performing well. In the context of the cold winter in the city, the company as a whole has achieved a steady growth rate of 11.88%, especially in the interior and the interior.
The company, as a leading company in the country for auto parts and components, operates on a wide range of specialized plates, with customers spread across the major global mainstream, while at the same time carrying on with the entire domestic fleet of automobiles, 150 billion aircraft carriers of spare parts are sufficient to smooth the short-term fluctuations in the industry cycle.
As the largest downstream client in China, the upper-mortality group has been 24.1% in 18 years, with strong opposition and strong industry leadership. Moreover, in the last three years, the top 10 companies are all downstream customers, and strong downstream customer support will guarantee steady growth in corporate performance.
Subtract pressure, known as the industry’s low-lying needles. Chart: China’s main downstream customers’ operating income in 2018 and their share of the saicvolkswagen
Shanghai General Motors shanghaigm upper steam group saicmotor ford
This post is part of our special coverage New York City.
The car's a big car, gacmotor, and Mr. Annford, jac.
It's the East Wind. It's Beijing Mercedes. It's the crowd.
Up-air, up-air-car, up-gas-car, up-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-air car, up-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-to-date, up-to-to-date, up-to-to-to-date, up-to-to-to-date, up-to-date, up-to-to-to-date, up-to-to-to-
Beijing Mercedes, a crowd, a wide-bang car.
An Qi Xiao, East Fung Nie, and Anfort.
The power-driven technology is far ahead, the power-driven technology is not limited, and the power-driven advantage is growing. The power-driven power plant is the first to achieve a bulk-based production of the power-driven copper-line technology, which has been recognized by the German public, the new power source for the upper-gas, the upper-gas-rider system, and the bulk supply of the upper-gas autonomous system was 58,000 units in 2018.
The company continues to actively reach out to other clients on the basis of the availability of the mab platform for the upper and upper masses. In addition, the company has achieved a mass supply of a number of core products, such as electric voltage, compressor and air conditioning systems, new energy heat management, electrical transitions, battery shells, battery management systems, etc., in the field of electrodynamics.
The power-driven system has become a popular meb platform.
It's expected to go into production by 2020.
A high competitiveness of core products and a high market outlook
Twenty-four ghz bulk supply, intelligent advancement, autonomous development of millimetre wave radar providers to produce volume. Products such as 77/79 ghz technology forward millimetre wave radar, 360 cyclovision systems are also accelerating their development and application, and exploring the creation of a fully functional business development platform covering millimetre wave radars, cameras and data integration.
Innovative research and development of products such as smart seating system domain controllers, smart fittings, etc., using synergies in business modules. Chart: 24ghz backloaded radar products, 16,922 produced throughout the year
Accumulated 10 patents, accelerated development of products such as 77/79ghz millimetre wave radars, establishment of long-line automobile smart security systems, Inc.
Accelerating innovative research and development of smart cabin system domain controllers, smart accessories, and so on.
The company is a domestic backbone of spare parts, and its early growth is dependent on the upper conglomerates, expanding out-of-system customers through neutralization and internationalization strategies, with wide product coverage and high-quality customers, while actively managing the intellectual and electric trends of the automobile industry and its ability to grow continuously through cycles.
The company’s development process is gradually drawing on the technical and managerial experience of its foreign partners, and integrating offshore mega-entities such as Wei Shih-Tung, Jiangseng, Xiao Jian, and Saxu. The dependence on foreign capital is gradually decreasing, and long-term development, with strong internal support, is expected to grow into a large global component.
The Pacific Securities Institute (PSI) has not progressed as expected on the projects related to electricization and intelligence.
The content and opinions in the Hwayan Enterprise d are for reference only and do not constitute an offer or an inquiry into the sale or sale of the securities in question. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.