(b) Research assistant Chai Ka Fai q1 registered a 3 per cent increase in revenue, a 336 per cent increase in net profits, close to the projected ceiling, and a Māori ratio of the same ratio + 5 pct,
The net profit achieved by the parent company was 88 million yuan, an increase of 336.31 per cent. The rate of Māori in 20q1 was 34.34 per cent, an increase of 4.89 pct, an increase of 5.94 pcc, and the net interest rate of Māori in 20q1 was largely due to a significant increase in the Māori rate (approximately 49 million), cost control & exchange rate.
Gains (about $39 million), non-recurrent gains and losses such as government subsidies (about 12 million), but bad debts are returning to normal, with q2 entering the fast-track revenue recognition phase. At the same time, the price of hand orders is better than last year, the trend towards improved Māori rates is clear, and performance has increased more certainty throughout the year.
▪ Investment in the grid is expected to be higher than expected in 2020, with super-high-pressure construction accelerating, companies increasing their hand orders on average, and continuing to increase this year. Investment in the grid is expected to be higher in 20 years in the context of new infrastructure, following plans to invest US$ 408 billion (-9%) in the country’s network, and a recent national network spokesman has indicated that this year’s target has been revised upwards.
To 450 billion, we expect to actually reach 450 billion. The super-high pressure is the focus of construction, with 20 years of accelerated construction, and the company is expected to take more orders, while the super-high-pressure construction is expected to pull 500kv, 220kv, and the demand for medium-high-pressure power is expected to pull. We measure the cost of public utility power.
The company achieved its first single breakthrough in Japan, Korea, the Philippines, Greece, Romania, and another 1.6 billion in overseas markets in 19 years.
The company established sechsa Super Capacitator 1, Thought Electric (002028), a profit company, and Shanghai Télémie Autotech (55%) in Switzerland at an early stage.
Stockings, orders, power grid investment, supply system, but current deficit pressures, with $17.4 million lost in 19 years, up 41 per cent; 18 years of growth, Māori improvement, q1 overperformance
▪ Net cash outflows and stock growth to ensure supply chain capacity plus raw materials inventory; business growth remains positive; accounts receivable remain stable, with $2.54 billion at the end of the period; investments are expected to accelerate, with a rise in the full product category.
q1 registered a 3 per cent increase in revenue, a 336 per cent increase in net profits, close to the projected ceiling, with a Māori ratio of the same to +5 pct, a ring to +6 pct, non-recurrent gains, such as government grants (approximately 12 million), but a 36 million increase in bad debt impairments on the same to the same date.
At the same time, the price of hand orders was better than the previous year, and the trend towards an improved Māori rate was clear, with a high level of certainty in terms of performance throughout the year.
In 2020, electricity grid investments are expected to be higher than expected, super-high-pressure construction is accelerating, companies are increasing their hand orders, and this year they are expected to continue to be higher. In 20 years, in the context of new infrastructure, electricity grid investments are expected to be higher than expected, before the national network plans to invest $408 billion, of which the construction focus is on construction, construction progress is accelerated in 20 years, and companies are expected to take more orders, while building super-high-pressure is expected to take over.
We're counting on the positive information that the company's power supply business is expected to continue to increase over the next 20 years. The product layout is now in harvest, and the power supply is high and locked in high-growth.
Wire and power plants, which are increasingly well-placed in their thought-sourced products, mainly locate the 110kv, 220kv high-pressure products, traditional superior products such as the radians, circuit breakers, sensors, etc., which are in the country’s first echelons, and the relays such as gis, capacitors, etc., which were cultivated in 05-10 years, contributed to the new growth point.
Prices have recovered, corporate Gis orders have increased significantly, and the Māori rate has risen significantly, while the 500kv product reserve has continued to grow. In 2019, the company added $8.03 billion, a 20% increase over the same period, and we estimate that the company’s bidding in late 19 will continue to rise and prices are expected to improve.
The company achieved its first single breakthrough in Japan, Korea, the Philippines, Greece, Romania in 19 years, with an additional $1.6 billion in overseas markets, an increase of 18 per cent, the establishment of the sechsa Super Capacitors at hand at the end of the year, and the establishment of the Shanghai Tender Automobile Technology (55 per cent).
The entire system of vehicle supply, however, is still under pressure, with losses of $1.74 million in 19 years, or 41% more, and investment in the integrated circuit industry through Shanghai and Beijing in 18 years. It is estimated that cash in hand is now over 1 billion and that there are still further expanses to ensure supply chain capacity plus raw materials inventory, resulting in net cash outflows and stock growth.
More stocks of raw materials, on the one hand, q1 commodities are relatively low, on the other hand, and on the other hand, upstream suppliers are generally struggling to procure raw materials in advance, which helps to facilitate upstream recovery. Under this effect, q1 ' s net operating cash outflows were 570 million, compared to 230 million during the previous year; inventories grew by 290 million to 1.84 billion from the beginning of the period.
Growth between $120 million and $71 million indicates that corporate business growth has remained positive; receivables have remained stable at the end of the period of $2.54 billion.