Review of transport shipping ports - non-financial companies - 2024
Incidents: On 22 March 2025, China Far Sea Control issued a 2024 report: the company achieved $233.9 million in revenues from containerized shipping operations, which amounted to $22.6 billion, an increase of 34.4 per cent; dock operations generated $10.8 billion, an increase of Sun Ji-sung
The Red Sea events re-emphasized the fragility of the supply chain, and the net profit from maternal repatriation was the third largest in history. The Red Sea events once again highlighted the vulnerability of the chain of assembly supply, Wang Xuewu, which recovered significantly throughout 2024 as supply and demand were tightened.
Since the start of the attack on merchant ships in mid-November of that year, the situation in the Red Sea region has continued to escalate, resulting in a large number of roundabouts and a substantial increase in shipping prices. In 2024, the average value of the ccfi was 1552, an increase of 65.6 per cent in comparison, and the volatility of the scfi, a rise in Zhang Foucher.
Looking forward to 2025, Israel’s escalation of the Gaza conflict, the ongoing exchange of fire between the US forces and the Houthi armed forces, and the short-term or no prospect of a return to the Red Sea.
In the medium-to-long term, excess capacity remains a serious problem, with container ships still at high concentration in the ocean, twin stars, pa and msc under the "3+1" pattern of the current fleet, with a hand order of 27% of the fleet as of February 2025, 2025-2026, or
The company announces a plan for equity dividends over the next three years, highlighting the dividends. The company will insist on cash transfers for the next three years (2025-2027), and will be distributed over the course of the year, subject to the requirements of the company’s charter.
The total cash dividend should account for 30-50% of the net profit achieved by the company during the year attributable to the shareholders of the listed company. Profit predictions and investment perspectives: Mid-Sea Control, as a global head container transport integrated service provider, based on the industry’s newest supply and demand situation and the continuing red Sea bypass, we expect the Middle-Sea-based net profit share for 2025-2027 to be paid back.
My own personal opinion of the target securities and issuers is maintained, taking into account the high concentration in the industry and the nature of the company’s dividends. I have been diligent in my professional approach, professional intuitive in my research methods, using information on legal compliance, and have produced this report independently and objectively, without any part of the person’s remuneration being, directly or indirectly, associated with the specific investment opinions or views in this report.