Middle and Far Sea Control (601919) Middle and Far and Far and Far and Far and Far and Far and Far and Far and Far and Far, 2024. Total operating income achieved during the reporting period.
233.859 billion, or 33.29 per cent more than the previous year; 49.10 billion, or 105.78 per cent, of the net return on the mother ' s return; inclusive of the $8.3 billion cash dividend distributed over the medium term, which represents about 50 per cent of the net profit share attributable to the shareholders of the listed company for the current year.
Middle and Far Sea control has two major sections for container shipping and terminal operation management. > > Container shipping operations: in 2024, the volume of company cargo was approximately 2.594 million teu, representing an increase of 538 self-owned container fleets with a capacity of approximately 3.32 million standard containers.
Total equity/flow (billion shares) > > terminal operations: Companies are mainly engaged in containerization and bulking through mid- and long-range maritime ports. Total market value/flow (billions)
Cargo terminal handling and storage operations. Total port throughput in 2024 amounted to approximately 144 million teu, compared to 1758/10.33 Sea ports operate and manage 375 berths in 39 ports around the world, 226 of which are concentrated
The moderate increase in cargo demand in 2024, coupled with the continuing fermentation of the Red Sea situation, has resulted in an inadequate supply of power and high market prices.
Over 65% of the length and 11% of the cost of the super-company route, leading to a significant increase in performance. At the end of the future demand for freight, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development estimated a 2.7% increase in container trade, while the public had 43 new orders, including 24 new methanol double fuel engines.
This additional capacity will continuously optimize the company fleet structure to meet emerging market, trans-ocean trade and environmental policy needs. We will continue to recommend an “enhanced” rating. Geopolitical policy risks; changes in tariffs on national trade; and economic volatility risks;
Mid-Sea Control, 2024. Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.