Mid-Sea Control (601919.sh) Red Sea Crisis Support has increased its performance and positively rewarded shareholders for enhancing their value attributes Transport and shipping ports
China and China announced their annual report for 2024, with a significant increase in the performance of q4. China and China published their annual report for 2024, which generated 23,386 million yuan in operating income for the entire year, an increase of 33.3 per cent compared to the 33.3 per cent; and the return of 49,100 billion yuan in net profit, an increase of 10,5.8 per cent compared to the other.
U.S. Lines have led to a rapid increase in sea-controlled freight traffic, but prices have been weaker than industry due to the delayed effects.24 Companies completed 25,944 million standard containers in the sea, an increase of 10.1 per cent in the same year, of which trans-Pacific majors have experienced a decline in ship turnover efficiency as a result of the bypassing of the Red Sea; Asia’s volume has increased 11.1 per cent on the same basis, mainly as a result of the increase in volume in Asia.
In terms of single-box revenue, the company’s revenue from the international line box (carry price) grew by 30.3% over 24 years, while the Shanghai Export Container Transport Index (SGCI) scfi/China Export Packet was the same period.
A steady increase in dock operations. Far and medium sea ports achieved 144.3 million teu through 2024, an increase of 6.1 per cent compared with 6.1 per cent, of which 32.655 million standard boxes, a percentage of 6.2 per cent, were in controlled docks.
On the one hand, the company is expected to perform robustly towards Middle and Far Sea Control (60199.sh) in late 2024 - the third quarter, focusing on the JCJ negotiations 50% close to the upper limit of the investor ' s return plan; on the other hand, the company ' s 4q2024 opening a new round of buybacks.
Middle and Far Seas Control (60199.sh) - Shareholders with Medium and Medium Sea Dividends, the second half of the year was worth the score. On 21 March of the year, the company repurchased 3.04 million shares, or 1.88 per cent of total equity. Middle and Far Sea Control (60199.sh) - Quarterly Performance Rings increased significantly and q2 was expected to meet.
Middle and Far Sea Control (6019.sh) - Full Refund Shareholders. Repurchases highlight the medium and long term, although industry-wide, the current excess supply problem is severe, and Suez routes or continues to be the sword of Damocs in industry, the collectors are profitable or will be under pressure, but the China and China Sea are the dragons.
q4 performance has increased significantly, considering that the Red Sea is still in place, compared to the 2024 annual report published by Mid-Sea Control, which released the 2024 annual report, which represents an increase of $105.8%, of which q4 companies achieved business income of $59.12 billion, an increase of 44.6%.
Figure 1: Medium- and Far-Sea Control Business Income and Growth (Billions of Dollars, %) Figure 2: Medium and Far-Sea Control Single Season Operating Income and Growth (Billions, %) Figure 3: Middle and Far-Sea Control Mother Net Profit and Growth (Billions, %)
Figure 4: Medium- and Far-sea control of single-sea period net profits and increases (in billions of dollars, per cent) US-led sea-controlled freight volumes are growing rapidly, but lower than industry prices due to lag effects. 24 years of companies completing container shipping of 2,59.4 million standard boxes, an increase of 10.1 per cent over the same period, including the Trans-Pacific Line (US-line).
In Asia, the volume of goods increased by 13.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis; in Asia, the volume of line goods from Europe fell by 13.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of the red sea bypass, which led to a decline in ship turnover efficiency; in Asia, the volume of goods grew by 11.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of industrial restructuring, which led to an active intra-area trade. In terms of single-box revenue, the company ' s revenue from international single-line boxes (carry prices) grew by 30.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
During the same period, the Shanghai Export Container Transport Index scfi/China Export Container Transport Index averaged 144.2 per cent/62.1 per cent more than the previous year. Overall, 24 years of company combined operations achieved 62 billion yuan in ebit profits, compared to the same increase in dock operations.
6.1% long, of which 32655,000 TEUs at holding docks, the same proportion as +6.2% in sub-areas, the Gulf, Long Triangle, South-East Coast, Pearl Triangle, South-West Coast, and offshore wharfs, respectively, have a significant share of returns to shareholders, with a strong value attribute. On the one hand, the company intends to share the entire stock by the end of 2024.
Although industry-wide there is a serious problem with excess supply, and given that the Suez route or the sword of Damocs, which continues to serve as the industry, is profitable or will be pressured by the collectors, the Middle and Far Sea control is a leading business, and the positive returns of shareholders are expected to support the value of their investments.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject