Net profits increased in double digits, and risk offsets were added to the three-quarterly review by Chengdu Bank (601838) 2024 31 October 2024
In the first three quarters of 2024, Chengdu bank realized business income of 174.1 million yuan, an increase of 3.23 per cent over the previous quarter; net profits attributable to shareholders in parent companies of 9,038 million yuan, a double-digit increase in net profits of the first three quarters of the same period. In the first three quarters of 2024, Chengdu bank realized business revenue.
Main data as at 30 October 2024, 1.31 percentage points, due mainly to a weakening of non-interest-based income contributions; net profit increase for parent is roe (ttm)
2024q3 Interest income is growing at a positive rate. The split collection structure, interest income, and interest earned in the previous three quarters peaked in December at a percentage point, or benefited from lower interest rates on deposits, strict regulatory restrictions on high interest collections, which are in the hands of Chengdu banks
Debt costs have been reduced, and it is expected that the positive effect of the four-quarter reduction in deposit rates on the cost of liabilities will continue or be driven by a similar increase in the management of the financial and financial operations; and that, benefiting from the debt overhang, the previous three quarters have seen a 20.32 per cent increase in investment returns compared to the previous three quarters, although there has been a weakening of the contribution of credit in the third quarter of 2024.
By the end of September 2024, the total assets of the Chengdu bank and the distribution of loans were equal to +14.92% and +22.67%. Credit continued to grow at a high rate, driven mainly by public loans.
At the end of September 2024, the Chengdu bank non-performing loan rate stood at 0.66%, with a flat loan rate of 0.43% and an improvement of 0.02 percentage points in the ring. The provision covers 497.40%, and the output recovery is less than expected to result in weak credit demand and pressure on the quality of the bank ' s assets; market interest rates
As a result of the downside, banks’ asset end-of-end returns fall and net interest differentials continue to run the risk. Research reports, “positive” investors are only suitable for use of “middle- and high-risk” studies at risk levels, and “radical” investors are suitable for use of the various categories of our Department that have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence, in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively known.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.