Spring and fall aviation (601021.sh) Aviation industry demand is growing steadily, and the share of the cheap air market will continue to grow. Domestic per capita air traffic is only 0.4 times. According to the strategic plan of the Civil Aviation Authority, it is projected that by 2020, it will be medium-sized
As economies grow steadily, rising low-line consumption will drive the continuous release of civil aviation demand. In particular, cheap air fares are cheap, and the price of precision location is highly sensitive.
We believe that the market share of Spring and Fall Aviation, the leader of the cheap voyage, will grow steadily. The Boeing 737max series has stopped, corporate regional competitiveness has risen, and customers have grown.
Since March 14, the Boeing 737max series has been grounded around the world, and our country has announced the first time that it will be grounded. The negative impact of the 737max flight will slow down the supply of our aviation industry from the point of view of the order.
The impact is on the contrary. Because of the decline in the supply of other airlines, spring and fall aviation, which operates along a two or three-four-point route, will face a smaller regional competitiveness since 2019.
The spring and fall model of aviation operations is efficient, effectively controlling costs and costs.
Singapore has major aircraft repair and management costs, as well as other administrative costs.
In addition, the company's direct sale of e-commerce was the main distribution channel, with the company's unit sales fee in 2018.
The company’s scientific management also makes the single management cost much lower than the average listed company in the industry, amounting to $0.0052.
There are a number of ways that companies can avoid the effects of fluctuations in exchange rates and oil prices.
Companies avoid the effects of exchange rate fluctuations by holding dollars, hedged parts of yen assets, and Japanese yen liabilities, while using forward financial products such as options.
The impact is relatively small, with the RMB exchange rate of 1% against the dollar, and the net profit of the company in 2018 being only 580,000. With regard to oil prices, the company ' s higher occupancy rate has resulted in higher surcharges for fuel per unit flight, which can transfer significant costs.
In 2018, for example, the level of earnings from the three flights was 23% lower, 19% lower, and the income gap was higher than that of the passenger.
In spite of the increase in prices for some of the routes in 2018, the company balanced the relationship between prices and guest rates through market segmentation based on the needs of different passengers, achieving a significant increase in operating income in parallel with the decline in the Māori rate. In addition, the company has developed a high Māori support business, with a 64% Māori supplement in 2018, with a much higher profitability than that of the main industry.
The company’s other revenue in 2018 was 1.303 billion yuan, mainly government subsidies to the company’s airline and fiscal subsidies, an increase of 27.87% over the previous year. As domestic economic growth increases, the demand for air travel by residents will continue to rise, and the Chinese Civil Aviation Authority will increase its policy support for civil aviation, especially low-cost aviation models that benefit more people.
In terms of total operating costs, the total company cost in 2018 was $12.510 billion, an increase of 20.36% over 2017, largely due to the rise in the price of aviation oil purchases in the first half of 2018. But excellent cost controls have allowed companies to have a higher combination of barriers to competition, deducting the cost of shipping oil, and a 1.3% reduction in the cost of operating their units of non-oil compared to the same period last year, while companies have focused on digital marketing and scientific management, which has resulted in only three unit sales and management costs for companies.
The cost of the company’s seat is 0.29, which is well below the industry’s average of 0.36, and effective cost-control guarantees a steady increase in profits while the public is competitive. As the leader of the airline, Spring and Fall, is deep on two or three or four routes, and although it can provide a passenger’s distance (ask) well below the old three, it can start from the same distance.
With the growth of China’s economy, high demand from low-consumption groups, and the use of Beijing’s Great Hing Airport and Chengdu Airport in 2019, we expect the ask of Spring and Fall Air to continue to rise, and the company’s strategy of selling thinly will result in large low-consumption passenger currents and robust growth in corporate revenue and profits.
In summary, in terms of profitability, we give a “a” rating. The industry averages, while both the mobility ratio and the speed ratio are double the industry average, reflecting the superior assets of spring and autumn aviation, whose liabilities are mainly short-term liabilities, with short-term borrowing of 2,603 million yuan as of the end of the first quarter of 2019.
Long-term borrowing of $3.380 billion, while companies have a monetary capital of $5.776 billion, can be said to be under a smaller debt service pressure in the short and medium term, with strong intra-industry performance and net debt ratios well below industry levels. Ebitda interest guarantee multipliers have also risen, mainly as a result of a significant rise in corporate profits, suggesting that companies are under-represented.
Based on this, we rate Spring and Fall Air “a” in capital use. Based on the industry characteristics of Spring and Fall, we have chosen six listed companies to compare them.
The rate of gross domestic product (Māori) for aviation, 9.68 per cent, was slightly lower than the industry average of 12.67 per cent, mainly because the company adjusted some of the airline prices in 2018, and the fare levels were significantly narrower than those of other shipping companies, resulting in a similar decline in the company’s seating rate. Nevertheless, Spring and Fall Aviation, as the leader of the airline, continued to perform significantly better than other companies, allowing higher fares to yield more than the losses caused by the drop in the guest rate.
Compared to the market rate (p/e), the market rate of 26.96 in Spring and Fall Aviation was slightly higher than the industry average of 26.15, while the net market rate was 3.06 and slightly higher than the industry average of 2.20, but given the company’s strong growth in revenue last year, we believe that the stock price of the company is currently on the table.
In summary, in terms of valuation, spring and fall aviation is rated as “a.” The amuhud liquidity indicator, which is widely used in the financial literature, uses daily turnover and returns.
The larger the number, the more liquid the stock is. According to the amuhud liquidity index, spring and fall Air’s equity liquidity index is 1.9, higher than the industry average of 1.6, and is close to the three major shipping liquidity levels, indicating a better stock liquidity between 31 May and 3 July.
As of the first quarter of 2019, there were no foreign institutional investors with the exception of Hong Kong Central Clearing House Ltd.
The sum of the shares in the h stock account traded on the company trading platform, including the stock exchange part, involves individual investors and overseas funds. It is important to note that in the last quarter, four companies, three of them foreign investors, Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, Morgan Chase Bank and the Silver Group, respectively, have withdrawn.
The four companies that entered at that time are Chinese enterprises. This suggests that Spring and Fall Aviation is on the move for foreign institutional investors, and therefore, in terms of institutional ownership, Spring and Fall Aviation is rated as “c.” Use this report.
If Chinese individual clients receive this report from any external source, they should not make investment decisions directly on the basis of the studies obtained; they need to consult fully with portfolio investment advisers to make independent investment decisions.