Hwang Moi (601238): Bong Moi is the host, and growth continues, and the two fields are stable.
Recently, the Volkswagen Group released its October 2023 Express: in October, car production was 238.253 vehicles, an increase of 1.46 per cent in the same year; in October, car sales were 224,449 vehicles, an increase of 5.65 per cent in the same year.
Group companies, China Mechanical Industries Group, etc., as a common locomotive, Eian's new vehicle style, have continued to grow with a high degree of gas autonomy: October with a large state-owned holdings set up by means of a co-sponsor.
The main activities include the sale of more than 14,000 vehicles in passenger cars, commercial mpv families (m8, m6, e9), a 95.6% increase in relation to the same year.
R & D, manufacturing, marketing and after-sale services for cars, motorcycles, parts and components of cars, and the import and export of automobile-related products continue to be sold in the tens of thousands over nine months. m8 and e9 (phev) combined are sold in the tens of thousands in October. m6 are sold in excess.
Trade, car rentals, second-hand cars, logistics, dismantling, capital 5,000, with a cumulative sales of 46,000 vehicles this year, an increase of 44.8 per cent compared with the previous year.
41,503 vehicles were sold, an increase of 38.05 per cent over the same period. The main vehicle, aiony, insurance and insurance brokers, equity investments, etc., aions, 11730. Eian's sales volume was 19.6 per cent lower in October, compared with the old and new aions\y.
Key issues for the next 3-6 months: Listed on 28th: New mpv (phev)e8 was released on 17th November.
Mac is on the market on October 27, and the aionyplus tidal version on November 17. The two main cars of Eyan are continuously boosting the available sales by changing their versions. The high-end brand of Eyan -  is issued with a cumulative order of over 30,000.
After the launch, the sales of the wide gas autonomous plate have continued to grow. Two-field sales have stabilized, accelerating the electric transition: 80,800 in October, with 52 weeks worth of shares.
It was the same year (3.75 per cent down in September). Among them, the sales of the main vehicle model were robust, with the sales of 17485, 20686, and 12991 in Veranda, and the sales of the three flagship vehicles (Kemmy, Landa and Sena) remained high at 42 per cent in October.
In October, Yakaku sold 15431 vehicles and 14027 vehicles. The two fields accelerated the electric transformation, of which Toyota launched the main vehicle on November 17th.
The new ninth-generation Camerrey, which will achieve a complete mix, and a complete upgrade of the motor system, will be launched. Meanwhile, the new energy brand, Toyota, and the first electric car under the flag, will be published 4x. The second, pure electric car, will be released on November 24th.
The firm’s profit forecasts and valuations: the company’s autonomous plates are on the way to recovery, the two fields still have a more competitive edge in technology, such as fuel and mixing, and we still look forward to the company’s medium- and long-term development.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the Bounty Group (601238): wide gas autonomy continues to grow, two fields are stable, the source of financial prosperity in the East continues to flourish.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Volkswagen Group (601238): The Volkswagen Autonomy continues to grow and the two fields are stable.
Li Jinchang, Master of Management, Nankai University, with many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, has been in the National Information Center, Great Wall Securities, to date in 2009. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.