Q3 self-operated, improved, completed the reassembly of Mitsubishi.
As co-sponsors, such as the Group of Companies, the China Mechanical Industries Group, and others, large State-owned holdings created by means of the initiative, increased sales and improved operations: according to the company ' s fast-marketing reports, the propriety of the air (wide gas multiplier)
The main operations include the sale of a total of 249,545 vehicles by passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles + EAAN, representing an increase of 41.1 per cent over the same period.
Sales and after-sale services, as well as imports and exports of automobile-related products, increased by 72.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis and 13.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Long, and at the same time, the scale effect is gradually becoming apparent, with the price of the raw material (lithium carbonate) folding batteries falling, autonomous regenerative sources, car credit, financial leasing, commercial factoring, insurance and insurance brokers, equity investments, etc.
8.5%) mainly due to a slight increase in the cost of sales. We make a net profit deduction for investment in the consolidated statements. Debts and cross-equity presentations: the business of the company's autonomous section of 2023q3 has improved significantly.
The path to a recovery of corporate autonomy has begun with the continued roll-out of sediments and new products and the scale effects of the growing EAA. The joint venture’s business performance has been constrained by increased competition in the industry: 2023q3 joint venture investment returns
52 weeks of stock price range ($) The decline in sales of Toyota and Toyota has been accompanied by a decline in average prices, which, according to the company, was reported in mid-2023, has a large stock/flowa share (thousands of shares)
In our view, the two fields have the advantage of hybrid technology, still have the advantage of branding, cost, and business management, and both are actively transforming the new energy vehicle sector and are expected to achieve steady growth in the future.
Completion of the Bandar Mitsubishi reorganization, 2024 young people in action: On 25 October 2023, the company issued a Bandar Mitsubishi Reorganization Proclamation covering, inter alia, the following transactions: 1) The company invests no more than 1,577 million yuan and the two shareholders together invest no less than the amount of the company ' s increased investment to clear the historical debts of the Bandar Mitsubishi.
2) The company will hold 100% of the stock in Mitsubishi at a cost of US$ 1 for Mitsubishi vehicles and Mitsubishi commercial holdings of 30% and 20%. 3) EAA can buy the Mitsubishi component of Hiromi (approximately US$ 442 million) and rent the property and plant in Mitsubishi. In our view, the restructuring program
The use of assets such as Mitsubishi’s land, equipment, etc., will be effectively utilized, while easing EA’s stressful performance will also be effective in preventing the continued loss of Bandar’s Mitsubishi, which will put the company in 2024 young. Corporate profitability forecasting and valuation: taking into account the one-time restructuring costs of Bandar’s Mitsubishi in 2023, we make a downgrade.
On the road to recovery, the two fields still have a strong competitive edge in fuel and hybrid technologies, and we still look at the company’s medium- and long-term development and maintain a “highly recommended” rating.
The price of raw materials is higher than expected.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that q3 self-employment has been improved to complete the reassembly of Mitsubishi.
Li Jinchang, Master of Management, Nankai University, with many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, has been in the National Information Center, Great Wall Securities, to date in 2009. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.