Three-quarterly review 2023: q3 performance meets expectations.
+72.6 per cent/+82 per cent for the same ring, 106.2 million for the same ring, 12.0 per cent/+1.7 per cent for the same ring. q3asp for the same ring, -18.3 per cent/-2.6 per cent for the same ring, the main reason for the decline in single-car revenue is the increase in EA sales.) Māori ratio:
This is due to the fact that the share of m8 sales is consistently lower than the cost of upgrading + the cost of a new car, Wu Ping, and batteries. 3) Cost utilization: q3 sales/management/research and development costs are 4.65/3.10/1.24 per cent, respectively, compared to the same increase in sales costs due to the increase in sales fees, post-sale insurance fees, etc.
Cost of services. 4) Investment returns: q3 wide-volume sales of 140.9 million, increased promotion inputs from the same ring ratio - wide and wide, net single-car profits declined and profit from the wide and large-car fleet of 0.48 million yuan (approximate investment returns/distributions), with the same ring ratio of -38.4 per cent/-27.6 per cent, respectively) was ultimately public.
▪ Autonomous energy eco-industry chain is closed and joint-venture brand electrical transformation is accelerating. 1) Autonomy.
The industrialization project + the creation of a shut-down of the energy industry chain for the improvement of the energy industry with a wide-voltage energy source, the 2023 Hyper brand, the monthly wholesale ring + 24%, the re-innovation of Eyan, the improvement of the structure of Eyan's products in the vehicle-based market, and the persistence of the "xev+icv" technology route.
The rate of transformation has accelerated. 2) Joint venture power transition has accelerated, and the product mix has continued to optimize.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company ' s parent net profit expectations for 2023-2025.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.