irities circular expressway (600233.sh) to steadily advance the strategic layout and may open a new round of price wars in the future
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average. On 19 January 2017, the National Gold Transport Group conducted a study of circular couriers and in-depth communication with the company ' s secretaries-general and agents, as summarized below;
The construction of the fleet is accompanied by market development: the company ' s revenue consists of a face-to-face fee (approximately 0.8-0.9 USD per unit), a transit fee (decided by weight and distance) and a delivery fee ($1-1.5 USD per unit); at present, based on the degree of competition in the market, the company will still give one to the consortium.
Subsidy is fixed, so the transit fee is negative. The company has launched the "Universal Entrepreneurship, Aggregation of the World" project, which aims to bring the terminal network down to sank communities by means of a mother's station, effectively addressing the last kilometre of express delivery, while at the same time facing the terminal client, introducing more business flows, and the terminal site can sell daily supplies.
In the trunk line, companies have been focusing on fleet construction to provide high-speed, high-efficiency speed 1. Strategic layouts are fast-tracked, with an increase of $8.5 billion in shipping services. But since the introduction of aircraft requires more than one-time procurement costs, follow-up maintenance and security
Maintenance also requires a lot of expenditure; so the fleet is not built as fast as it is, and it needs to be accompanied by the corresponding market. 2. " Performance is expected to be higher, the Māori rate is rising steadily - rounded up to absorb the costs. " The current company has five cargo planes, all of which are reloaded by passengers, and is expected to be ready by the end of 2017.
The size of the company's fleet will reach 11. 3. The CSRC has approved approvals for the achievement of private ownership, and the local area-based business package network explores diversified products: the company's product structure remains electrical.
Dominantly, about 70%, and about 15% for business. In the future, local networks will be more integrated than full web coverage, taking into account the distribution of business and cost control on the layout of the roll-out of Aidece and the New Sea.
Quite right. The big power provider will be a short-term development in diversified operations. The big power provider will need to do business with 5. Quicker speed and speed, with a greater margin of market value growth – the network and silos required by Da Yang match the company's available resources.
In the case of a zero-sum operation, because of the complexity and professionalism of the industry, the pre-investment and the length of the process, the acquisition of mature firms is either better or a new round of price wars is about to start: if future market growth starts to decline, design output is rich.
There's a risk of another price war. So whoever's got a good reserve in these two years will probably survive the price war. The company is in the input and nurturing phase, and the strategy needs to be one step at a time. This involves balancing capital spending with short-term gains.
Price declines are also shrinking, and companies are committed to managing cost-enhancing efficiencies, so in the future, at the operational level alone, it is expected that the revenues from the company's express delivery operations will continue to grow at a higher rate. But they are driving long-term strategic projects, Soo Bo-hung.
It takes a lot of capital spending, and it may drag short-term profits. So, in the short- and long-term, it is expected to grow significantly.
The industry is growing faster than expected, the industry is competitive, and so on. The terminal network is sunk in communities, and the fleet is built to accompany market growth.
Launched on March 23, 2016, the Great Yang Founder launched a shell restructuring plan, which was officially relisted on October 18th, as the first private delivery company to register a share in the country.
A round-trip business model is direct + union. General courier operations are divided into packages, transits, and dispatches, in which the packages and dispatches are performed by the federator and the transit centres are completed by the federated or battalion.
Business pays the company’s head office for face single fees (approximately 0.8-0.9 USD) / transit costs (by distance, weight)/distribution fees (approximately 1-1.5 USD) and the company’s head office pays the end-selling ally fees. According to business processes, head office income is mainly the (1) billing fee charged to allieds; (2) for use.
Transfer fees charged by the direct transit centre and the trunking network: (3) surrogate parties charge assignment fees (but do not contribute significantly to profits and Māori). ▪ From corporate income, single billing is on a downward trend, mainly due to the gradual replacement of electronic sheets
Paper sheets. The cost of electronic sheets is mainly for hand-held consumables such as printers, paper, ink, etc., and is lower, so the cost of unit-owned singles increases even when unit-only costs fall. The 2015 transit fee is mainly for the main line transport and sorting operations provided to allieds, the business.
The single Māori is negative and the loss increases every year. This is a subsidy that companies give to their allies, considering that they can stabilize their current municipal position in the current environment of intense market competition, and that companies usually also provide other forms of subsidies to their partners, such as balance funds, support fees, etc.
On May 19, 2016, the circular service officially launched the "Universal Entrepreneurship, Affiliation" project.
The project is intended to serve the community through the mother’s kiosks, and to provide courier services to partners such as chains, self-employed businesses, individual farmers’ grocery stores, disabled persons, laid-off workers, and university students. This model of association allows the company’s courier services to sink further into the community.
In the short term, the development of the express delivery cabinet is unclear, and the main problem now is the lack of business and profit model.
It is clear that the charges for the delivery cabinets, together with the day-to-day maintenance and maintenance costs, and the varying size of the packages, are now a problem in the development of the smart delivery cabinets. Team planning needs to be accompanied by market development.
In the fleet plan, aviation inputs are accompanied by product upgrades, more time-sensitive requirements, and more rapid delivery of product development to absorb significant associated costs.
There are now five corporate cargo aircraft, which are expected to reach 11 by the end of 2017, and the pace of inputs will depend on market development. The local area-type business package network will be set up, with a short-term view of large power providers developing space.
▪ The current company ' s express delivery operations still account for the main component of the power source, accounting for about 70 per cent of the total, with the remaining 30 per cent consisting of bulk and commercial items (approximately 15 per cent).
More and more concentrated (as in Shanghai to Beijing). So the local area network is more suitable for business than the full web layout, meeting both the considerations of timeliness and significant cost savings.
Similar to the network and the existing network of companies, it is cheaper to start a direct war, whether in terms of management costs or capital input. For zero-load operations, there is still a difference between the existing express delivery network and the need for more specialized management capacity, and if there is a need for rapid access to the market, the merger would be.
A new round of price wars is likely to take place in the future, and the market is still in a more demand-rich phase, with a sorting centre processing about three times the amount of design capacity. If future market growth starts to decline, design output is rich.
There's a risk of a price war again. So it's possible that whoever's got a good reserve for these two years now will be in a price war where companies are in the input and nurturing phase, and the strategy needs to be one step at a time. It's about capital spending and short-term returns. Market demand is still growing at a higher rate, and income-side express prices are falling.
It is also shrinking, and in recent years companies have been committed to managing cost-enhancing efficiency, so in the future, at the operational level alone, the benefits from the company’s courier operations are expected to remain high. But it will take a lot of capital spending to drive long-term strategic projects, which may drag short-term profitability.
Long-term strategic inputs require a reasonable balance between firms. Scores, and then averaged the final rating as average market investment. Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the firm’s fundamentals, judging the firm’s combined competitiveness over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.