The order was full and the ppp and the band were on their way to China, where they were evaluated in the first quarter of 2017.
The growth in operating income has remained stable and performance has continued to improve. The first quarter of 2017 recorded $82,699 million in operating income, an increase of 0.15 per cent over the same period in the previous year, which slowed down owing, on the one hand, to the larger base in the first quarter of 2016 and, on the other hand, to the impact of the macroeconomic situation, a percentage point, 0.82 percentage points, but a decrease in the financial cost rate of 0.46 percentage points.
The increase of $107 million over the same period is mainly due to the return of impairment losses of assets during the same period in 2016. The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies in the first quarter of 2017 rose by 36.22 per cent to $3,141 million.
The number of orders has grown steadily in recent years, with new contracts reaching $61,415 million, 38,565 million, 39,541 million and $32,064 million, respectively, for base construction, dredging and equipment manufacturing, respectively, benefiting from the “one-way” strategy and the ppp, and the growth of overseas operations. New contracts for overseas areas accounted for approximately the total number of new contracts signed by companies in 2016.
For 30.62 per cent, new contracts for construction overseas accounted for 92.00 per cent of all new overseas contracts. In the first quarter of 2017, the company signed new overseas orders amounting to $21,602 million, or 14.28 per cent of its total new contracts. In 2017, the company began to develop infrastructure investment projects, with new investment projects amounting to $21,602 million a quarter, or approximately 14.28 per cent of its new contracts, which helped to secure contracts.
Focusing on the “silk road” at sea, taking advantage of the opportunities of Fujian, Zhejiang, Liaoning and others in coastal construction, the company signed two new projects in Guangdong Province and one each in Guangxi, Fujian, Zhejiang Province in the first quarter of 2017. In 2017, the company expects the ppp project to reach 3.8 trillion yuan.
The extension of the ppp model to transport infrastructure will contribute significantly to the growth of corporate performance. \triangleright dollars, corresponding to 15, 12 and 10 times the dynamic pe, is based on the firm’s strong international convergence in the construction of transport infrastructure
Competing, sufficient orders to ensure a steady increase in performance, benefiting from a continuum and ppp policy, and maintaining a firm’s “very recommended” investment rating.
Figure 2: Change in the ratio of Chinese turn-in assets and liabilities, Figure 4: Change in cost during turn-in China ' s turn-in period, Figure 3: Change in net asset return for China ' s turn-in-transit quarter
Figure 5: One-quarter operating income from China, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East.
In 2008, the Central University of Finance and Economics entered the securities industry, with many years of experience in industrial research, and in 2011 with the Alliance Eun Hing securities, engaged in building materials and analyzing its own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies