New North Building (000786), 2016 Financial Reporting Review, New North Building, Business Income Growth, and Māori Rates are on the rise. It benefits from the fast growth of our cardboard market and the company’s advantages and confluence as a leader in business.
Together with competitiveness, the company achieved a gross operating income of $8.156 billion in 2016, an increase of 8.01%. Of this amount, the gypsum board achieved operating income of 72.27 million square metres, with the company ' s gypsum capacity at the end of 2016, accounting for 2,132 million square metres, the world ' s largest. In 2016, the skull achieved operating income of 609 million yuan, an increase of 16.52%. In the region, sales revenue for the western part of the company was 1,551 million yuan, an increase of 14.60 percentage points.
The company ' s Māori rate increased by 2.92 percentage points to 34.18 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of a 2.56 percentage point to 35.23 per cent increase in the māori turnover of the main commodity cast board, mainly due to a decline in paper protection and coal monolithic consumption. The company ' s cost rate increased slightly during the period, mainly as a result of an increase in administrative costs, management, mainly due to lower interest rates on the company ' s current borrowings and lower borrowings, resulting in lower interest-rate expenditures. The company ' s out-of-service expenditure as a result of total profits.
6.60 per cent is attributable mainly to payments by the company and its secondary subsidiary, Tarzan Paste Ltd., for lawyers ' fees and travel costs in the United States in relation to cast boards. In 2016, the Eastern source of financial and intellectual booms recorded a decrease of 33.43 per cent in off-the-shelf expenditures over the same period in the previous year, mainly due to the related reduction in the amount of court decisions, settlement fees, attorney fees, etc.
Net cash flows from fund-raising activities increased by 66.38 per cent over the same period in the previous year, mainly due to the increase in net corporate borrowings during the period and lower payments of interest payments by the public and subsidiary departments compared to the previous year. Monetary funds increased by 43 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, mainly because of the increase in timely and long-term borrowings resulting from the recovery of payments from the sale of products by companies.
Brand technology has a clear edge, driving up the construction of assembly. The company's brand is worth $40,528 million, ranking 75th out of China's 500 most valuable brands; for the sixth consecutive time, the company is in the top three of the Asian branding industry.
In 2016, the company won the highest award in Chinese industry, the China Industrial Award. The new North Ministry successfully developed “high power light board” new technologies, the Tarzan cast successfully developed “low-density gypsum” technologies and gradually spread them across the board.
Network International Exhibition Centre, Ali Baba's “Baby City” project in West Creek, Hangzhou, the Chengdu “Super Factory” project in Chengdu, the largest city in the world, cbd, etc. Landmarking projects such as Wuhancbd.
The Guardian's annual conference, “Green Marks 2016”, was awarded the “Green Development Model Business 2016.” The World Conference on Environmental (Economic and Environmental) “China's Best Practices for Green Enterprises” organized by the United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) was honoured. The company's transformation was upgraded to seek sustainable development. The company will increase its branding and marketing investment, working to move from public construction to housing, from hanging ceilings to walls, from cities to counties and towns, and capture the “Accompanied”
The company’s own brand of research and development will enable it to enter the foreign market successfully. It will actively promote assembly building materials such as gypsum walls, assembly wall ceilings, etc. Profit predictions and investment ratings. The company’s leading firm, as a gypsum board, has improved the layout of the country’s production lines, and sales networks are fully covered.
\triangleright to maintain a firm's “highly recommended” investment rating, taking into account the company's green development and environmental orientation, the direction of the assembly building, the internationalization perspective along the way, and the strong combination of strengths and competitiveness.
Figure 1: Change in Māori ratio of new materials in the North and Figure 2: Change in asset-liability ratio of new materials in the North
Figure 3: Change in net asset rate of return for the single quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the year
Figure 6: Net profits and growth rates in the first quarter of the new North
Master of Economics, Central University of Finance, 2008 in the securities industry, multi-year experience in industrial studies, 2011 in the Accompaniment of East Hing securities, winning fifth place in the Public Fund for Building Materials, Crystalball Awards.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.