New North Building (000786), Annual Report 2016 Review □ Retrieval of Warming, Māori Rate Increases, Mother Up
The company continued to focus on research and development and the diffusion of new technologies during the reporting period, with steady expenditure, with financial costs benefiting from optimized debt structure, reduced interest costs and a revenue ratio.
A significant decrease of 0.7 percentage points; management costs increased by 0.8 percentage points as a result of expenditure on research and development and labour costs. Moreover, the restructuring of the company reduced the rights of minority shareholders, resulting in better net return profits and asset structure and improved cost control.
The company, as the leader of the industry, has a 50% market share, further optimized its asset structure, including through restructuring, and clarified the location of its products and its long-term development strategy. During the reporting period, the company completed a 35% ownership acquisition of Tarzan.
With the completion of the group, the former Tarzan gypsum management held 11.37% of the company’s shareholdings, contributing to the strengthening of synergies between the two major glycerine operations, North Shining and Tarzan. At the same time, further streamlining of the tiers, the withdrawal of the regional level 2 aircraft, and the optimization of the management structure are expected to enhance cost-control capacity in the future.
□ R & D adds up, channels sink, and double-drives profit growth. Currently, the company is making further profit growth through a variety of strategies. 16 years of company R & D fees are being realized through poor targeting of the Dragon (high end) and Tarzan (low-middle-low-end) gypsum boards.
At $216 million, or 2.65 per cent of total revenues, the same year it increased by 0.85 percentage points.
Realization of the cost of scale effects. □ Good demand prospects, expansion of markets, lower penetration of the domestic cardboard market and higher future demand potential in the short term, compared with the countries of Europe and the United States.
Intra-demand side benefits mainly from higher expectations in the post-natal cycle and in the marketing of 3-line cities in January-February 17, 17 years. Over the long term, demand side support comes mainly from assembly building policy plus, new urbanization and new rural build-up, and continuous stock de-development of 3-line stock.
For use in public and commercial decorations and dock decorations, the gypsum sheet is expected to break through the market for safe houses, wall decorations, taking into account the expectations of the “13th Five” environment and rising consumption. During the reporting period, the company's camp recovered, the price increased steadily, the three fees were well regulated, and after the acquisition of a few shares,
In the short term, the need for gypsum plates is underpinned by the postnatal cycle of the ground, and by the higher expectations of sales in January/February in the city’s third and fourth-line city. In the long run, the company, as the leader of the gypsum industry, is enjoying the dividends of a tightening of environmental conservation and energy policies, an upgrading of decorative consumption, the expansion of assembly-style construction and new urbanization.
The market benchmark index is 300 indexes. I am qualified to practice portfolio investment advice by the Chinese Securities Association, have a hard-working professional attitude, have a professional prudential research methodology, and use legal matches.
The information and comments contained in the report are for information purposes only. This report has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.