The Bank of Jiangsu is located in a well-developed, long-triangular area, operating in the province, with a service network with three major economic circles: the Triad, the Pearl Triangle, and the Rim Sea, which has achieved full coverage in the county of Jiangsu.
The development of retail and micro-businesses is evident in improved profitability in the context of better financing structures and improved interest differentials. Thanks to regional economic advantages and improved wind control, companies perform better in terms of quality of assets, optimize the finance structure, and save space for restoration.
The Bank of Jiangsu was established in 2007 by 10 municipal banks and is the only provincial local corporate bank in Jiangsu province. By the end of the quarter, the company’s total assets amounted to $2 trillion, after the Bank of Beijing and the Bank of Shanghai, the third largest comptoir in the city.
The company maintains a market position in Jiangsu province, with 33,000 loan clients in late 2018 and a loan balance of $363.5 billion.
The balance of $10 million in credit for inclusive micro-enterprises is 54.6 billion dollars, and the two-in-one balance is being achieved. The cost structure is optimized to promote an improvement in the interest differentials. The marketization of corporate liabilities is relatively high, with debt-end cost pressures reduced in 2017 in a broad-currency environment, while the company optimizes the settlement of its capital liabilities.
With higher growth in debt-end deposits and higher share of debt; faster growth in asset-end micro- and consumer loans, higher returns on loans, combined contribution to improved interest differentials, one season, maintenance of relative lows and optimization of the finance structure, we believe that the net balance of corporate interest is expected to improve further.
The asset quality performance has improved and the risk offset capacity has improved. Companies have had a negative rate of 1.39 per cent in the first quarter, which is good. At the end of 18 years, the rate of late lending was only 1.59 per cent.
Capacity is growing. In the context of improved asset quality, the company ' s provision base has increased, with one quarterly provision for Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. with qualification for portfolio investment consultancy.
The economic downturn is over-expected, financial regulation is over-expected.