High performance calculations, high growth in smart terminal operations, q2 performance seasons, events: the company issued a 25-year mid-point report, achieved 83,339 million gross operating income in the first half of 25 years, combined in multiple areas such as high performance calculations, smart terminals, and high performance growth in the first half of the year.
Sq2 achieved operating income of 48.942 billion yuan in the first quarter, an increase of 111.24 per cent in the same year; net profit of 10.47 billion yuan in the same year, an increase of 52.70 per cent in the same year; net profit of 749 million yuan in the non-return to the mother, an increase in the same year; rapid growth in the industry; and a rising industry landscape.
Capable of calculating/intelligent terminal/alot and other/other business/car and industrial products, mainly benefits from increased demand with downstream domestic head Internet producers, companies as core suppliers, and product scale.
The Division has entered into the supply of a number of well-known brand manufacturers in the areas of smart watches, smart handrings, wireless headphones, etc., with the total stock/flow (billion shares) in line with the rapid growth in the volume of smart-dressed products, which has dominated the industry.
The overall market value/flow (millions of yuan) strategic upgrades of the “3+n+3” and the “china+vmi” global supply chain built the protected river. Companies completed the strategic upgrade of the “3+n+3” smart products platform to build smartphones and personal computers
And data centre operations are three core mature operations, deriving a multi-product mix of intelligent life, commercial word productivity, and data centre-wide solutions, while actively expanding the three emerging areas of car electronics, software, and robotics. The company relies on the geographical areas of Togashi and Nanchang in the country.
< [Multi-business line resonance growth, smart product platform advantage, mature industrial chain clustering,] established large-scale R & D, manufacturing and supply-based enterprises in two locations > --2025-07-01
The chain center provides efficient and agile end-to-end services to clients. Overseas in Vmi Vietnam, Mexico, < < Data+Intelligent Terminal Drive < < < < < < > , q1 performed ahead of schedule.
Long-term growth >--2025-06-07 Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.