Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 2 August 2025, Chinese technology announcement, semi-annual report 2025, which the company achieved in the first half of the year, should have earned 48.942 billion yuan in operating income for the first quarter of 2q25, an increase of 111.24 per cent over the previous quarter, and an increase in the ring.
In the first half of 2025, the Chinese technology co-operated with 3+n+3 diversified product layouts, with multiple surprises, and built up robust product line arrays, with high growth in all lines of operation.
Smart terminal operations, with 26.802 billion yuan in revenue in the first half of the year, an increase of 116.44 per cent. Smart wears, and the volume of product shipments is growing rapidly, leading the industry. The company wears a product research and development team, with extensive experience in motor health function design development and algorithms, and with building cross-platforms.
With the development of the ai function, the spatial computing function, there will be a better user experience with the combination of smart cross-equipment to wear the product, and the volume of goods delivered is expected to continue to grow. As industry leaders, the company’s high-quality customer resources and technological leadership will help.
In the area of personal computers, the company has established good cooperative relationships with well-known brand clients, both domestic and foreign, with a steady diversification of the client base and a growing market share, and has achieved a full-scale mix of personal electrical and brain products, including laptops, one-stop machines, desktops and computer peripherals.
The ecological maturity of aipc software and hardware, the annual increase in aipc penetration rate, and the competitiveness of products and services brought about by companies ' combined capacity for hardware and software will increase, leading to sustained performance growth.
In the area of flat-plate computers, companies have synergies with smart-phone operations in terms of customers, processes and supply chains and are now entering the international front-line brand supply chain, the global headline firm in the flat-plate odm domain.
In the area of data product operations, corporate data product operations, which provide universal servers, storage servers, ai servers, switchboard full-store product combinations, have grown together with several nationally known cloud plants.
Businesses have established close partnerships and become core suppliers. Alot achieved revenue of $3.315 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 79.89 per cent over the same period. Corporate design 2.2+n+3 strategy is on track, with overall rapid performance.
The company produces new and emerging smart hardware products such as smart households, xr, games products, and achieves research and development and mass delivery of mainstream global customer programs for xr products. In the field of smart households, the company creates smart product platforms.
The production of audio products, home-controlled products, ipcamera, etc., is delivered in volume and contributes to sustainable growth. Automobile e-business, which generated revenues of $1.04 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 62.49%.
On the other hand, the company has made breakthroughs in the three business modules of smart cabins, display screens, and intellectuals, and has successfully delivered its first full-time products. On the client side, it has completed a breakthrough with the new powerful car company outside the traditional brand mainframe.
The jdm model, as well as the cm model for pure manufacturing, has been recognized and confirmed by clients and has gradually developed a scale effect. Market demand has fallen short of expectations; customer expansion has fallen short of expectations; industry has become too competitive; i server progress has been made
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using information of legal compliance, and are based on publicly available information on the market, without any personal assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.