Huaqiao Technology (603296.sh) Income grew 113 per cent in the first half of the year and data product operations increased exponentially huhui2@guosen.com.cn
The second quarter saw an increase of 111 per cent in business income and 52 per cent in net profit returns. The company ' s revenue from 2025 is 48.942 billion yuan (Yoy11.24 per cent, qoq39.84 per cent) and the mother ' s net profit is 1,047 million yuan (Yoy).
zhangdawei1@guosen.com.cn smart terminal operations continue to expand, and smartphones and clothing are increasing.
The company has become an important supplier to a number of well-known domestic and foreign terminal manufacturers, and is a global leader in the field of smart cellular odm. In the area of smart clothing, the company has entered the ranks of suppliers in the field of smart watches, smart handrings, wireless headphones, etc.
In the area of personal computers, the company has established a good partnership with well-known brand clients at home and abroad, with laptops in the first half of the year.
In the area of flat-plate computers, companies have entered the international front-line brand supply chain and are global leaders in the field of flat-plate odm. In the area of alot, research and development and mass delivery of mainstream global clients of xr products have been achieved in the first half of the year.
52 weeks of maximum/minimum price Multi-fold increase in data product operations to become a core supplier of head cloud plants in the country. Companies have developed a strong R & D capability and production manufacturing level in the server odm area, with income from data product operations realized in the first half of the year
The company has been able to provide a universal/storage/ai server, a full-store mix of switchboard products, and has established close cooperation with and become a core supplier to several well-known national cloud producers. Automobile electronics and industrial products have broken through, and multi-product products have been successfully delivered.
In the area of industrial products, the first half of the year saw the delivery of industrial goods and equipment products to overseas customers.
Investment proposal: maintain a "better than the big market" rating. We look forward to the growth opportunities that companies, as global odm champions, artificial intelligence age, have for ai servers/phones/pc/aiot, etc., expected 2025-2027.
Figure 2: Quarterly operating income of the company and rate of increase (billion yuan, %) Figure 3: Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quantity
Figure 5: Sub-products of companies as a percentage of GDP (%) Figure 6: Sub-products of companies as a percentage of Māori (%) Figure 8: Corporate Māori, Net Interest Rates, Cost Rates (%)
Figure 9: Quarterly cost rates for companies Figure 10: Quarterly Māori rates, net interest rates, cost rates (%)
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author