Falling production recovery cost rates and significant improvement in performance — Shandong Gold (600547.sh) incident assessment report
50,306 million yuan, an increase of 16,371 million yuan, an increase of 48.24 per cent; net return to the mother of 1,246 million yuan, an increase of 1,440 million yuan, a significant increase in the value of the minerals, after deducting the non-recurrent increase in the value of the minerals, and the overall increase in the grade of the minerals selected.
The company produced 38.67 tons of mineral gold in 2022, up from 2021 in the same year; mountain production was quickly restored and high-grade resources were used efficiently; open-air mines were selected at 0.74 g/t, a decrease of 0.03 g/t in the same year.
3.89 per cent, mainly due to lower unit costs and lower cost rates of the Xinjiang gold mining and the Beiradro gold mining in Argentina.
For $222.2/g, a decrease of approximately $42.5/g over 2021, the combined cost rate of sales plus management plus finance decreased in 2022 in respect of the cost of mineral gold, mainly due to a reduction in the amortization of intangible assets during the reporting period.
▪ Significant recovery, expansion and success of new projects in the area of major gold mining, with an increase of 5.48 tons in 2022, or 10.04 tons in 2022, or 5.48 tons in the same year; an increase of 3.47 tons in the amount of New Town gold; and an increase of 3.47 tons in the same year.
The gold mine, which is 5.46 tons of minerals, grew by 2.79 tons in the same year, has resumed production since 2022. The Pun Lei mine resumed production at the end of April 2022.
Mining permits and safe production permits were resumed in January 2023. The Linglong mine area of the Linglong gold mine, which was granted a renewed mining licence in December 2022, is still in the process of obtaining a safe production permit and has not resumed work.
For other projects, the pre-programming process for an expansion of 2,000 tons per day has progressed well. The Namutini Mining Project of Katino Resources, Ghana, has completed the signing of the first phase of the contract for the construction of the plant ' s pcm master contract, as well as part thereof.
Long-cycle equipment orders, pre-plan works are under way, tender documents for mining works have been issued, and work on mine support works, such as camps, water collection facilities, safety fences, power lines and tailings deposits, is well under way.
1) The company’s capacity has grown less than expected; 2) the company’s cost of gold ore has risen significantly; 3) the Fed’s interest increase has exceeded expectations; 4) the company’s performance has fallen short of expectations.
Maestro, Business Strategy and six years of new energy research experience: Duffy: a member of the Central Carbon Research Group, Bachelor of Science, Nakayama University, Master of Science, Chinese University of Hong Kong, three years of major commodity research experience, responsible for research on colour and new materials.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.