Company review report  Production recovery in the non-ferrous metals industry  Production recovery loss, inside and outside extension Shandong gold (60547.sh)
Mineral production has recovered and profitability has increased significantly. During the reporting period, the company recovered production, producing 38.673 tons of mineral gold in 2022.
Back to the top, the production of the seven mines under the flag has reached a new high, of which the annual gold production of the Jiao gold mine has surpassed 10 tons, making it the first gold-producing mine in the country. The gold mines of the company have recovered rapidly, high-grade resources have been used efficiently, and the company's original mineral selections in 2022 have risen to the same level.
The annual average national gold spot price rose by 4.72 per cent to $391.98 per g, increasing the company's mineral gold by 56.52 per cent to $169.89 per ton per ton per ton, significantly improving profitability, and drawing on the continued mining licence of the Linglong mine area of the lymph mine at the end of 2022, which is currently under way.
The safe production licence, estimated to have been resumed in 2023, and a renewed mining licence and a safe production permit for the eastern wind mining area, obtained in December 2022, will produce not less than 39.641 tons of gold in January 2023.
The company plans to transfer the 20.93 per cent share of silver and Thai gold to become shareholders in silver and Thai gold, which has 173.9 tons of gold and 7.06 tons of mineral gold produced in 2022.
In addition, the company ' s shareholder, the Shandong Gold Group, still owns gold mine assets and, in order to avoid competition among its partners, the group undertook to inject gold business assets into the public company before 10 November 2025, subject to the conditions.
Investment proposals: US inflation continues to drop, US recession risks are increased by the banking crisis, US Federal Reserve interest rate hikes are coming to an end, market interest rates are expected to warm, and gold prices are expected to enter a new upward cycle. Companies, as domestic gold leaders, are rapidly recovering, and mineral gold production is functioning.
With a significant increase in future mineral wealth due to internal growth, the performance will benefit from higher gold prices and higher production expectations; (4) a higher dollar index; and (5) a sharp fall in gold prices. In 2021, she became a member of the Galaxy Securities Institute, which conducts research in the non-ferrous metals sector.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.