China’s “core + long-term” double buy-backs, creating long-term incentives, and China’s security as a means of strengthening internal incentives, increasing core staff retention over time, and proposing a core stock-holding plan
The company’s performance continued to be strong, the life-risk industry continued to be the main source of operating profits, and the combined business represented a combination of financial capabilities. Enhancing internal incentives and increasing the long-term retention of core talent was announced by the company on 1 March, according to the company’s announcement, 2/24-28.
The annual long-term service plan (hereinafter referred to as the long-term plan), which buys shares in a company, totals $4.6 billion. The core plan buys 7.96 million shares in a total amount of $638 million; the long-term plan buys 49.76 million shares in a total amount of $3.989 billion.
The duration is 10 years (6 years for the core plan) and is longer than the duration of the core plan.
Corporate performance continued to be strong, and life-risk operations continued to be the backbone of operating profits. Corporate performance continued to be strong with a 25.5% compound growth rate since 2004.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 18.1 per cent over the same period, continued to be the backbone of operating profits in life insurance operations, accounting for 66.2 per cent of operating profits in 19 and 15.7 per cent of operating profits in treasury operations.
Integrated ecclesiasticals. Inter-group insurance, trust, securities and leasing subsidiaries provide a package of financial services to the enterprise, using a consolidated account to provide investment operations, including but not limited to credit, claims, non-bids, bonds, etc. 19-year-old annual report discloses the performance of the business for the first time and promotes the scale of financing.
The company’s core management team is stable and performing robustly. The bonus + employee share buy-back + long-term service programs help promote corporate win-wins in the short term. The insurance industry is currently in the pressure phase under the build-up pressure + interest rates, resulting from the company’s continuously strengthened channel capacity + client transformation + governance optimization
Medium- and long-term investment value. Early deployment of ecospheres, such as integrated finance, science and technology finance, long-term stability, and good management team manufacturing of the “Riv of the City”, company pev in 2020, at the bottom of the valuation, has a configuration value.
▪ Insurance premiums for guaranteed insurance products have increased at a slower rate than expected; the impact of market fluctuations on industry performance and valuation of the double Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Limited; uncertainty about investment in risk companies as a result of lower interest rates; and continuing uncertainty about the epidemic.
Qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, Lan Xiao Fei.