Corporate review — non-bank finance sector 21 February 2020 Life insurance transition deepened and new business values increased robustly
Peace China (601318.sh) Wuping issued its annual financial report for 2019.
1. Improved revenue + tax relief aid performance, with a steady increase in value and residual margins
2. High-value operations are active to raise the value of new operations, life and health insurance nbv is growing robustly, high-value operations are increasing continuously nbvm, contributing to robust nbv is growing robustly. In 2019, new corporate life and health insurance operations were valued at $75.945 billion, an increase of 5.1 per cent, compared with the new policy size premium of $17.624 billion.
In 2019, the company ' s long-term insurance model informed the preparation of this report.
The first-year premium was 129.7%, a decrease of 1.54 percentage points in the same year; a combination of guaranteed savings products with long-term exposures was 7.38%, an increase of 1.72 percentage points in the same year. Companies built on the “products plus” strategy to build multilayered product systems, promote the development of guaranteed, long-term savings products, and support the steady growth of high-value operations.
Long. With regard to guaranteed products, the life-saving risk group develops a more comprehensive package of guaranteed products, upgrades existing flagship products, marketed new heavy-health products, develops new products of the unexpected type, and uses the “exclusive product plus service” model for the market sub-markets, and introduces customized products for specific groups of people to match their clients' well-being.
In the case of long-term savings-based products, life-saving insurance increases product development and long-term pay-offs. The agency has improved its quality. By the end of 2019, the company had a monthly average of 1.2 million agents, year-on-year.
Initial decline of 9.1 per cent; new business value per capita is $56,791 per annum, an increase of 16.4 per cent compared with the previous year; the company continues to strengthen proxy selection, strict enforcement of clearance mechanisms, and speed up the application of science and technology in areas such as staff growth, training, customer development, etc., while upgrading the basic management practices of agents to attract high-quality talent.
The Alliance, in turn, has achieved qualitative human development. (3) The profits of safe production insurance operations have increased by 9.5 per cent from 2019, when the insurance premium of the company ' s property insurance operations was 27.930 billion yuan, a rise of 9.5 per cent.
Insurance income from non-car insurance operations was 63.703 million yuan, an increase of 13.3 per cent from the same year: contingency and health insurance income was 12.12 billion yuan, an increase of 36.4 per cent from the same year, as a result of the increase in total investment returns driven by the continued warmth of the capital market, and lower processing rates, resulting in lower income tax and safe production insurance.
The profit was $20,952 million, an increase of 70.7 per cent over the previous year. With good corporate management and risk screening, the overall business quality of EPP remains excellent, and the insured continues to be profitable. In 2019, the SIP combined cost rate was 96.4 per cent, an increase of 0.4 percentage points over the previous year, consistently higher than the industry level.
4) The return on total investment benefits from the return on capital markets, which has led to a significant improvement in corporate investment returns. In 2019, companies achieved an annualized net return on investment of 5.2 per cent, the same rate as in the previous year: annualized total investment returns of 6.9 per cent, an increase of 3.2 percentage points.
Opportunities, and dynamic adjustments in equity asset allocation, increased long-term equity investment, reduced equity market volatility 5) smooth bank performance, deep transformation of retail operations, sustained improvement in asset quality
This represents an increase of 18.2 per cent; net profit of $28.195 billion, or 13.6 per cent, represents a difference of 2.62 per cent and an increase of 0.27 percentage points in the same year. The share of personal business has increased as a result of the retail transition. In 2019, the net profit and operating income of the Safe Bank grew by 29.2 per cent and net profit by 13.8 per cent, or 58.0 per cent and 69.1 per cent, respectively, respectively.
At the end of the day, the Sino-Safe Bank default rate, the interest ratio, the loan ratio of more than 60 days and the 90-day delay in lending, actively embraced financial science and technology to lead business change and good business quality. Firm price shifts, faster high-value business transformation, higher value rates of new business and robust value growth.
Risks of moving down long-end interest rate curves, less than expected sales of insurance products under the new crown epidemic