The sharp fall in the price of coal caused by a two-quarter delay and a high cost event: On August 8, 2023, the semi-annual report was published in Shanxi Coal, and the company experienced a decline in its performance in the first half of 2023 due to factors such as the decline in the price of coal, but the Māori rate remained high.
The average value of coal in the first half of 2023 was $1743.08 per ton, down 7.73 per cent from the same period as last year. According to the average price of the main coal in Shanxi, the average price of coal in Xinhua Mountains fell by 19.72 per cent.
In the first half of 2023, the average price was $1895.57 per ton, down 25.58% from the same period last year. Companies controlled cost spending while at the same time controlling production organization, optimizing product structure and effectively reducing the impact of coal prices on company performance and profitability.
The company achieved 6.89 million tons of coal in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 9.71 per cent from 6.28 million tons in the previous quarter. It is a matter of concern that the company ' s 2022 ton of coal is $865, with a Māori ratio that benefits from the demand elasticity brought by economic recovery and the restoration of the property chain, superstitious supply, and cokering coal.
On July 24, the Central Political Office met to propose a timely adjustment to optimize real estate policies, with the city using a good policy toolbox, the property chain expected to be repaired, and the demand for coal burnt or sustained. We believe that the recovery of the economy will be improved and the property chain restored.
It is expected that the tarp is either more resilient in the property chain. On the one hand, our coal supply is almost inelastic, and even more shrunk, while demand is flexible and carries a large margin of expectation, with long-term demand and supply still tight, especially with high-quality steel shifts.
High-quality primary coal cokers or more scarce in the context of typologic development and high-voltaicization; on the other hand, the expected short-term marginality of supply and demand, such as increased security regulation at the end of the production zone, and economic stimulus policies such as real estate.
It's expected that the coal market will continue to grow stronger, and that the whole of the coal plate will be undervalued.
High-quality resource endowments provide a significant cost advantage, and coal owners are more resilient and resilient.
According to a tracking rating report disclosed in June, in the first quarter of 2023, the cost of other costs (including security costs, maintenance of an alley, resource costs, environmental restoration costs) was covered by the Department.
The impact of the decline is that the cost of coal production is $218.20 per ton, a decline of 16.12 per cent compared to 228.72 yuan per ton in 2022. It is worth noting that the coal-producing mines in Shanxi are located at the Jin-ming base of the country's large coal planning base, with abundant coal-based coker resources rich in cokers, coal-rich, coal-fertilized, and so on.
Qualitatively scarce coal species, with the advantages of low ash, low sulfur, good focal points, etc., are better suited to the new trends in the future of large-scale furnaces and the transformation of the steel industry, and when economic recovery brings about a favourable climate in the coal industry, corporate coal-fired products may have greater price elasticity and resilience.
The Three-Step Strategy is on the rise, and good-quality assets are injected or still available. At a workshop in the second half of 2020, the Coal Group proposed a strategic plan for three-three-three-three-steps, 2022 being the year of the first stage of the three-step strategy’s success, during which companies acquired Chinese coal during the year.
51% equity and 49% shareholding in the Ming Jue coal industry, with four mines with a total capacity of 11.1 million tonnes/year, the company is not yet fully operational, and the company expects to be able to reach production by 2024, which will result in further releases. 2023 is the second “three-step” strategic revitalization.
At the beginning of the period of rise, in 2022, the company once again mentioned its commitment to the development path of the strong coal industry, the acceleration of the merger of the advanced coal production capacity, the use of capital market financing and resource allocation as two basic functions. We expect that the company will continue to promote the merger of coal production capacity.
Strategy, by the end of 2022, the group had 176 million tons of coal production capacity, the group still had a large number of outstanding assets on the market, and the restructuring of corporate coal resources was expected to continue.
Empirical growth from high-quality coal asset injections, strong endogenous dynamics from efficient operations and future growth periods Risk factors: severe macroeconomic downturns leading to a sharp fall in coal prices and uncertainty in industrial policies
Member of the Committee of Experts on Operational Audit, of the China Society of Geological Minerals and Economics, and of the pool of experts of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation, who served as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the Chinese Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), and who worked on research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields for more than 10 years.
V. National research on coal survey and development planning, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice; June 2016, China joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector. From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunzhi, cfa, member of China's Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and Master of Financial Sciences, Nanjing University, who was formerly a Master of Financial Sciences
Research on large energy panels, such as electricity and natural gas. High-level, Ph.D. in Mining, China University of Mines (Beijing), Senior Engineer, former Minister of Investment and Management of Secondary Enterprises of the China Coal Industry Group, who worked on coal mines for many years, in technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, 2022
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June of that year for research in the coal industry. Qin Ho, a master ' s degree in electricity systems at Austin University, Texas, United States, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity market transformation, in virtual power plant applications and in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector.
In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, where he studied the coal and electricity sectors. Wu Bo-Jing, a Master of Industrial Economics from Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, where he studied the coal sector.
Lee-Swie, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in September 2022, working in the coal industry. Tang Jiayyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal industry. The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.