The Sini Sanctuary's Cycling Coal (000983.sz) Cycling Coal.
The ratio of coal to coal is still high, and asset injection will contribute to the growth of power. Market data: Downstream demand for coal in the first half of 2023, price recovery, coal plate collection and Māori decline 2023.
\triangleright has been affected by downstream consumption in the first half of the year, such as property, and the price of coal has been revised back to back.
The main coal coke price averaged $2242.60 per ton, a change of 27.09 per cent; Xinhua Mount West Coal Price Index, a decline of 14.95 per cent in the ring ratio; company-owned coal production sales, with performance influenced by the price of coke; reduced Māori rates for coke operations; electricity benefits from higher Māori rates for lower costs.
High rates of industry start-up fluctuated, but downstream demand averaged, and coke prices generally rebounded and Māori fell; however, high power coal prices rebounded, fire power benefited from lower costs and Māori increased. Corporate coke, power plate revenues were $5.218 billion and $3.537 billion, respectively; the same ratio changed by 18.32 per cent and 18.32 per cent, respectively.
Liu Gui Jun, same year-43.49%. Mainly due to the second quarter ' s recovery in the prices of the U.S. Coal, the average price of the main coal in the second quarter was 1960.16 yuan/tonne, a change of 39.05%; the price index of the Xinhua Coal Association averaged 1645 yuan/tonne.
The double-focal price rebound since the third quarter, with expected growth in the second half of the year; there is still room for growth in the external growth of the \triangleright division with the size of the group’s capacity. With the marginal improvement of property policies, such as the remodelling of the city’s central village, July
The price of initial coal has rebounded, with the main price of coal in the port of Kyun Tang for three quarters to date amounted to $2,000 per ton, an increase of 2.03 per cent over the second quarter; at the same time, the United States dollar is nearing the end of the second quarter, overseas demand is expected to recover, international coal prices rebound, domestic and foreign trade prices are low or even flat, and the next half of the year is projected to increase the price of coal imports.
In addition, by the end of 2022, the company’s controlling shareholder Shanxi Coal Group had an authorized coal production capacity of 176 million tons, 182 million tons in 2022, and the coal production capacity was among the highest in the country, with high-quality coal mine assets, and with high-quality development in Shanxi Province.
\triangleright does not increase as fast as expected; coal prices are higher than expected downside risks; and production productivity risks;
Reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, nor will it be recommended specifically in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.