The performance met expectations, and the marginal improvement in the price of coal was followed by a fall in the price of \triangleright and a fall in the price of coal for sale.
\triangleright Rough Coal Coal Prices Falled, The average Coal Prices of Main Coal Coals in Kyoutong Hill fell by 27.09% to 2243 ton compared to the same period in the previous year, and the Co-ordinators of Coal Coals also revised the prices down by 300-500 ton in early June.
More than 80% of the product is owned by the Association, while the rest are off-the-shelf, with the agreement of the President and a substantial downturn in the spot or sale to the company, but with limited overall impact due to the high proportion and stability of the Association. According to the company, six months ago, 23h1 companies owned the Trenching Energy Company (90% shareholding) with a reduced net profit on the parent.
Coal production by the company s01052111009 23h1 (mainly from ravine mines) was converted from spot coal in the same period of the previous year to coal insure, and the high spot price of 22h1 power coal resulted in a significant drop in the price of coal sales by the company, resulting in a negative impact on the company ' s performance.
Short-term refill demand plus property easing is expected to reverse the price of coal. As a result of prior industry chains going to the bank, the price of coal has recently rebounded with the demand of the refill, and the Central Political Bureau on July 24 may face rough steel controls, but the cost of steel is higher and the value of the steel is lower, and I will be the one who will be the one who's going to lose it.
The 23-year-old season reviews: high dividends, high-quality assets expected to reduce demand for and production of scrap steel in the second half of the year, correspondingly higher yields of iron and iron, and future growth of coal demand - 2023/04/25
We believe that the subsequent price of coal is likely to rebound. Because of the delay in adjusting the price of coal, the performance of Shanxi coal (000983.sz) in 2022 forecasted that the restoration of the property chain is on the upward cycle and that the price of the company ' s coal Chair in 2024 is expected to rise.
\triangleright 3. Three-quarterly report point in 2022 on mountain coal (000983.sz): high performance, focus on 22q4 price repairs and asset notes
The company acquired the water and coal industry in 2020 and the coal industry in 2022, which involved 11.9 million tonnes/year of coal production.
The company's controlling shareholder, Sanxi Coal Group, now has 151 coal mines and, by the end of 2022, had an authorized production of the original coal.
With a capacity of 176 million tonnes/year, the listed company still has about 89 million tonnes of coal production in vitro, and according to the group plan, coal assets are injected into coal in the mountains, and there is still much room for the injection of corporate assets.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.