We're going to be able to move up the country, and we're going to have a lot of stuff together.
The core monolithic performance has gone hand in hand, and the city's share has continued to rise.
Biosilent beverages, which will further expand the energy beverages base plate in the future; other beverages (electrolytic beverages, tea beverages, pre-suppliers, coffee, etc.), which are growing well, have been collected throughout the 23-year period at $914 million, an increase of 186.65 per cent over the previous year, with an increase of 4.37 ptt to 4.37 pt to 4.37 per cent over the previous year.
According to the data, in 2023, the sales and sales of Dong Pengte in China's energy beverages market rose by 6.32 pct, 4.32 pct to 43.02% and 30.94%, respectively, ranking as the second highest in the industry. We believe that the company has now successfully constructed energy beverages as its number one.
The development curve, with diversified beverage products as a strategic framework for the second development curve, is focused on the creation of multi-type matrices, moving steadily from a single to a multi-species complex of beverage groups, and continuing to deepen the country's development through a variety of channels. This was achieved in 2023 in the Guangdong market.
In the last year, equities compared to the depth of 300 in the Guangdong metropolitan area, and the national region increased the overall marketing and coverage of products by accelerating the expansion of the terminal point.
2981 distributors, 100 per cent coverage at the local level, and the number of active distribution terminals nationwide in 23 years. The number of outlets has increased from more than 3 million to more than 3.4 million, representing an increase of 13.4 per cent.
Exploration of catering channels and cross-border cooperation to explore innovative marketing models that promote a variety of types of marketing patterns along the top lines of Xiatung, Kyushu. The Māori rate increased by 0.74 pct to 43.07% over the reporting period, mainly in polyester cut.
Prices of raw materials, such as tablets and boxes, have declined. In terms of cost, the cost of the 2023 sale period is 34.94 per cent, mainly due to the company's efforts to promote the nationalization strategy and to further expand sales.
The company’s supply base for national pipeline construction and terminal expansion has steadily advanced in recent years, increasing its annual design capacity from 2.8 million tons to 3.35 million tons with the successive production of the Chinese and Chinese Changsha bases.
The distributional process of the country's production capacity will not only ease the pressure on production, but will also further increase the turnover of products and lower transport costs, increase the synergy of production and marketing, guarantee the continued growth of the market for the company's Dom Punte drinking city, and actively foster and build on a strong energy drink.
Developing a diversified product matrix, actively strengthening the traditional channels of the national market, further increasing the overall marketing and coverage of products, sustaining consumer trust and buy-back through a multi-dimensional approach on-line. Companies are gradually moving from monolithic to multi-grade comprehensive beverages.
The group has been growing steadily, and as the growth of new products has accelerated and nationalized, we anticipate that the cost of raw materials will rise and that new products will not develop as expected. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, will be able to do so independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.