- Quarterly reports are strong enough to continue to strengthen the ice freeze for the battle \triangleright by 80 million yuan.
Cash received for goods, services and services amounted to $4,096 million, or 39.13 per cent of the year, and the rate of repayments and collections was synchronized with the willingness of dealers to make payments and the quality of their performance; net cash flows generated by corporate operations amounted to $860 million, an increase of 18.72 per cent over the same period.
The share of new items has risen significantly, and the development of market channels outside the Guangdong has continued.
For the subregion, the sales of new items such as the 500ml gold bottle and the dung porcelain rehydrate have continued to increase, leading to a rapid increase in corporate sales revenues and net profits. In the future, companies will further improve their marketing networks.
In its distribution pattern, the company reported in its 2023th year (605499.sh):
The number of distributors: 2,912 at the end of 24q1, 69 fewer than in the end of 23 years. Of these, the number of direct lines in Guangdong/Non-Huangzhou/Channel as at 2024q1 was
Biannual report, 2023: Cost-controllable rate optimization, second-curve potential renewable - 2 sugar phase pressure + low scale effect of new product cultivation + increased cost of freezing by season, short
\triangleright 023 Quarterly Review: The nationalization expansion continued at a steady scale of 19.07%, compared to 0.90 pcts, or a slight decline in the Māori rate as a result of high white sugar prices and pressure on raw materials.
4. Three-quarter review of beverages (605499.sh) 2022: In order to advance the implementation of the nationalization strategy, the Department will further expand the scale of sales, increase the number of sales personnel and increase the number of freezers placed Investment proposals: the company ' s product ends continue to optimize the second curve in the structure of the product to meet the differences between the different population groups
The costs have been refined and the multi-point layout of the country has continued to promote demand -20 transversalization - and the country ' s market has continued to be opened through channels, increasing the overall marketability and coverage of products through \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.