The company published its annual report for 2023, which achieved total operating income/net profit/deduction from the business year-round, in line with previous forecasts, and was close to the previous forecast ceiling. The national expansion of the benefits of the megasalves has maintained a positive growth: other beverages have performed well.
In the eye, the second growth curve continues to grow high, driven by electrolytic drinks rehydrated. Distribution is largely due to the constant growth of the company ' s drinking of large singles, and to the low season of the company ' s recovery, which has led to a sustained rise in the company ' s revenue collection.
Single q4, energy beverages/other beverages yielding $23.42/275 million each, with high growth in China-East, China-China, South-West and North-West on the company's outlying markets, while two broad base plates remain stable, driven by the combination of deep tillage and new products.
According to the distribution channels, sales/direct sales/online/other harvests have increased to over 3.4 million over the year to over 3 million.
In 2023, the company’s cost-end pet price was locked in advance, effectively putting pressure on the price increase of white sugar.
At the same time, an improvement in the Māori rate of single-sales consumption has led to an increase in the company’s overall Māori rate. The annual Māori/Māori return rate for the company was 43.07 per cent and 18.11 per cent, with a slight increase in the sales rate compared to the corresponding increase in the sales rate and the increase in the impact of the use of the freezer.
In 2023, the company continued to build brand assets and re-upgraded the brand marketing end: in addition to the first mind occupiers who continued to squeezing Dong Phunt at a time when it became a “weary” drink, there was a small increase in management costs.
The branding of new items, such as curry, tea, etc., builds a branding project from 0 to 1.
For the first time in the country, such as the Olympics, a national brand called "The Power for the Nation, the Power of the East Plum" was introduced in the media, and a new media innovation was introduced to promote greater confidence. The multi-species strategy was first built and one-size-fits-all staircases followed and one-size-fits-all was seen: the first monolithic drink under the flag.
The consumption of the electrolytic beverages, the “dong punctures” and the core population have made a rapid breakthrough since the beginning of the year.
The recovery of the scenes has expanded to a variety of situations, such as sweating, that require the maintenance of a body fluid balance. In response to a healthy consumption trend, a sugar-free tea beverage, called "Pang-Yo" has been introduced, which is a series of coffees, "East Poon Curry" and a new taste of "cococonut-rich latte" and cutting trendy coconuts.
New cocktails, "vivi cocktails," etc... Channels continue to deepen the country's openings and increase ice drops: by the end of 2023, there were 3.4 million active national terminal points, with an increase of about 13.4%, and competitive advantages were further strengthened, while exploring new and emerging channels abroad and within the country.
Upgrading: helping to increase control of end-to-end sales, efficiency in supply chain management, efficiency in marketing performance, accumulation of consumer data (cumulative non-repeating consumer over 190 million), upgrading consumer demand analysis capabilities, using combined multi-dimensional data analysis to continue to improve market decision-making
Precision. The distribution of the production capacity is constantly improving, and the production system is gradually improving: there are currently 9 major production bases, 3.35 million tons of designed production capacity, Changsha is helping China, Tianjin is starting work, will be supporting the northern market, the national chemical energy distribution is about to be completed, and transport costs and orders are made.
The rest of the billion years have continued the struggle and the strategy has been renewed: looking ahead, the company has fully implemented the “1+6” strategy, using a “beverage expert” approach, focusing on the supply of drinking products for the general consumer, building the Chinese leading multi-species comprehensive drink group, and sprinting.
In 2024, energy beverage resources were invested in more focused, concentrated and focused bottled drinks, and the country's market was speeded up; the doppelganger was refilled with the new spring-line taste and new mini-bottle specifications and continued to expand the network, while increasing the multidimensionalness of the marketing of brand names.
This year, the trend continues to be rapid; vivi cocktails are on the line in the spring, with three tastes of two wines, precise double specifications, more price-fixing, and the idea of "selling cocktails as drinks" as a market game. Ping friends have added two new tastes to their tea, making steady progress. The company's basic business was in 2024.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity, and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.