The year in which the company released its annual report 2023, which generated revenues of $11,263 million, has been steadily increasing with the expansion of nationalization, and the growth of new products has been strong.
In terms of income, the performance growth is impressive. In terms of product: 1) Dong Peng has achieved annual income of 103.36 billion yuan, or 26.48 per cent, of which q4 has earned income of 2,342 million yuan, which is related to changes in product specifications. In 2023, the company, on the one hand, accelerated the opening of the terminal point, and, on the other hand,
By increasing the capacity of the freezer, building up the end-high energy display, and increasing the ability of consumer demand to digitalize, companies have accumulated over 190 million users of non-repeated consumer ids and earned more than a year.
Gross equity/flow (billion shares) targets were met. According to Nelson, the market share of East Ponto was higher than in the year as a whole (millions of dollars)
The sales of a single 500ml bottled beverages have become third in the Chinese market, Sku. 2) Other beverages have earned 915 million yuan a year, +186.65 per cent, of which q4 has earned the same amount as < < Dong Peng Beverage: Cost pressures have slowed down, out of the province and out of town.
A total of 576 million yuan was achieved, a total of 511 per cent, and in 2023 the company introduced new products such as electrolytic water and sugar-free tea, which are expected to generate more than 400 million < < beverages < < beverages > : costs have improved continuously and performance has been modest.
At the end of the season, new products such as sugar-free tea were launched in a smaller volume. By region, revenue of 3,761 million yuan was achieved in the Guangdong region throughout the year, an increase of 12.1 per cent compared to 12.1 per cent.
The Guangdong region continued to grow in double digits under the precision farming strategy. Outside China, East China, South West, and North China all continued to grow at a high and fast rate last year, with companies adding 202 to 2981 distributors and individual distributors growing at the same rate.
The price of raw materials has contributed to cost elasticity and a steady rise in profitability. In 2023, companies increased the price of sugar, but the price of pet and box raw materials has fallen more to contribute to the increase in the Māori rate.
In this regard, sales/management/financial costs were 17.36 per cent/3.27 per.02 per cent for the year as a whole, mainly as a result of the increase in advertising sponsorship, the placement of freezers, and the increase in employee bonuses. Net interest rates were stable throughout the year.
The company sets a target guideline of no less than 20% of its annual income and profits, which is expected to continue to grow rapidly through the expansion of outlying sites and single-point precision farming, with a net increase of 400,000 this year. At the same time, new products will continue to contribute to the growth, and this year ' s recharge will add a variety of specifications and taste products, and
As a result of this campaign, sugar-free tea is expected to produce two new flavors this year, which are expected to grow rapidly, driven by industry winds, and the Big Curry is expected to grow robustly this year, and its new products, including vivi cocktails, coconut juice and so on, are expected to grow in stock.
The product matrix is becoming more sophisticated, and the idea of planning for new products is becoming clearer. It is expected to continue to grow at a high rate throughout the year, driven by a national exhibition of big monolithics and a rapid release of new products.
East Poon's beverages: year-on-year high performance, platform development.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.