2401 opened the door smoothly and focused on the speed of the season and the catalyzing of Liu Xinjiang now returns to mother's net profit of $660 million, which is +33.5 per cent.
High-drinking + new talent and successful revenue growth. 2401 revenue and +39.8% of income increased significantly over the same period last year, and cash repayments and contractual liabilities increased significantly, confirming the downstream real-estate atmosphere, mainly thanks to: 1) opening up 2024 years ahead of schedule, and a marked acceleration in the speed of the development of the consignment and the web site; 2) under channel
Sinking dividends continue to be released; 3) Spring seasons are booming and temperatures are high, while companies pre-position their homecoming programs and Operation Pills are stimulating sales. Sub-groups, 24q1 East Pentecostals/other beverages have a similar income of +30.1 per cent/257.0 per cent, while other beverages have increased, rising to 11 per cent.
+6 pcts, mainly rehydration, curry and drinking, 2912 new distributors, such as sugar-free tea and cocktails (+4.3 per cent, year-on-year), and network expansion and freezing, among others, drive the growth of single shops; thus, 24q1 camp and line channels are rapidly released, with revenues equal to +73.5 per cent and 103.3 per cent. Subregional, non-Cuangdong
Cost-structured dividends add-on-scale effects, leading to higher levels of profitability. 2401 net return, relative depth of 300 per cent, 19.1 per cent, comparison-0.9 pcts, net interest rate for non-mortality, etc.
0.8 pcts, although the price of white sugar has increased, the price of other raw materials has declined considerably, with a higher than +1.4 pcts than +1.4 pcts, mainly in the context of the introduction of new products, and the increase in sales due to the spring return campaign and Operation Snack; the management cost rate: 24q1 is 2.9% and the ratio -0.3 pcts.
Building large data centres and training centres is expected to improve internal efficiency in the long term. The company plans to establish a central mountain subsidiary, with an estimated total investment of about $2.5 billion, and we believe that the project, while not contributing much in the short term, will take into account the development experience of Thailand and the United States energy beverage industry, with the exception of the high-end upgrading of its products.
In our view, the company’s future profit center is looking ahead, and the future profitability hub is up to expectations. The short-term focus is on the promotion of new products during the season, and the multi-beverages group sails.
We're going to have to focus on electrolytic water during the season.
With cocktails, it is expected that the income end will continue to rise, given the 2402 boom + higher temperature + web site development. In the long run, the “big gold bottle” is a successful product demand validation in south-west and north markets, the market remains sunk, the front channel structure is gradually completed, and the factory in Tianjin was established at the end of 23 years, with the prospect of replication for 21 years.
The success of Washington; new products: after 23 years of rehydration and sugar-free tea, the company has continued to expand its product matrix, which is based on energy beverages, with new areas such as electrolytic beverages, teas, pre-arrangements, alcohol, coffee, etc. as its second development curve, with multi-species matrices gradually taking shape.
The “recommended” rating is maintained as a catalyst for stock prices for the season’s new production rhythm and marketing. Table 1: The main financial indicators predict that I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Liu Guangmi, Master of Economics, People’s Student Securities Institute, 2020, and China’s Galaxy Securities Institute, 2022, focussing on non-drinking plates (drinking supply chains, spices, frozen and prefabricated vegetables, soft drinks, dairy products, snacks, etc.), are good at deepening the value of industry investment through historical reprograms and comparisons with overseas perspectives.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the appropriate matching of investors and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients, nor is it an invitation to buy, sell, subscribe to securities or other financial instruments accurate or complete. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report that Galaxy securities may be issued other than those contained in this report or that they may be issued in a manner inconsistent with or inconsistent with what is contained in this report.