On April 14, 2024, the Dopium Beverage published its annual report, 2023.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn has performed well, with sustained cost gains, income profits have increased both ways, and continues to be a strong leader.
The share of special drinks sold in our energy beverages market rose from 36.07% at the end of 2022 to 43.02%, with the ranking remaining first. Profitability rose steadily, and prices for raw materials such as polyester slices, paper boxes, etc. were lower than before.
The interest rate drops on a year-on-year basis mainly due to higher cost rates, volume of sales/management/research and development, deposit of freezers and management expenditure.
According to Nelson, in 2023, 500 ml East 2, East Plum beverages (605499): Performance card
Punter's ranking in terms of sales amounts has become the third-largest sku single-beverage forecast in our market, with a bright new product growth 2023-10 - benefiting from the cost of falling prices for raw materials.
Support for the Hangzhou Asian Games, the installation of hot shows, increased sports marketing, and more consumer awareness and enhanced brand image. New products are on the move, with a 252.57 per cent increase in other beverages in the operation of 2023q4 products.
In 2023, the company introduced electrolytic beverages, the unsugar-free tea, the wolong tea, the new coffee products, the "Caco lasagna, " and the coconut juice products, and this year it launched the pre-arranged cocktail products to build the second growth curve.
The former electrolytic water beverages have performed well, with a high value ratio of 555 ml and 1l products, while companies have introduced multiple tastes to meet demand, during which the direct circuits have grown bright and the national chemical layout is well under way.
The distribution channels are growing rapidly, and the direct lines are showing good performance. In 2023, the distribution/direct camp/company actively expanded on new and emerging channels such as community shopping platforms, catering channels, etc., offering multiple access routes. By the end of 2023, 2,981 distributors had provided net growth.
202; 3.4 million net points, or 13.4% more, and 100% of local coverage. Base market double-digit growth and high growth in emerging markets. Guangdong in 2023, while increasing coverage and achieving better results in East and Central China;
In March 2024, production began, with an annual design capacity of 3.35 million tons, and Tianjin Base began construction in 2024 and is expected to be operational by the end of 2026. We're looking forward to the company's continuing to raise its market share on the energy-drink main track, while keeping in mind that the company will continue to raise its market share.
New products, such as electrolysis water, grow faster and become the second-growth curve. We anticipate downside macroeconomic risks, less than expected sales of eastern pontoon, less than expected sales in the season, less than expected promotion of new products, higher cost risks, etc.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The short- and medium-term potential is captured in the short-term; the hard work of thinking about the white wine plate, the deep-seated thinking and insight into the Sou wine is a sub-high-end white wine and soft-drink plate.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, or because of specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.