In cooperation with outside agencies, to improve the power of tea products, Liu Xinjiang, on April 1, the company issued an announcement to build tea deep processing and drinking with the Tianbang and Ani Nang.
The Joint Research Centre for the Development of Goods, which will be targeted at tea, will form a scientific research consortium and will cooperate fully in scientific research, product development, technical advice, and personnel development to support the company’s data. Together, the tea sector is expected to continue to expand, with different tastes and functions competing.
It is a disaggregated variety with scarce landscapes since 2023. Given China’s deep tea culture, the high price profile of sugar-free tea in the age of grade consumption, and its zero sugar card plus zero addition profile, it is expected that demand for the class will continue to grow in the coming years.
In contrast, the taste, function and brand culture of sugarless tea can be more powerfully separated, and although the head of the Ito Garden was locked up in early 2000, post-producers such as americium, triad and Coca-Cola eventually competed differently from their taste and function, and their bottoms required strong product R & D capabilities as the cornerstone.
In cooperation with external agencies, we are looking forward to the creation of a new tea-free single item. Since the beginning of 2024, there has been a rapid increase in the supply side of the sugar-free tea industry, with a marginal increase in competition, while head brands now have significant advantages and five dollar prices have a consumer mind, so companies can compete only through differences.
The market was worried about the power of the company's products compared to that of the head, and we believe that this time, working with the Skygrass and Anhui Noon, to some extent, could boost the company's product power, especially in view of the prospect of developing a tea menu with different functions and tastes in the future.
2401 is expected to continue, focusing on the rhythm of new products and sales during the season. Given the pre-season pace and the high + temperature of spring seasons, 23q1 income is expected to continue to be high in March.
With the spring product orientation meeting, which is now fast-paced by web-site development (the “water-up” network site target of 2 million units throughout the year), the season will focus on electrolytic water and cocktails. Given the 24q2 boom + temperature + higher + web-site development, it is expected that new products will grow better or contribute to higher overall incomes.
Catalysing of sales against share prices to maintain the recommended rating. Table 1: Key financial indicators forecast the performance of East Ping beverages in 2023: full year round
Appendices: Corporate Financial Forecast Tables, Galactic Securities Institute of China
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Liu Guangmi, Master of Economics, People’s Student Securities Institute 2020, and People’s Galaxy Securities Institute 2022, with a focus on non-drinking plates (drinking supply chain, catering supply chain, etc.).
This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities do not need to be treated as a customer by the recipient as such. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of services, control investment risks, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy Securities Agency or the customer manager, you should complete the investment.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.