The goal of $10 billion has been successfully met, multi-grade beverages have been launched, and Liu Xin Xinjiang has been drinking large singles for over 10 billion dollars a year, with multiple factors contributing to the acceleration of 23q4.
Close to the maximum performance forecast, of which 2304 recipients + 41 per cent continued to pick up, mainly as a result of: 1) the advance start of 24 fiscal years leading to pre-emission rhythms; 2) the maintenance of 23q4 temperature heat boost end demand; a better situation, with a catalytic effect on the elimination of electrolytic water by the end of the year; and 3) outdoors in the context of the low base figure of 22q4
Cost scenario recovery; 4) channel sank dividends continue to be released. The product expansion, with East Pontes drinking for 23 years, rose to $N90 million (+186.7%) and 23q4 earned $280 million (+252.6%) per year, mainly as a contribution of electrolytic water. The channel sunk, with 2981 distributors at the end of 23 years, representing a total of 100% coverage of the local city.
Guy; 3.4 million national active endpoints, or +13.4 per cent, expanded regionally, with 23 core markets for the whole year. Guangdong income, or +12.1 per cent, continued to grow faster against a high base. Nationalization moved in an orderly manner, with the structural dividend of raw material costs plus the scale effect contributing to 23 years of improved profitability.
Higher, but higher prices for other raw materials, combined with the effect of increasing the low price locks of the company and the size of large single items, contributed to a small increase in the Māori rate. Cost rate: 23/23q4 sales rate for the year as compared to the increase in freezer inputs, respectively, resulted in significant increases in employee remuneration and promotion costs; 23/23q4 for the year as a whole
Short-term attention is given to the promotion of new sales during the season, and multi-beverages groups sail. In the short term, a high income end of 2401 is expected to continue at a high end, taking into account the pre-paced pace of shipments and the high temperatures of spring seasons.
Monthly product orientations, which are now fast-paced by web site development (the “water-up” network has a year-round target of 2 million), will focus on electrolytic water and cocktails during the season, with higher income levels expected to rise in view of the 24q2 boom, the high temperatures and the faster development of the web site.
• New products: after 23 years of rehydration and sugar-free tea, the company continued to expand with 24 years of compost, cocktails, etc.
The big product matrix, based on energy beverages, creates electrolytic beverages, teas, pretzels, coffee, etc.
China's Galaxy Securities Institute has committed itself to producing this report independently, objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Liu Xinjiang, Master of Economics, People’s Institute of Securities, 2020, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, focusing on non-drinking plates (drinking supply chains, spices, frozen and prefabricated vegetables, soft drinks, dairy products, snacks, etc.), and is good at deepening the value of industry investment through historical reprogramming and comparison with overseas perspectives.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.