Launching of Yunnan Production Base, Multi-Purpose and Nationalization Liu Guang Yi incident: 25 June, company announcement to establish Kunming Dong Pilgrim Vitamin Beverage Company Ltd., pitched
Nationalization of special drinks is the main driving force behind the company’s high growth, and the Southwest region currently accounts for only about 10% of corporate income (2023).
It is lower than the market in Guangdong Province, and lower than the Chinese and Chinese markets, which are at the same stage of growth, while the south-west region has a larger population and a relatively large market, and the capacity of Chongqing’s subsidiaries is also under pressure (about 93 per cent of the capacity in 2023). We believe that the establishment of Yunnan Base would, on the one hand, boost the local market share and, on the other.
On the one hand, it is possible to improve transport efficiency and reduce transport costs, and in the long run it is possible to strengthen the growth of the special drink basket or to build a matrix of beverages using the advantage of Yunnan's agricultural products. The second growth curve is another important driver for the company to become the top five beverages in the country.
In addition, there is a stocking of juice products such as tea, tea, coffee, and juice, compared to carbonated beverages, from both within and outside the country. Yunnan, as the home of the country’s important coffee and tea products, is expected to compete differently from the source and create barriers to production.
Ping, we believe the Yunnan base is expected to take full advantage of the local supply chain to boost the production capacity of tea, coffee, juice, thereby contributing to the strategic achievement of the multi-salt beverages group.
Southern rain weather has had a limited impact on marketing; 3) web-site development has a fast pace; 4) “water-up” has continued to be visible, driven by a number of factors, such as rapid web-site development plus product matrix expansion plus marketing support, with a peak of 120,000 boxes on May. Based on monthly rhythms, combined with weather + corporate fiscal year nodes + base pressure, forecast
Space needs to focus on the company’s long-term outlook after the end of 24h1 and maintain a “recommended” rating.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Liu Guangmi, Master of Economics, People’s Institute of Securities 2020, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, with a focus on non-drinking plates (the catering supply chain, etc.).
This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities do not need to be treated as a customer by the recipient as such. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of services, control investment risks, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy Securities Agency or the customer manager, you should complete the investment.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.