Beverage: Successful opening of doors, over-expected income of 2024q1, steady expansion of nationalization, and strong growth of new products. In the first quarter of 2024, the company made a smooth opening of doors, with a share of the product: 1) East Pocket earned revenue of $3.10 billion, compared to the previous year.
+30.1% expected to benefit from the increased flow of people returning from spring season and the increased weather for the Southern Spring Festival, with better performance in the spring season, and 2) revenue from other beverages of $380 million, compared to +257.0%, with an increase of 6.6 pct to 10.8% compared to the same year, with water tonics combined with the East Peng curry
The company promotes sales through high-profile advertising, as well as online and under-line marketing, such as sugar-free tea in collaboration with the counter-water cold game, rehydration, sponsorship of the Marathon event to locate sweatshops, and active exploration of sports halls, schools and landscapes.
The downside price of raw materials contributes cost elasticity, with a steady increase in profitability. 2024q1 Māori ratio is equal to -0.8 ptt to 42.8%, with the overall Māori rate lower than the overall increase in the share of new items. < < Dong Peng Beverage: High performance in the year, flat
On the cost side, q1 sales/management/financial costs are 17.1%/3.0/-1.3%, respectively, < < East Poon beverages: Cost pressure is slowing, out of town, not as much as +1.4/-0.3/-1.1 pct, with a slight increase in sales costs due to increases in freezer drops.
The early seizure of the freezer resources resulted in an increase in the cost of the freezer display, with a net interest rate of the same as the q1 ratio to the < east < east > beverages: the cost continued to improve, with a slight performance of 0.9 pct to 19.1 per cent.
The company has set target guidelines for income and profit growth of no less than 20%, and is expected to continue to grow rapidly through the expansion of out-of-area sites and single-point precision farming, with a net increase of 400,000 sites this year. With the continued increase in the energy of the new products, a variety of specifications and taste products will be added this year.
And by promoting it through a sweat-skinning project, sugar-free tea will be introduced this year with two new flavors, with rapid growth expected to be driven by industry winds, robust growth expected this year, and increased release of other new items, including vivi cocktails, coconut juice, etc., as new stocks.
Long, the product matrix is improving, and the idea of planning for new products is becoming clear. It is expected to continue to grow at a high rate throughout the year, driven by the development of major monolithics across the country and the rapid release of new products.
The new product is not as popular as expected; the web site is not as popular as expected.
7th floor, 2nd floor, 2nd floor, 2nd wing, 9th North Street, Beijing, and 10th floor, 10th floor, National Open Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City, 1904th floor, 19th floor, New World Center, East and Lotus Road, Fuda District, Shenzhen City.
988 São Fong Square, downtown Guangzhou Avenue.
The company ' s unified social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.