q4 Camp q4 has continued to move forward with the nationalization strategy for brightly multi-goodsed categories The net cash flow generated by the Division ' s operations on 16/04 2024 amounted to $3,281 million, an increase of 61.95 per cent over the same period and an increase in sales collections.
High-quality performance. Of this amount, 23q4 alone achieved operating income of 2,622 million yuan, or +40.88 per cent, and the net return to the mother ' s house was $10 billion, while the nationalization strategy continued to advance.
In Guangdong/Non-Kanzhou region/straight direct camp revenues of $37.660.2.1470 billion, respectively, the same amount as in Wang Xinhai, where the reliance of companies on the base market is gradually decreasing and the share of the Guangdong market from 22 years ago was reduced.
39.50 per cent fell to 33.43 per cent in 23 years. Meanwhile, North China/East China/South-West has seen rapid growth in revenue, which has promoted rapid growth in sales through sustained expansion of terminal points, enhanced end displays and new consumption opportunities.
At the end of 23 years, the company had 2,981 distributors, an increase of 202 throughout the year, stable cooperative distributors covering 100% of the country's local municipalities, and the construction of channels performed well.
The cost-side pressure on raw materials can be controlled and profit elasticity continues to be released. The 23-year Māori rate is 43.07%, compared to 0.75 pcts, mainly due to lower prices for raw materials, and other raw materials such as polyester slices, paper boxes, are purchased 22 years higher than the 22-year price.
The increase in the purchase price of white sugar was offset by a larger decline during the same period. The net interest rate of the parent is 18.11 per cent, or 1.17 pcts, compared to 1.17 pcts.
A slight increase in the size of sales, the number of sales personnel, the increase in freezer inputs, resulting in 23 years of sales fees Investment proposals: companies ' product ends continuously optimize the second curve in the structure of their products to meet the needs of different groups Diversion through the continuous development of national markets, and increase overall marketing and coverage of their products, through
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.