\triangleright, +40.9 per cent for the subregional market, the company in Guangdong Province has continued to implement a strategy of good-cropping, focusing resources on vulnerable areas, and q4 has achieved $822 million, compared to the same amount.
\triangleright \tungleright \tung Pengt \ 10 billion \ \ \tung Peng \t \ \t \t \t \t \t \t \t\t \t \t \t \t \t \t \t \t \t  \t  \t  \t  \   \                              10 billion
In January 2023, the electrolytic beverages, “Tung Peng rehydrate”, were put on the market for better growth. The market was concerned about the growth curve of the Ministry, and in 2023 the company launched a new sugar-free tea, “Tong tea”, which we believe will increase the number of teas and jasmines in 2024.
In the current trend of sugar-free tea consumption, the company is expected to contribute a better income. By 2023, the company had 2,981 distributors, achieving 100% local coverage, selling 3.4 million endpoints, compared to 13%, so the new product is expected to pass.
There has been a better growth in channel coverage, with continuous construction of the company's “energy plus” matrix. Cost pressures have eased, and Māori rates have improved.
To 17.4%, we believe that the main reason for this is the company's strengthening of its sales team, its increasing investment of freezers, and its investment proposal: the company's continued cultivation in Guangdong Province, while its marketing system is constantly being optimized and its business team perfected in the provinces, and we believe that the company's energy beverages are expected to grow better in the country's markets.
In 2024, we thought that the risk factors \triangleright: price volatility of raw materials, growth of new products less than expected, nationalization less than expected, based on the price advantage and channel advantage of the East Poon.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The coupons form food and beverages teams, whose members are trained by senior industrialists and leading students. Zhang Wai-hyun, Wuhan University of Technology, two degrees in law and economics, two years in the financial sector, followed by the white wine industry, 13 years in the Penang cellar, Dukang, and the Shende wine industry.
At mid- and low-end prices, there is practical exercise experience, strong industrial thinking, rich wine circles, and a unique understanding of the trends in the white industry, especially in analysing the patterns of sub-high-end competition. Choray, a Master of Food Science research, graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, and left beauty in milk for the next two years.
Capt. Saputo is engaged in research and development, with one year ' s experience in food and beverage research.
To cover recreational foods (in-depth study of odious foods, weekly black ducks, brilliant, refined foods, saline shops, glycerine foods, ginseng foods), and white wine in Anhui region (known as Guai Goon, glorified wine, golden seed wine), Zhao Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Liquor (in-depth study of Guo Dai, 5 grain fluids, Xinzhou cellar, Shanxi wine, tea industry, alcoholic wine, ocean river shares, the world's nearness, sauce plate)
Three years of strategic investment in head housing companies are good at exploiting opportunities for upstream and downstream development from an industry perspective.
Wang Xueqing, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering beer (Deep Study Chongqing Beer, Huayun Beer, Qingdao Beer), beverages (Deep Study Farmer Springs, Dong Ping Bing Bing, Happy Homes), low-drink (In-depth Study of Peon shares).
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.