Events: company reports issued in the first quarter of 2024, q1 generated 3,482 million yuan, compared to \triangleright billion yuan. The country’s market was growing faster, with China’s regional revenues increasing from 54.5 per cent to 532 million yuan;
At the beginning of the expansion, it is expected that the new product will show up. By the structure of the product, it will benefit from the rapid growth of the country’s \triangleright market, which will generate revenues of between 30.1 and 3.1 billion yuan.
Thanks to new products, other beverages are earning between +257% and +377 million, and the same income represents an increase in the multi-task options of Pu Ma's tea, Jasmine's tea, etc. The company is expected to make a better contribution in the current trend of sugar-free tea consumption. As of 2024q1, the company owns the new sugar-free tea products.
With 2912 distributors achieving 100% coverage at the local level, it is hoped that the new product will grow better through the already existing channels, building on the company's “energy plus” matrix. The cost of selling the refrigerators increased by the season, with a slight increase in the cost of selling. 2024q1 operating at the same cost as +41.7%.
\triangleright Māori ratio equal to -0.8 pct to 42.8 per cent of the cost rate, with companies increasing the cost of putting freezers before the season, selling costs equal to +52.53 million to $596 million and selling costs equal to +1.4 pct to
17.1 per cent; despite the increase in corporate managers' remuneration expenditure and information-based inputs, they benefit from a rapid increase in sales earnings, with a ratio of management costs under the scale effect - 0.3 pct to 2.9 per cent; overall, the investment proposal is that the company will continue to grow deep in Guangdong Province, while the distribution system will continue to be optimized and improved outside the province.
\triangleright Business Group, we believe that company energy beverages are expected to grow better in the national market. Looking ahead, in 2024, we think that we are building on the price and channel advantages of the East Poon.
Risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, growth of new products less than expected, nationalization less than expected
Building No. 1 of the 9th City Street in Beijing City West Side, where members of the food and beverages team are trained mainly by senior industrialists and leading students. Zhang Wai-hyun graduated from Wuhan University of Technology, two degrees in law and economics, two years in the financial sector, then entered the white wine industry.
For 13 years, the industry has done first-line sales in the Penang cellar, Dukang, and the Shelde liquor industry, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive understanding of the trends in the white wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high-end alcohol companies.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science and Research, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, USA, followed by two years of research, development and operation in the dairy giant Saputo, and one year of experience in food and beverage research.
Qui Li, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
With three years of experience in strategic investment in head houses, they are good at exploiting opportunities for upstream and downstream development from an industry perspective. 2021 was added to the national Thai trade union, 2021/2022 as a core member of the new wealth team for construction.
Beverage team, mainly covering white wine plates. Wang Xueqian, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, with beer covered (Deep study of Chongqing beer, Huayun beer, Qingdao beer), beverages (Deep study of Farmer Springs, Dong Peng beverage, Joy)
Some of them are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.