Powered sales into high-performance engines, new products with sufficient speed - An incident evaluation report by Dong Peng Beverage (605499.sh) was released on April 22, 2024.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn
This is due to the steady recovery of springtime consumption, the implementation of the homecoming project, the strengthening of the media, and the firm and heavy base of the postal system established by the company. Gains and gains are slightly lower than revenues, mainly due to higher cost inputs. 2024q1 cents.
If the company is working on a project like Operation Pills through a special channel, it's going to be really hard to spread, it's going to be one piece, it's going to cost more, it's going to be good feedback. Good cash flow quality, contract liability ring growth. $4,096 million (the same increase) in sales returns for 20,241
The electrolysis water has increased the speed at which the second-growth curve is expected to grow successfully. EC$ 20,241 for pontoon/other beverages is $31,01,377 million, respectively, and is now listed as a core product in the company's second-growth curve, raising the one-dollar share.
Long-sighted, brand-news keep the prize up, 2024-04-- full-channel placement, accelerated development of the web site, and rapid release. Strong market growth in the base and high growth in emerging markets. 2024q1 Guangdong/Waodong/Wong
The company continues to raise its market share on the energy drink main track, while new products such as electrolysis water grow faster and become a second-growth curve.
The risk of downside macroeconomics, less than expected sales of East Patt beverages, less than expected sales during the season, less widespread new products, higher cost risks, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
(cfa, three years of research experience in the food and beverage industry, covering the areas of beer, halo, and brandy.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.