Performance is largely in line with expectations and the savings transition opens up growth space Summary of events: on 9 January, the company released its 2023 performance report, which enabled business to take place during the reporting period \triangleright
Consumption of controlled water and electricity production was reduced: in 2023, the company ' s controlled hydropower production was 4,999 million kWh \triangleright, an increase of 6.4 per cent from the same year; however, owing to poor water availability in the basin, the q4 controlled hydropower production was 1,185 million kWh.
In the same period, we measured a decline of 9.5% to 0.2 yuan/dry wt. (without taxes) in electricity and water access, and a reduction in the price of controlled water and electricity.The Yajiang water was poor or affected the return on investment: according to Sichuan Hydrological Network data, October/November 2023.
At the same time, there was a decline of 15.9 per cent/28.4 per cent, and a greater decline in the annual average.
Photovolt “showing the head” , extraction development on track: 20 December 2023, company announcement of \triangleright 1.              60674.sh  2023
The average per kilowatt hour per kilowatt hour per kilowatt hour was 0.623 per kilowatt hour per quarter, compared to the same year. 2. The semi-annual report for 2023 for energy delivery in Kawakawa (600674.sh) assessed the increase in electricity and water prices and the growth of the green high-speed power supply - 2023/08/
The investment proposal is: q4 for poor water, poor participation, poor stock-holding performance, but short-term pressure does not change long \triangleright \triangleright
Quarterly evaluation in 023: performance surprises, growth and value attributes plus 2023/04/21: trend towards good; new energy operations are becoming more dynamic, and the transition to savings opens up more room for growth.
After considering the impact of convertibility on equity, it is expected that the company will make a positive assessment: the Yagi River and the River River will go up to the next level.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.