Researchchand developmentcenter National Electricity: The advantages of coal integration are highlighted, clean energy is rapidly growing
National Electric Power (600795), National Electric Power: The advantages of coal integration are highlighted, and clean energy accelerated development 05/0304
The company is a conventional energy integration platform under the National Energy Group (NEG) and expands national electricity (600795), using a combination of autonomous production and group financing.
Thousands of kilowatts, 1,495.06 kilowatts of hydropower, 92,933 kilowatts of wind power and 859.94 kilowatts of light volts. Companies ' revenues from electricity and electricity sales are higher than their operating earnings, the share of new energy sales in operating income and net profits rises from year to year, and the level of profits of joint ventures has generally recovered.
The firm’s level of indebtedness is relatively stable, and its operating net cash flow is performing well, and it is expected to maintain a steady high score. The company focuses on equity and implements semi-annual equity allocations.
The advantages of coal-fired electricity integration are significant, and electricity market-based reforms are expected to increase profits. Asset quality: The capacity of the company increased significantly in 2020-2022, following the establishment of the company as the Group ' s platform for integration of conventional energy generation operations in 2010 and the establishment of a joint venture with China, China, in 2019.
The group made four asset replacements, and the quality of the assets was significantly optimized. At present, the company holds the second-largest capacity in the country, the company's engine is good, the power supply is low, the power supply is low, the power supply is high, and the quality of the electric assets is solid after several impairments. Cost: the company relies on national energy for its back.
Group coal supply, with significant advantages for coal power integration, rose to 97 per cent in 2022; the company cost of coal combustion per megawatt hour was only $296.5 in 2022, which is about $100/megawatt times lower than comparable companies ' cost of coal combustion.
The electricity price is expected to be tight, and the company's lighter units are well positioned in the eastern coastal provinces, enjoying the full benefits of the increase in the price of electricity generated by the transformation of the electricity market, while the company's power plate is expected to be provided with support services and accommodation.
The most recent increase or decline in January (%) was due to improved water and increased electricity, and there was still room for increased profitability of the hydroelectric plates. As of 2023q1-3, the company had installed 1,495.06 kilowatts of hydroelectric capacity, with the main layouts in the river crossing (1,735,000 kilowatts),
The Kaidu river (51,000 kW) and the Ipsha river (460,000 kW); at the same time, the company has 39,465 kW in the process of building hydroelectric units, of which two kW (2 million kW) and Kinkawa (860,000 kW) are expected to be installed by the end of 2024. The company's core hydroelectric assets are concentrated in the River River Basin, “145”
The high growth in domestic electricity demand and the introduction of extra-high-voltage power grids are expected to boost the company's water supply, to the left, to the left, to the hour, and to support the price of electricity and water, both in terms of quantity and price.
By 2023, the company held a capacity of 17,8927,000 kW, of which 92,933 kW of wind power, light.
40%. The company’s conventional energy resources are widely distributed, and is actively engaged in acquiring new energy projects through thermal power flexibility adaptation and hydropower savings. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: compared to the industry’s Fire and Power companies, the company’s position in the industry, its shareholders, etc.
Background, asset quality, business development, etc., are in a relatively leading position. 1) Industry position: companies are listed as one of the five major power-generating groups in the core conventional energy industry, and the fire-loading machine is in second place on the market and is large in size; 2) shareholder background: companies rely on national energy groups as a global scale
The largest coal producer, whose coal supply is more secure, has a sudden increase in the cost-side control capacity of the fire panels; 3) asset quality: the company ' s lighter unit is dominated by a large unit of over 600,000 kilowatts (kW) and has a better quality and more highly regulated technology; 4) business development: the company has achieved coal power generation.
Mainly, the multi-purpose business plate, in tandem with the development pattern, is robust, operating while providing the potential for installed growth. Risk factors: large price increases by COICA or less than expected performance; electricity marketization reforms that are less advanced than expected; annual trading prices that are higher than expected; and new energy projects that are less developed than expected.
1) Fireboards: Companies rely on corporate coal supply security, and the advantage of fire power for profit is evident. Companies rely on national energy groups for coal, which has a strong guarantee of coal coverage and compliance. Coal ratios are expected to remain high during the 14th Five-Five Year period, and fire plate cost controls are excellent. Power market reforms are expected to lead to electricity.
In a context in which coal prices are expected to continue to be “double”, we expect the profits of the company's pyrotechnic plates to be sustained. 2) Hydropower plates: improved water discards and the growth of hydroelectric loaders in the river, and increased profitability of the plates. The company's hydropower core is concentrated in the river basin.
The company’s upcoming production of the two-river water station and the gold water plant in the Grand River Basin in 2024-2025 will further increase the profitability of the company’s hydropower plates. 3) New energy plates: wind and light engines are expected to increase significantly, and fire green and co-operative power plates are expected to develop. New energy during the company’s 14th Five-Fifteen-Fifteen-Year period
In addition, the company's power grid is widely distributed, conventional and new energy is being developed in tandem with new energy sources, and new energy projects are being developed in synchronizing power.
First, the power poles of the National Energy Group, the Firewater Wind Co-development Convergence, the shares of the 1.1 company are held by the National Energy Group, the endogenous growth and the expansion of the Group ' s co-financing catalysts.
State Electric and Power Development Co. Ltd., which operates mainly in the production and sale of electricity, heat, electricity, electricity and electricity, and the Dalian Northeast Heat Company, founded in 1997, was listed in the register. After two stock changes in 1999 and 2003, the shareholders in the company held shares were transformed into the China Power Group.
As of 2023q1-3, the National Energy Group held a share of 50.68%, the capacity of the company effectively controlled rapidly increased, the capacity of clean energy installed increased significantly, and the quality of assets continued to be optimized. From 2003 to 2009, the growth of the company installed was mainly through autonomous production, mergers, and acquisitions. In 2010, the company was established as a regular energy source for the group.
In 2011-2018, the company expanded and acquired hydropower assets in the river area and began to develop new energy operations, with a significant increase in the capacity of new energy installed from 1369,000 kW in 2010 to 6.08 kW in 2018 (an increase of 344%).
Instead of forming a joint venture with the Beijing state power company with its own fire and electricity holdings, the state power has control of the Beijing state power (57.5 per cent shareholding ratio) and the holding capacity has increased by 34.07 million kW (61.6 per cent increase). Four asset swaps were made between 2020 and 2022 with the National Energy Group, and the installed capacity has risen to the second highest level in the country, while the asset structure has also become apparent.
Optimized. By 2023, the company held a total capacity of 105,6373 KW, of which 72,794,000 KW were on fire, figure 2: the company controlled stock structure and key time nodes (thousands of KW) 1.2 benefited from a high proportion of the contribution of COAF coal and new energy sources, with firm growth trends in company performance.
The increase in business income in 2019 was driven by a significant increase in the capacity of the stock holding units following the establishment of a joint venture between the company and the Chinese government; in 2021, the infusion of assets in the group, the tight demand for electricity throughout the country led to benefits from the rise in the price of coal-fired electricity and the growth of new energy operations, with corporate revenues reaching $19,681 million, an increase of 14.40 per cent over the same period;
In 2021, a large increase in coal prices led to a shift in the net return from positive to negative, but it benefited from the group’s synergies, with the company’s share of low-cost coal being higher.
In 2022, the company achieved a decline over the same period in the previous year, and the Ningxia regional company, which was transferred in September 2022, was removed from the merger for the current period, supported by a narrow rise in coal prices, rising electricity prices, and a profitable return on the steady contribution of new energy operations.
The net profit contribution of the company ' s clean energy plate has increased over the years, with the company ' s net profit from the new energy plate being 1,575 million in 2020; 2023h1 affected by severe water deformities in the south-western provinces, with the company ' s net profit of 670 million yuan, compared to the stock asset quality, contributing to the company ' s continued healthy development.
The company expected to affect the parent company ' s net return profits by about 1 billion yuan in 2023, as a result of the temporary shutdown of the mining licence in accordance with the rules of the territorial government, which affected the company ' s profit level.