Ningpo Bank (002142): The net interest differential ring ratio.
Ningpo Bank was established on 10 April 1997 and became the country's first net interest income on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on 19 July 2007 at a rate of recovery and a slight slowdown in the rate of growth of non-interest-delayed revenue; provision for anti-breeding net profit maintenance
The company insists on the principle of access, based on the "Knowledge of the City." In 2022, the Ningpo Bank achieved 57.879 billion.
5.5 pct to 9.7%; of this, interest net income increases by a steady increase in net income spreads; Income ends are mainly a non-interest income. At the same time, lower credit costs, anti-breathing profits, net profit and integration services are targeted to create “corporate banks, retail companies,
Personal banks, financial markets, credit cards, paper business, investment banks, asset hosting, asset management, nine major profits net interest income: 14.8 per cent increase in the same year and 3.4 per cent increase in the acceleration ring ratio, mainly as a result of credit scale insurance.
• Net non-interest income: 1.4 per cent increase in the same year (a 20.4 pct decline in the acceleration link). (1) Decline in wealth management: $7,466 million, a 9.6 per cent decrease in the year-on-year net revenue from fees; decrease in revenue from agency fees, a 10.24 per cent decrease in the same year, mainly due to capital exposure, a decline in wealth management and a 10.24 per cent decline in agent fees.
One billion people, or 9.1 per cent more than in the same year, were affected by the volatility of capital market debt, with investment returns falling in the same year; net profits increased by 18.1 per cent in the same year, and the ring decreased by 2.1 per cent. Loans kept growing faster, with deposits growing brightly and regularly rising.
Bank loans increased by 21.2 per cent in the same year, slightly slower than at the end of the third quarter, but the scale was still higher than their counterparts. Loans increased by 2.55 per cent on a single-season round, with 23.2 per cent for public, retail, and bill discounts respectively, and 3.7 per cent for the end-year round.
In the context of recovery and recovery of consumption, the demand for retail credit is expected to recover gradually, leading to a higher volume of credit than in the first half of the year +6bp.
The end-of-cycle rate of return has fallen slightly less than that of a partner. Interest-bearing assets have earned 4.25 per cent in 22 years, a decrease of 1 bp over the first half of the year: loans, public loans, personal loans have fallen by 4 bp, 1 bp, 5 bp, respectively, and overall loan returns have declined by less than comparable counterparts.
Pricing effects are absorbed earlier. (2) Lower cost of deposits leads to lower interest rates on the end of the liability. 22 years interest-bearing debt rate 2.05 per cent, a decrease of 5bp compared to the first half of the year; reduced interest rate on deposits due to the release of a deposit self-regulatory mechanism dividend, with the active control of the cost of deposits, by 3 bp (where the rate of interest on individual time deposits falls).
At this point, it is expected that the company will maintain a stable net interest margin by, inter alia, optimizing the asset structure and controlling the cost of deposits, with net interest differentials under narrow pressure or less than that of a colleague. Assets are of better quality and the provision is maintained at a higher level.
2bp: of these, asset quality is stable for both public and non-lending ratios of 8bp and +6bp, respectively, over the middle of the year. The negative net rate of production was 0.79%, a decrease of 13bp from the same year.
It is hoped that there will be a gradual improvement in the country’s consumption recovery, poor lending generation, and a steady improvement in the quality of its assets throughout the year.
It is highly marketable. Companies have forward-looking capacity to balance prices, strong diversified income structures, and sustained prudential control levels, which long-term value for their high-growth attributes. With the recovery of the economy and the recovery of fees, companies are expected to benefit from improved credit structures as well as from the recovery of retail credit demand and the region.
At the same time, the out-of-date shift in capital markets has had an impact on the banking environment, the pace of bank growth, the level of net interest differentials, and asset quality: Figure 1: Ningpo Bank ' s net profit in 2022 increased by 18.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Figure 2: Net profit of Bank Ningpo 4q22 increased 12.3 per cent over the year, Figure 3: Performance split of Bank Ningpo 3q22, 2022, Figure 4: Loans of Bank Ningpo late 2022 increased by 21.2 per cent over the year
Figure 5: Ningbo Bank net interest difference of 2.02 per cent in 2022, Ring +3bp Source of Eastern Financial Spills, Figure 6: Ningpo Bank ' s negative loan rate by end of 2022 by 2 bp to 0.75 per cent
Fig. 7: Ningpo Bank has maintained a high level of coverage at the end of 2022, the source of financial prosperity in the East, Ningbo Bank (002142): net interest spread rings are larger and the quality of the assets is still excellent
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Ningbo Bank (002142): The net interest gap ring is wide and the quality of assets is excellent.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.