Ningpo Bank (002142.sz) reported a quarterly review of 2023, improved asset quality, recovery of roe, banks and comptoirs in the city.
Performance growth has been stable, and Roe has recovered. Operating income was 16.6 billion yuan in the first quarter of 2023, an increase of 8.5 per cent over the previous quarter, an increase of 1.2 percentage points over last year's reported decline, mainly due to the decline in the size of interest-bearing assets in their contribution to performance growth, and the fact that the net difference remains significantly lower under the high base.
Roughly $6.6 billion, a 15.3 per cent increase in the same year, the company ' s revenue growth during the first quarter, though declining, was largely positive, and net profit growth was smoother. The weighted annual roe 16.9 per cent was increased by 0.3 percentage points to $2.53 trillion in the same quarter, and the rate of growth fell somewhat above the overall level of the industry.
At the end of the season, the core-level capital adequacy rate was 9.60 per cent, a slight decrease of 15 bps compared with the beginning of the year. Net interest differentials performed well, with a small increase in fees. (1) The average net interest rate per day disclosed by the company was 2.00 per cent, a decrease of 24 bps compared to the previous quarter, mainly because the net rate difference was the highest in the year.
The decline in the accumulation of assets and the fall in net revenue resulted in an increase in interest income of only 8.0 per cent over the same period. But by round, the quarterly net difference was 10 bps compared to the last four quarters and 4 bps compared to the last three quarters, and the net interest income is expected to pick up again with the decline in the base. (2) Net revenue from fees increased on the same basis in the first quarter.
2.9% longer than the negative growth reported last year. (3) With the improvement of the debt market, the non-interest income of companies increased by 12% in the first quarter, and the quality of assets continued to improve and the provision continued to exceed the mark.
A decline of 14bps to 0.94%, which has improved continuously since last quarter. The company’s poor rate at the end of the season is small.
“13.9% of the total amount is still overvalued, security is high and growth in future performance is expected.
Bank Ningbo (002142.sz) - Steady Growth in Performance, Full Provision - Bank Ningpo (002142.sz) - Quarterly Review 2022 - Bright Eyes in Deposit Growth - Corporate performance as a whole is stable and fundamentals remain excellent, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them