Bank Ningbo incident: On 28 April, Bank Ningpo published a first-quarter report for 2023, and 1q23 was collected and pre-positioned by Bank Ningpo was established on 10 April 1997 and July 2007
The weighted average roe is 16.9%. The year-on-year +0.27pct. We rate as follows: 19th became the country's first city commercial bank to be listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
q1 non-interest income increased by 9.2% on a year-on-year basis (1.4% in 2022), with the same income for the purpose of providing diversified financial services to clients and the creation of a "public".
q1 net interest income increased by 8.0 per cent over the year, cards, paper business, investment banks, asset hosting, asset management”
The nine largest profit centres, which initially formed a diversified business growth model, slowed down faster than industry averages and benefited from a faster expansion in size and a basic margin of interest and a good brand image.
Noteworthy is the slight slowdown in corporate credit expansion. q1 credit increased by 18.0% on a year-on-year basis, at a lower rate than in the previous year and the same period. But, given the impact of dollar interest hikes on foreign-currency lending demand, the growth of RMB1 lending is still better. We judge the impact of foreign-currency lending needs as a one-time impact.
On the one hand, we judge that the firm’s lending period is shorter, and the lpr downs, compresses the low-interest-rate instrument assets. We expect that the firm’s subsequent net interest differentials will have a relatively small downward pressure, and the q2 net interest income growth is expected to pick up steadily. (3) Provision is made to offset the profit growth rate. q1 asset quality remains stable.
Ken, corporate credit costs are 1.33 per cent, a 73bp drop in the same year, and asset impairment losses are 12.9 per cent lower in the same year. The provision of countervailing funds is an important driver of the profit growth rate remaining high.
q1 deposits are growing dramatically. q1 deposits are 22.3% higher than at the beginning of the year, largely completing year-round pressure to market deposits. Good clients and ability to service public clients, and many years of e-distribution and settlement operations, have resulted in a systematization suit q1 negative-rate ring of 1 bp to 0.76% slightly higher and asset quality continues to improve.
But concern was expressed about the decline in the loan ratio by 4bp to 0.54%. The static asset quality indicators continued to be excellent. On a dynamic note, investment proposals: Ningpo Bank has soared in the long triangle, benefiting from regional economic development; institutional mechanisms are better and market-oriented. Companies are forward-looking in terms of price swings, strong multi-income structures and sustainability.
Prudent wind control has gone through the cycle test, and we appreciate the company's continued growth. The management strategy is expected to move steadily forward, the profit centre is expected to be further consolidated, and the out-of-date shift 2023-2025 is expected to have an impact on the banking environment, the speed of the bank's growth scale, the level of net interest differentials, and the quality of assets.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery: Figure 1: Net profit of Bank Ningpo 1q23 increased by 15.3 per cent from year to year
Figure 2: The performance of Bank Ningbo at 2022, 1q23 splits Figure 3: Bank Ningbo loans at the end of March increased by 18.0 per cent, deposits increased by 22.3 per cent, and Figure 4: Bank Ningbo net interest difference of 1q23 was 2.0 per cent, a decrease of 2bp from 2022
Figure 5: Ningpo Bank ' s non-performing loan rate by the end of March showed a slight increase of 1 bp to 0.76 per cent; Figure 6: Ningpo Bank ' s extended coverage by the end of March dropped by 3.46 pct to 501.5 per cent.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the bank of Ningbo (002142): the bright growth of deposits, the continued excellence of fundamentals, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Liam, Master of Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, England. Years of experience in banking, history of gold securities, sea-ton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Ningpo Bank (002142): deposits grow brightly, and the fundamentals continue to be superior, without any guarantee that the information and advice contained will not change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.