Events: In recent days, Ningpo Bank has disclosed annual reports for 2022: net profit return ratio + 18,05 per cent (last three quarters: +20, 16 per cent): Ningpo Bank (002142)
In 2022, the Ningbo bank was the fifth largest in 12 listed comptoirs; the net profit return was the same as +18.05 per cent.
Corporate performance has grown faster, largely as a result of high scale expansion and the provision of counter-milk support, alleviating the stratified pressure on interest differentials and non-interest income. The slowdown in revenue collection and performance has been largely due to non-interest income drags other than revenue.
\triangleright \triangleright (7bp to 1.67%) has been on the move for two consecutive quarters, in the upper city comptoir,
Interest-bearing asset yields and interest-bearing liability cost rates are higher than in the first half of the year -1 bp and -5 bp, respectively. Companies are committed to optimizing the asset-liability structure, with average annual loan balances as a proportion of interest-bearing assets being higher than in the first half +17 bp, and deposit balances as a proportion of interest-bearing liabilities being higher than in the first half +29 bp. Companies are continuing to deepen their large retail strategy, q4, end of year q4.
Personal loans/total loans, personal deposits/total deposits are at the end of q2 +1,48pct, +2,57pt. \triangleright 0.58%, but remain low in the listed banks, with less pressure on hidden non-performing loans.
Deposits are growing faster and capital is reasonably abundant. Company size is growing faster, total assets at the end of q4, total liabilities are split \triangleright earnings forecast: companies are plowing into high-quality business areas, deepening the construction of diversified profit centers, focusing on large retail and light
Capital operations, the foundation of wealth management operations have been significantly strengthened, retail aum at the end of q4, number of private customers, private aum risk factors: the economy has fallen short of expectations, policies have fallen short of expectations and asset quality has deteriorated significantly. \triangleright, etc.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Figure 1: Growth in revenue and performance on a year-on-year basis Figure 2: Cumulative increase in performance on a year-on-year basis Vs. Industry-wide level Figure 3: Analysis of the causes of the increase in performance
Figure 4: Cumulative annualized weighted roe and roa Figure 6: Negative rate vs. Industry Figure 7: Provision for coverage vs. Industry
In November 2019, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liao Yiu, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, accepted as a candidate for the School of Honour, Financial Science and Testing. Experiences related to leasing, private collection, banking, and securities. Previous studies in finance, household electricity, and colored industries.
Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy granted by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.