On April 28, 2023, and the first quarter of 2024, the five grain fluids report @cfsc.com.cn
The growth rate of double-digit targets was met, with steady growth maintained, with slightly higher than expected performance of q1 and steady growth of q1. The total revenue in 2023 was $83,272 million 0.47 pcts.
This is due to the higher exchange rate and the lower collection of bank bills due to their maturity.
In 2023, alcohol/plastic/print/bottles/other harvests developed classic five-food fluids, with more than 11 billion brands showing up in spring evenings and more than 5.8 billion interactive transmissions in autumn.
During the conference, the daily average bottle-opening was more than 70 per cent higher, and the terminal coverage continued to expand, striving for full-channel layout, with an east/south/west/north/central harvest in 2023, respectively.
In terms of traditional channels, companies add 26,000 new core terminals throughout the year, and the annual target gross sales keep a steady double-digit growth and are on track. We appreciate the firm’s determination to maintain the price system, the confidence of the channel is returning, and the public is accelerating.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, undergrowth of the season, underpriced food beverages, Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of food beverage sellers' research experience, full coverage of the food beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the NSS, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential stock; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has been deeply marketed and seen as sub-high white wine and soft drinks.
Liaoyan State: Master of Arts, cfa, 3 years of research in the food and beverage industry at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and wine.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.