Continued consolidation of the “stable” tone, building on the force of the “advanced” - the event review report of the P5 (000858.sz) company, held on 28 June 2023 at Euibin headquarters.
Sonss@cfsc.com.cn focuses on strong solids, branding channels, and companies through five focuses on strong solids: first, focus on steady growth, business performance.
A new step; eight consecutive years of double-digit growth in total corporate income and profits; 30 billion dollars in net profit and tax payments in 2023; 10 billion steps in a row for four consecutive years; over 10 billion in a row for four consecutive years.
Quality is raised, quality is built on new steps; company-level alcohol production is innovative, and two new national skill development platforms are added. Thirdly, focus tree brands, brands, brands, brands, and brands.
Fourth, to gather the market, to market the new steps; and to put the main brand on the new purple gas, eastbound, 45 degrees, 68 degrees, and the Dragon Year wine. In addition, the series of wines has a new 1218 brands, five foods and Michun, among others.
The traditional, direct and emerging channels, the series of wines to strengthen the terminal, the International Award and the six outstanding cases.
The company focuses its efforts on five areas: one is to stay steady and move in, and the company's products are characterized by a “three-high and one-low”, i.e., a high rate of occupancy, a high rate of repurchase, a high rate of opening, and a low social stock, which is the greatest advantage and the bottom line. The other is to insist on quality.
1. Five Foods fluids (000858): Performance is a little overstretched, combining quality improvements and productivity gains, and sustaining the pursuit of excellence in support of quality development in enterprises.
2. " Five grain fluids (000858): steady batch prices and focused advocacy to continuously return to high-quality business development with brand value " . 3 and " Five grain fluids (000858): terminal price increases.
Card marketing, both in terms of the overall branding system and with a more focused focus on market precision. Fourth, it is consistent with positive innovation, combining growth with qualitative uplifting, and continuously driving high-quality business development with higher market shares.
On top of this, the "1+3" product matrix will continue to be enriched and refined. It will be close to the needs of a diversified and personalized market.
The fifth is adherence to systems governance, integration of system building and efficiency enhancement, and the maintenance of modern management to ensure high-quality business development. At the same time, it will continue to increase steadily the distribution of cash, and continue to increase its value.
We look forward to firm growth, progress, consolidation of sound and high-quality development, and the strengthening of strong white and white branding leaders to accelerate the return of corporate brand values. The expected macroeconomic downside risks, slower growth in the season, and less than expected price increases.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The short- and medium-term potential is captured in the short-term; the hard work of thinking about the white wine plate, the deep-seated thinking and insight into the Sou wine is a sub-high-end white wine and soft-drink plate.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, or because of specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.