Increased profitability, medium-term growth driven by the Indonesian project Date: 26 October 2020 - 3-quarterly report of the South Mountain Aluminium Industry (600219)
The company released its third quarter performance in 2020, yielding $15,600 million, corresponding to 4.4 per cent, and the parent net profit group, Inc. The product mix upgrade contributed to higher profitability on a par: in the first three quarters, the average aluminium price was slightly lower in the same background as in the previous three quarters.
Under this, corporate revenue was the same as -44 per cent, and the increase in the product mix resulted in an increase of 3.1 pct over the same period in 19 years, resulting in net profit of the same year +12.0 per cent; the q3 performance ring was largely flat.
The market value of the share in circulation a (millions of tons) - electrolytic aluminium (8.16 million tons) - aluminium (heat-rolling 900,000 tons, cold-rolling 800,000 tons, aluminium 70 million tons, exercise material 14,000 tons) integrated layout, distributed within 45 km2, with electrolytic aluminium entirely self-contained
The company’s research and development costs have increased significantly in the last 19 years, and investments in aviation and high-end aluminium are expected to open up new growth points.
The bulk supply conditions are in place; some of the projects related to the development of aluminium production technologies for light-quantified automobiles have already been delivered in bulk.
The project in Indonesia provides growth: 1 million tons of aluminium oxide each in phase I and II in Indonesia, one pre-period Data cut-off date: 26 October 2020
Work on the port construction and civil construction works has been largely completed, and the installation of equipment is expected to be ready for production in 21 years: Phase II has completed the construction of the drawings. The project in Indonesia is expected to increase the profitability of companies by using the rich local resources of aluminium, earth and coal for the production of aluminium oxide.
The company's recent announcement is no more than 400 million members.
The scheme, which is designed to increase the number of workers in the South Mountain Group and its associated companies (except for listed companies), is not more than $400 million. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: three quarterly reports are slightly over-expected, considering product upgrading and investment in Indonesia.
Risk factors: downstream demand less than expected, electrolytic aluminium price fluctuations.