Cars, commercial cars, profits paid to mothers in 23 years at $1.65 billion, +11.5 per cent, non-profits at $1.30 billion, predominantly 1.) Domestic repairs: 23 years of high demand for seats, and q4 bus rings.
Warm (average bicycles are more profitable) while Woo-tung continues to opt for a higher Māori in the domestic market against the backdrop of an optimal industry pattern; 2) lower cost: lower projected cost (Lithium Carbonate prices, etc.) and scale effect Utong exports year on year +78.9%, with a sustained increase in the ratio of high-end, custom-made vehicles to higher-end overseas prices.
Looking forward to 2024, the cycle and growth resonance will continue, and Utsong’s performance will continue to be released. At the end of the industry: 1 domestic recovery: our share of seat and bus sales in 2024 (the 22-year subsidy downturn effects gradually digested + the economy’s warming boosted government procurement) is expected to continue to repair; 2 export releases: 22 years of high- and middle-level overseas passenger sales.
About 200,000 vehicles (about 270,000 pre-epidemiological stabilizers) with less than 10 per cent penetration of new energy sources, with a higher level of upscaling space compared to domestic assets, and multinational overseas designated policies to promote replacement of new energy passenger vehicles; Wootong terminal: 1 export Utong passenger vehicle (600066.sh) - excellent cash flow and export performance, with a net three-quarter gain
Market Woo-tung created an innovative model of “Technology+Services Export” to capture the new energy development window overseas for the second-quarter profit-making and ring-up of the Woo-tweeper (600066.sh) - good idea: a further breakthrough from the “manufacture-to-sale” to the “manufacture-to-service-solution” orientation, competition, competition.
Utunbus (600066.sh) - Second quarter double profit and net profit continues to rise upwards; the company ' s overseas deployment is gradually moving from Asia, Latin America, Africa, etc., to Europe and other buses, Utunbus (600066.sh) - Analysis of the value of the current node core investment -
Industrially developed regions are expanding to drive industrial value chains to mid-to-high ends and are expected to benefit fully from new energy opportunities overseas: 2 domestic market Wootsung is improving Māori in domestic risk control + preferred markets, and domestic companies are expected to continue to generate higher revenues from the Wootongbus (600066.sh) - single-car business, with a net profit of one quarter
Investment proposal: The world’s center-to-door guest, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. Considering the continued release of overseas orders, the number of buses sold by Woo-toon annually was 36518, an increase of 20.9 per cent compared to the previous 20.9 per cent, of which 1,0165 vehicles were exported, an increase of 78.9 per cent compared to 78.9 per cent.
Domestic sales were 26,353 vehicles, i.e. +7.5%. For the quarter of the dismantling, the total sales volume was 2,244, i.e. 10,243 vehicles, i.e. 8.9%/-8.1% of the same ring, domestic repairs, high overseas increases, cost optimization trio, driving Yutong’s performance in 2023. If, according to the performance announcement, Utsong’s profits in 23 years were 1.65 billion yuan, i.e. + 117.5%, non-profit profits of 1.3 billion yuan, i.e., +420%.
If the asset impairment is restored (with a reduction of $450 million in the nine long-term financial equity investments held), it should correspond to the 2023 operation of the 04 bus ring, which is better than heating (average single-car profit), while Woo-Tong continues to opt for Māori promotion in the domestic market in the context of optimal industry patterns; and 2) lower cost: lower projected costs (dithium carbonate prices, etc.) and higher scale effects.
(iii) Higher overseas rates: overseas price resonance, higher end-to-end exports (23 years Utun exit ratio + 78.9 per cent) and higher end-to-end, custom-made vehicle-type ratios continued to rise.
Figure 4: Distribution of Woo-tung medium passenger vehicles, Figure 5: Collection of U-Ton passenger vehicles (millions of dollars) Figure 6: Net profit of U-Ton passenger vehicles (millions of dollars)
In the context of a “one-way” environment, Woo-tung's overseas market is moving well and is expected to make a sustained contribution. Overseas operations are expanding continuously, and the technology-plus service export model is moving well. By the first half of 2023, companies have exported more than 90,000 passenger vehicles of all types, with products sold far away to Chile, Mexico, Ethiopia, Angola, Angola, Mexico, and the United States.
Tanzania, the Philippines, Australia, Malaysia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Qatar, the United Kingdom, France, Denmark, Norway, Finland, and other major countries and areas of global bus demand. In the main target markets, companies have become one of the main bus suppliers.
The company has cumulatively exported more than 3,700 new energy passenger vehicles, generating bulk sales and good operations in more than 30 countries or regions abroad, such as Qatar, Mexico, Chile, Singapore, Australia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Norway, Denmark, France, etc.
In 2022, the largest electric vehicle station in the world was inaugurated in Lussel, and authorized to manage maintenance services, and was installed through an internationalized transport team, responsible for the pdi inspection of electric vehicles, daily maintenance, fault diagnosis, technical guidance, remote support, etc.
cyclical management. Localized co-operation in kd assembly in more than a dozen countries and territories, including Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Egypt, Malaysia, towards an innovative business model from product exports to “technology exports.” Figure 8: Increased share of overseas sales of UTAs (billion yuan)
In November, 263 Woo-tung new energy buses were delivered to Saudi Arabia, and offshore markets continued to deepen. In the “one-way” landscape, with the recovery of the global economy and improved demand for public transport, as well as major competitions and exhibitions scheduled, demand for the bus industry is expected to grow steadily, while new energy buses are recognized by society.
The demand for new energy sources in overseas markets will continue to rise rapidly as a result of environmental protection requirements, international image enhancement and advances in new energy vehicle technology and increasing economic viability: In early November, Woo-tung again delivered 263 xk6138h to the Saudi Transport Development Agency tga long-distance passenger transport project
By the beginning of this year, the country’s first electric bus was officially operational in Jeddah, ending the era of Saudi public transport with only a fuel truck; in addition, the new city of the Red Sea, known as the “new Saudi city”, was introduced to the first new energy bus.
Woo-tung contributed to the sustainable development of the Red Sea and witnessed the diversification of the Saudi economy under the “one way” initiative. At the beginning of October, 126 Woo-tung new energy sources were delivered to Denmark, and now these pure electric buses are being invested.
With the delivery of the main urban mainlines in the capital cities of Copenhagen, Heining, Roskill and Odense, Woo-Tung will have 500 electric buses in the Danish market, becoming the country's largest new energy passenger vehicle provider, and Denmark will thus be the country with the largest electric passenger vehicle holdings in Europe.
One of them. With high reliability, low failure rates, low energy consumption, good ratings from Danish clients, after more than two years of operation in the Danish market, vehicles have been fully certified in all their aspects, and Woo-tung has gradually established his foot in the Danish market, achieving a significant breakthrough from zero to one, showing a strong “China-manufactured” resilience.
To date, Woo-tung has become Denmark’s first pure, with more than 50% of its electric passenger vehicles. On 4 July, Woo-tung held a Chinese passenger bus batching ceremony in Kazakhstan. Once again, the Woo-tung bus was imported into Kazakhstan with a total of 224 vehicles; the first 50 buses were on the line, 20 of which were 18 metres pure.
An electric bus, the longest and highest-end new energy passenger vehicle in Kazakhstan, has so far been introduced. This batch of purely mobile passenger vehicles can meet the large passenger traffic requirements of the capital's main main main road, which is combined to the main road, and continues its journey of up to 400 kilometres, providing an important driving force for the green and sustainable development of the capital of Kazakhstan.
In early April, following the delivery of 800 buses from Uzbekistan, as shown by the Bus Information Network, 150 first single buses from Kazakhstan arrived in Karakanda region, Qaztehna.
On 16 February, Yutung announced that he had obtained orders for 550 Saudi Arabian buses, of which 300 medium- and high-end buses c13pro (zk6138h) had been handed over to the Saudi Garden City - Riyadh.
The delivery will continue in April/May. 300 high-end road buses delivered will be shipped to Li Yadh’s long-range public transport line. The Utong bus has been in the Saudi market for the first time since 2006 for 17 years, building a Chinese-made brand image and market slogan.
On March 2, Woo-tung announced the first delivery of the 800 passenger vehicle orders ordered by Uzbekistan, which will create a new record of Chinese exports to Uzbek buses, the largest new energy passenger vehicle order since this year. The order will consist of 300 pure electric power and 500 congs of natural gas, which are expected to be renewed in the interior of the country.
On the basis of the core “3 power” technology, Wootong offers Uzbekistan a customized product solution, establishes a permanent local post-sales specialist team, organizes regular training for customer drivers, and follows the vehicle on the line on an irregular basis, and stores nearly $130,000 in local spare parts to ensure the safe and efficient operation of the vehicle, first of all
Uzbekistan, which has introduced the second largest amount of new energy passenger vehicles, will, with the help of U-Tung, make a transition to electricity and low-carbonization in public transport. Woo-tung, who entered the Saudi market in 2006, has for many years continued to follow the “high-end” and “internationalized” product route.
Create brand values and technical barriers through high-end vehicles to provide Saudi-specific climate environments with services and products that are more compatible with Saudi Arabia’s 550 passenger vehicle orders, camp scenes. 15 direct-service teams are also set up to provide one-stop nanny services to clients
The personnel of the personnel of the personnel of the personnel of the personnel of the personnel of the personnel of the personnel of the personnel of the personnel of the personnel of the personnel of the personnel of the personnel of the personnel of Saudi Arabia following the successive deliveries of 550c13pro (zk6138h) in Saudi Arabia in February 2023 were constructed with characteristics such as the length and intensity of the climate and vehicle operations and the operation of the mountain areas.
SWAT-Riyadh – The remaining 250 entrances, in the middle of the hour, and the innovative use of anmt gearbox to match the engine engine, the small speed-to-speed gear tank, together with the large baggage cabin space, make the first technological change to install the 600l tank in front of the wheel without occupying the large baggage compartment space, while using the unique second-generation thermal management technology of Woo-ton to improve the comfort and economics of the whole vehicle.
After entering the Ethiopian market for the first time in 2009, in addition to providing Ethiopia with high-quality products and uniforms, Woo-tung ' s 110 bus batch delivery ceremony, and with the rapid development of the Ethiopian economy, Woo-tung also prepared and researched ahead of schedule, according to the Government ' s plan, the development of the brt 110 and pure electric passenger vehicles in Addis Ababa, the capital of Ethiopia, and plans to upgrade the local automobile industry to provide them.
A large amount of technical and human resource training support was provided to meet the growing public transport development, vehicles and vehicles in Ethiopia in September 2022 at Meskel Square, Ethiopia.
On November 30, 2020, with the leading new energy technologies and products, the Utopia passenger vehicle contracted 1002 vehicles with the Qatar National Transport Company via the skyline, and in December 20, 741 competitions were officially exported by car.
Qatar's single 60 Wooming 7s to complete a total of more curry. Qatar's chairman of the Busworld Academic Council, Janrichardkdeman, highly valued
The upgrading of urban public transport prior to the race highlighted the performance of the Woo-tung pure electric bus in the event and, on behalf of Busworld, honoured the bus as a “new energy green van.” Woo-tung also signed a framework agreement with the Qatar side for the construction of a free zone in Qatar.
The Utunyes technology and the pure electric new car were released, and now Wootong high-end pure electric road bust13e is once again “lighting” Chile, once again receiving the unanimous approval of Chilean traffic: the Director of Yutong high-end pure electricity, and so on, in Chile in 2005. For 17 years, Wootong has provided Chile with more than one shot.
In 2012, Chile's national football team chose the Woo-tung bus as a special bus for the country's team;
Single records also mark the official start of the electricization of public transport in Chile. In 2019, Yutun Mexico and Mexico City Electric Transport Services (MEXCO) re-claimed all of them for electric public transport, and in March 2019, Mexico City Electric Transport Services (MEXCO) purchased Wootong.
Purchase of 100 12-metre dual-source non-tradable public transports 10,000; continued strategic cooperation between the two sides over the years; and, to date, electric transport vehicles in Mexico City, which are expected to be officially launched in November 2022
A total of 301 new energy vehicles were owned by the service company, which accounted for 66.8 per cent of the total number of vehicles operated by the company ' s electric transport services in Mexico City; in September 22, Mexico ' s capital, Mexico, the first high-speed bus line was officially operational, and the unorbited electric vehicles used by the line were manufactured by the bus.
Looking ahead, with the recovery of the global economy and improved demand for public transport, as well as major events, exhibitions and events on schedule, it is expected that demand in the bus industry will continue to grow in a resilient manner and that, with the growing recognition of the new energy bus society, environmental protection requirements, international image enhancement and new energy vehicle technology will continue to evolve,
The demand for new energy sources in overseas markets will continue to rise rapidly as a result of, inter alia, increasing economic performance.