Promotion of the concept of "three or one things", asset restructuring support company development, recommendation (first) for Xu Engineering Machinery (000425) 2021h1 performance forecast
Incidents: Xu's semi-annual performance forecast for 2021, which the company expects to achieve in the first half of 2021 is attributable to Huang Xuyu's semi-annual performance forecast for a rapid increase in net profit for the mother.
Liu Hengwen, a company with a record high net profit in the first half of the year, is expected to exceed its net profit of 3,729 million miles throughout 2020. The demand for machine equipment has risen to boost the company’s performance.
By 2020, the company will be fully implementing and enforcing a transition to a high-quality, effective, efficient, and sustainable “three-high” concept.
It began to show results, with a net return profit of $1,295 million, an increase of 115.58 per cent. In addition, in April 2021, the company planned a major asset restructuring programme to absorb the merger of Xu to a limited number of shareholders, including shareholdings. Reorganization would help optimize the product structure of the company, technology, etc.
Merger, more favourable to industrial chain layout, and higher corporate competitiveness. At the same time, companies revise their top-level pay systems, improve their corporate reward and penalty mechanisms, and motivate their managers.
This depends on firm corporate approaches to high-quality and technological innovation. At the same time, companies, in close proximity to national guidance, have begun to build new patterns of high-standard data-driven intelligent manufacturing.
The company has promoted a strategy of internationalization by setting up direct operations in Russia, the United States, Germany and cities all along the border, building a network of channels across the board to further strengthen the international market marketing service structure and technology levels of the company's products, and helping to improve the company's overall competitiveness; and, at the same time, downstream bases.
The construction and real estate sectors remain high, and demand is expected to boost corporate business growth. For the first time, asset restructuring has not worked as well as expected.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.