The net profit increases brightly, and the net profit increases the core competitiveness, and Xu's mid-21s report a steady increase in revenue, and the net profit increases brightly.
\triangleright’s net profit growth rate is impressive. For products by product, the income from cranes is 19.8 billion yuan, an increase of 50.37 per cent in the same year, the income from shovelers is 4.7 billion yuan, an increase of 52.06 per cent in the same year, and the income from plant machinery is 5.29 billion yuan, an increase of 49.88 per cent in the same year.
The faster growth was mainly due to the fact that market demand remained strong and sales revenues increased significantly. Net interest rates rose slightly, and the cash flow situation, which boosted repayments, improved considerably.
0.27/0.19%; in cash flow, the net operating cash flow of the company was 3,750 million yuan, an increase of 648.6% over the previous year, a significant improvement over the previous year, owing mainly to the company’s increased loan recovery efforts, its active adjustment of its sales model, and its better repayments.
\triangleright has built an internationalized model of export trade, overseas greenfield construction, cross-border M & As and global R & D, and has accelerated the globalization of its operations, generating $4.85 billion in overseas revenue in the first half of the year, an increase of 68.5 per cent.
The region, Africa and Europe, have well-developed marketing networks in 64 countries, with 20 spare parts centres, nearly 400 service points and more than 120 spare parts networks, while companies have 300 distributors and marketing networks covering more than 180 countries and territories around the world.
According to yellowtable published by khl, Xu Xu jumped from the fourth place in the world in 21 to the third place in the world, becoming the only Chinese enterprise to enter the world's first triad, while Xu Xu was ranked first in China's engineering and machinery industry for eight years in a row.
After the company's April 2021 asset restructuring plan was published, Xu's limited-flag excavators, concrete machines, miners, towers, etc. were injected into listed companies, which helped to optimize the industrial structure of listed companies and improve the layout of the industry.
In addition, the company’s research assistant Xu Xu Xu’s “IQ 4.0” research assistant: O’yang Xiao’s new model was built to push the company’s digital transformation, accelerating the intellectual manufacturing to the world’s top level, 21 years.
During the first half of the year, the company accelerated the digital upgrading around key links, improved business synergies and operational management effectiveness, and externally supported coalition building and customer service satisfaction, not only building X-dsc, a global digital supply chain platform (x-dsc) for Xu, but also spearheading the upgrading of sapec to s/4hana within the industry.
The Division also built the Xu's warehouse logistics management platform wms, a continuous development of the digitization strategy, which, in the long term, will provide a clear direction for the future direction of the company and will provide a powerful boost to the growth of its performance.
Globalisation has accelerated the digital transformation, the core competitiveness of firms has become apparent and the profitability of firms is expected to be far below the historical valuation hub, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The growth of overseas markets has been hampered by increased competition and less than expected improvement in the market. Corporate financial statement data projections are summarized.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to practice securities investment consultancy, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and that, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.