The proposed $38.7 billion to absorb Xu's merger is limited to excavators and tower assets.
Incident: On the night of 29 September, the company released a draft merger, with a proposed share of 6.97 billion to Xu's limited shareholders
The sum of US$ 10,1.6 billion (a 37.40 per cent change) and net profits from US$ 3.7 billion to US$ 4.6 billion (a 22.52 per cent change). The group's engineering and machinery assets are on the market as a whole, and the income of the “new Xu workers” is expected to leapfrog to the top of the industry, helping to optimize the industrial structure of the listed companies, improve their industrial layout and increase their profitability.
The locks were regularly implemented by the Xu Engineering Group, the employee holding platform (Su's gold sail) until the 31st of the month, with a total net profit after the seizure of Xu's excavator and Xu's tower in 2021-2023.
• To build a new base for the sanitation industry – $0.04 million. The environmental industry is one of the 10 strategic industries that the company has been working on, making a strong link to continue to do so.
With a view to achieving high-quality, efficient, effective and sustainable “three-high and one-high-quality development”, the company intends to increase RMB 352 million (800 million registered capital after replenishment) to its fully-owned subsidiary, Xu, for the construction of a new base for the sanitation industry and for the construction of a smart manufacturing and research and development base for high-end sanitation equipment.
Mid-year review: mixed-up releases performance, mixed-up efficiency increases profitability, seeing O3 performance elasticity continue to release, progressively improving market-based evaluation mechanisms, and leading industries with single-season net interest rate improvements since 2004, with net profits rising at the same rate as the previous year.
2 Xu Engineering Mechanics (000425): Combining significantly releases performance elasticity, global megaspaces, and we expect 2103 single-quarter net interest rates to remain up and up, looking at three quarters of performance elastic release.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: given that the merger is still to be approved or approved by the General Association of Company Shareholders, the Jiangsu State Investment Commission and the CSRC, we will not consider the impact of the restructuring on the performance of the company and maintain the net profit on the company from 2021-2023.