Xu Engineering and Mechanics (000425) reported a significant increase in net profits in the first half of the year, a smooth improvement, a steady increase in profits since 2020q4 and a smooth change in profits.
Starting with 20q4, the net return profits of the company grew significantly, with 20q4 and 21q1 growing at the same rate in the first quarter of the year, with market value in circulation (millions of dollars):
On April 6, the company issued an announcement that it intended to absorb the merger, including through a limited distribution of shares to shareholders, Xu's shareholdings.
Xu's limited scope includes excavators, towers, concrete machines, mine machines, and four major engineering and mechanical assets, which are expected to be marketed as a whole after absorption. According to Xu's limited public disclosure, Xu's recovery in 2020
For $23.1 billion, Xu's construction machine, $6.2 billion, Xu's engineering machine, $6.1 billion, Xu's mining plant, $2.8 billion, and a total revenue of $38.2 billion, of which Xu Xu Xiao's valuation - Xu's heavy assets (000425)
The Māori rate for excavators is 31.5 per cent, well above the 17.1 per cent rate for listed companies, and it is expected that quality asset injections will result in a pre-emptive evaluation: official acceleration of the injection of core assets and a breakdown in the mix will result in a significant increase in the volume of listed companies and increase the level of profit.
The cranes show a high rate of growth beyond the industry, and the foreign market is breaking through.
The annual report shows that q2 came out of the epidemic and that the year-end mix was worth making.
The city's share was about 40%, with the company's total sales of the three main sections of cars, tracks, towers and cranes growing by more than 50% in the previous April, or nearly 20 percentage points more than in the industry. In addition, Xu was the first to export to international markets, including in Central Asia, Russia, Kazakhstan, Africa, etc.
And the rest of the countries are far ahead of the market, with major breakthroughs in high-end markets in Europe and the US. Complimented by increased competition in pontoon markets, less than expected improvements in blending, and rising prices of raw materials.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.