Low-key profit growth does not hide beautiful fundamentals — a detailed reading of the fast-growing profits before the semi-annual budget of the Peace Bank in 2020.
On August 27, the company released its semi-annual report for 2020. The “low-key” rate of profit does not mask the fact that the company’s fundamentals have improved rapidly. The net return profit for the first half of the year fell by 11.20% in comparison with the previous year.
The cost of interest-bearing liabilities is 2.42%, a decrease of 12bp and 22bp from the previous quarter and last year, respectively. Companies have stepped up deposit controls to reduce higher-cost negotiated and structured deposits, resulting in and 27bp.
Six months of real-estate investment and trading in goods have been the first to warm, and the company has seized the lead in restoring demand for loans. The rate of poor performance has been flat, the rate of innovation in the provision has been high, the rate at the end of the six months has been 1.65%, the rate has been flat for two consecutive quarters, and the quality of assets is much better than that of the industry.
At the end of the six-month period, the core-level capital adequacy rate was 8.93%, with a 27bp drop in the ring ratio. The capital level was adequate. As light capitalization accelerated, the company’s capital loss would also be reduced.
The size of the ring increased by 8.64 per cent, compared with 32.28 per cent, and retail aum reached 2.32 trillion yuan. Given the positive performance of the company’s established retail strategy, the chronic problem of high deposit rates was addressed, the quality of assets was far away, the quality of assets fluctuated, interest rates in the centre fell, and the recovery fell short of expectations.
Peace Bank (00001): Without fear of the effects of the epidemic, in the depths of 2. Peace Bank (00001): Zero sales against public fists and a clear signal of peace.
– A low-key profit increase does not hide the beautiful fundamentals,1 and the company released its semi-annual report for 2020 on 27 August, prior to the provision. The “low-key” profit growth cannot hide the fact that the company’s fundamentals were quickly repaired.
The net return profit for the first half of the year was 11.20% lower than the net profit for the first half of the year, and the net profit increase for the first half of the year was equal to that of commercial banks. The increase in profits for the first half of the year was 26.00 pct less than in the first quarter, mainly because the margin contribution to the net difference was reduced by a larger provision. Both factors were changing in tandem with the industry environment. However, if the impact of the provision was removed, the pre-provision performance would continue to be strong.
2. The interest rate on deposits has improved considerably, as well as the interest rate on deposits, which has fallen well, not only has the interest rate on co-financing improved the cost of corporate liabilities, but the company has also stepped up its deposit controls to reduce the cost of negotiated deposits and structural deposits. The interest rate on deposits has also improved markedly.
7bp and 11bp, respectively. Past market concerns about deposit pricing were resolved. Figure 3: Fair bank net interest spreads. Interest-bearing assets earned 4.90 per cent in the first half of the year, down by 13bp and 27bp from the first quarter and last year, respectively.
The interest rate on loans dropped by 26 bp in the first half of the year compared to last year, with interest rates on public and private loans not falling by 40 bp and 11 bp. In order to prevent the risk of the epidemic and to speed up business transformation, the company spent the first half of the year mainly on two types of lending: mortgages on public and private property and mortgages.
And real-estate investment and trading in merchandise were first warming in the first half of the year, and the company’s policy adjustments caught up with the recovery of loan demand. Credit card lending at the end of the six-month period had fallen to 0.30% per year. With the resumption of consumer activity in the second half of the year, credit card lending was expected to pick up at a rate that would support asset-end pricing.
The company’s six-month-old bad rate of 1.65% at the end of the year, which was equal in two consecutive quarters, largely absorbed the impact of the epidemic, and its assets were of much better quality than the industry. The company’s lending structure was dominated by large businesses and individual loans, guaranteed both by willingness and ability to repay.
The negative rate of public and private loans continued to rise and drop at the end of the six-month period, from 5 bp to 1.76 per cent and from 4 bp to 1.56 per cent, respectively. The rate of individual loans declined. The ratio of non-performing loans was 1.86 per cent and the ring decreased by 7 bp, which was lower in recent years. The deviation of loans more than 90 days overdue was 80 per cent, down by 2 pct from the end of the previous year.
At the end of the six-month period, the core-level capital adequacy rate was 8.93%, with a 27bp drop in the ring. The capital level was sufficient, with the light capitalization transition and the further expansion of retail aum at the end of the liability, opening the way for deeper inward-and-external linkages. For the first time, the number of retail customers at the end of the six-month period broke out by 100 million. The retail aum ring, driven by private aum, increased by 8.64%, compared with 32.28%, retail aum
It reached 2.32 trillion yuan in size. In the second quarter, the net revenue line for fees and commissions increased faster than the 7.24 per cent increase, owing to lower fair value gains and losses due to higher interest rates on bonds, mainly as a result of the personal agent fund and trust schemer, figure 8: Safe bank deposits, loans and assets increase at the same rate.
Figure 9: Capital adequacy at all levels of the Bank for Peace II. Focus on the value of long-term investments, maintain a “recommended” rating, benefit from excellent implementation capacity and strategic judgement, and achieve a timely reorientation of business in the first half of the year.
The impact of the crisis, in turn, has allowed the risk pack to be lightened and the pace of economic recovery to be kept in check. Given the firm’s established retail strategic shift to good performance, the old problem of high interest rates on deposits being addressed, and the high quality of assets well above the industry, the temporary low profit rate does not affect the company’s long-term investment value.
A summary of company financial statement data projections. Experiences related to leasing, private fund-raising, securities, and banking. Previous studies in finance, domestic electricity, and non-ferrous industries. Used to work in the Bank of China, joined in 2019. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,