In 2024, the company issued its annual report, with revenue of $11,767 million, which is a rapid increase in demand for servers and a further decrease in cost rates. In 2024, the company ' s Māori ratio fell by 3.01 pct compared to the same period last year.
Corporate server sales have increased, and companies have continued to lead the industry. In 2024, servers were second in the world, first in China; in 2024, storage capacity was first in the world, third in China; and in 2024, liquid cold.
In the first half of 2024, the peripheral server was the first in China.
The company developed and launched a large enterprise model development platform called "mechanical genre" epai (highest/lowest price platformofai within 12 months), "source 2.0-m32" open source large model, i-general server
Nf8260g7 and a number of products such as the national head 42kw smart and cold. < < High performance growth, industry ' s position continues to hold. < < On gtc in 2025, al chip tap nvidia > was launched.
First >--2024-08-27 New products in industry blackwellultragpu and open source reasoning framework dynamo, which promotes industry demand for < <ai ' infrastructure and full company acceptance
Continuing development. The outbreak of deepseek and the continued investment in the country’s Ali, bytes, have laid the foundation for growth in the domestic arithmetic sector. < < Performance is growing steadily, with full beneficiary trade intelligence
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has a Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
If you are not a Pacific Portfolio Partner, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not
In any case, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in this report does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors are free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, sharing the returns on securities or sharing the losses of securities investments in any form.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.