Wave information (000977.sz)
The company published its first quarterly report in 2025, and in the first quarter of 2025 it achieved operating income of $4.686 billion, i.e. +165.3 per cent of the year; the parent net profit of $463 million, i.e. +52.8 per cent of the year; and the non-mother net profit of $427 million, i.e., the Internet vendor's arithmetic demand led to a high rate of growth in the company's revenue, with a scale effect that reduced costs:
During the first quarter of the year, a high growth in corporate performance was driven by a strong demand for arithmetic markets and an increase in sales of company-ai servers. The q1 Māori rate fell by 4.68 percentage points in the same year by 3.45 percentage points, mainly due to an increase in sales by downstream Internet producers and the stronger bargaining power of the companies concerned.
In terms of cost rates, sales/management/research and development costs were 0.56/0.32/1.4 per cent, a rapid increase in cash flows compared to the same period, mainly due to good sales returns from companies during the current period, higher turnover rates and a change in the pace of purchase-back payments.
Around; Aribaba ' s capital expenditure increased significantly to 31.8 billion in the fourth quarter of 2024, with a significant 80 per cent increase in the ring; Ali declared that the next three years would be the highest relevant construction spending in the Group ' s history, and that it was expected to exceed 380 billion yuan in the next three years; and byte capital in 2024.
The renminbi will be used for arithmetical purchases. We believe that head Internet businesses continue to increase their numeracy and capital spending, and are expected to drive the server industry to maintain its high profile, and that the company, as a server leader, will put the server industry in a firm position, and that the one server, the liquid cold server, is unique:
idc data, the second largest server in the world in 2023, and the leading server industry in China. Meanwhile, according to idc data, China's liquid cold server market sales for 2023 amounted to $1.42 billion, an increase of 48.0 per cent, with 161,000 shipments, an increase of the same year.
Ten thousand, with a market share of 40.9%, are in the first place in China, with both sales and sales of liquid cold servers throughout the year. The company has a long-term placement in the ai field, with deep technical advantages and a strong leader. At the 10th Ipf Congress, the meta-cerebral intellectual pai was launched with a heavy weight, supporting a model of 100 billion parameters oriented towards industry.
Quick re-learning of knowledge and enabling the model to process millions of tokens of long files to solve the problem of window length deficiency; in terms of arithmetic, wave information combines Intel to release a universal server that can run a hundreds of billions of parameters; in terms of storage, companies publish distributional flash storage
As13000g7, addressing the big model training data challenge; interconnectivity, publishing the home-grown super-aai eethnet switch x 400, and accelerating the model training reasoning. Companies will benefit from the depth of the wave, and future performance is expected to continue to outperform market expectations.
Change; 3, downstream cloud computing, i’s industry is not growing as expected.