Wave Information (000977), performance rating 2024, high performance growth in 2024, high demand for ai servers
Events: Annual report of the company 2024, in 2024, the company achieved operating income of $11,767 million, an increase of 74.24 per cent over the same period; net profit to the mother of $2,292 million, an increase of 28.55 per cent over the same period; net profit to the non-retroactive parent of Robubin
Net profits, 1.874 billion yuan, an increase of 67.59 per cent over the same period, and firm performance, which is evidence of domestic arithmetic demand, remain high. In a single quarter, 2,024q4 companies achieved operating revenues of $31,642 million, an increase of 78.06 per cent over the same period; mothers ' net profits, $997 million, an increase of 0.13 per cent over the same period; and the deductions, a decline of 0.33 per cent over the next quarter.
In terms of profitability, in 2024, the company sold Chen Wei-Gwang was the result of an increase in the company’s business readiness and procurement payments during the reporting period.
In 2024, the company continued to focus on cloud computing, big data, and artificial intelligence as an intelligent area of computing. According to the latest data released by gartner, idc, the market share of corporate servers and storage products continued to be at the global top.
In 2024, the company server was ranked second in the world and first in China; storage capacity was ranked third in the world and first in China; liquid cold servers were ranked first in China.
With regard to algorithms, in 2024, the company launched a large corporate model development platform, "Meta Brains" epai, to help reduce the threshold for corporate ai applications development and deployment. At the same time, the company continues to promote the "source" model.
In 2024, an open-source model of “source 2.0-m32” was launched to construct a hybrid expert model (moe) with 32 experts (expert) to significantly improve the efficiency of the model. In 2024, the company released the first one of the industry to run a large model of hundreds of millions of parameters on only 4 cpu.
The universal server nf8260g7 is capable of meeting the general scenes of big model-based ai applications and cloud computing, databases, etc., and has published the eighth generation of meta-cerebral servers based on open-structure design, leading the industry towards “one core”, with more comprehensive intelligence and energy efficiency and capacity.
The stock, the contract liability, the order of the firm, and the demand for the server under the wave. As of 2024, the order was sufficient. In recent times, the leading Internet companies in the country, such as Ali Baba, Tseng, and others, have expressed an interest in each other.
Alibaba announced that more than RMB380 billion would be invested in the construction of cloud and ai hardware infrastructure, and that the associated capital spending would continue to boost the development and promotion of the ai. In the wave, the company would act as a server.
A leading firm is expected to benefit fully from the high-calculable demand of downstream Internet customers. Investment advice: a company, as a domestic server leader, is expected to continue to benefit from artificial intelligence production.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.