One-quarter high income innovation with a year-on-year net interest rate rise of 2.14 pcc above industry by 20.2 pct (24 years of global automobile production - 0.7%), company single square metre car estate price increases
If the impact of changes in accounting standards, such as reductive packaging costs, moves from sales to operating costs, comparable to 52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices, improved profitability benefits from continued realization of scale effects, and a 1.7 pct-to-per-year increase in North America's operating margins.
A 13.1% improvement in business, sustained efficiency gains, and a 27% decline in the price of the country’s heavy-grade pure alkali prices year-on-year. The intelligent evolution of car glass has accelerated, and the industry is expected to enter a new outbreak.
The screens and the skyscreens get in; the BMW proposes the p-hud concept, which accelerates the intellectualization of the car's glass. Fukuo focuses on technology and development, and now has high value-added products such as smart panorama glass, modifiable glass, glass up and up, with high value-added products up by 5 pct over 24 years compared to the same year, and is expected to enter a new wave.
At the end of the scale, the company sold 156 million square metres in 24 years, at 4.3 square metres per vehicle, equivalent to 36 million vehicles.
The global market is 36% +, with an increase of 1.88 pct over the same year. The company is active in Fukugi, Anhui, North America, with the prospect of opening a new cycle of production capacity, continuing to increase the head-to-head business rainbow-sniffing effect, and the city’s share is expected to continue to rise.
At the end of the price, the price of a single square metre was raised from 174 yuan in 20 years to 229 yuan in 24 years, with a capr at 7.0 per cent, and in Fukuyo Glass (600660.0.sh) - The global retray and outlook for car faucets - with high-value-added glass penetration, we predict an industry bicycle value of 7 per cent + in 25-27 years.
Glass of Favour (600660.0.sh) - Continuous improvement in North America's operations, product and output resonance.
Glass of Favour (600660.0.sh) — 76% increase in profit per four quarters alone, profitability, smartness, car glass is expected to increase from 4 m2 to 6 m2; 2) single square metre increase in value (hud, luminous, plating, insulation, wrapping, 5g communications, etc.), bicycle value
From $600 to $600 to the current year, the forward outlook is about $2,000 or more. With the opening of glass, p-hud, and smart products, industry is expected to continue to rise. Considering the company’s share of high-value-added products, growth and good overseas progress, we maintain the previous 25/26 profit forecast, which is expected to return to the mother for 25-27 years.
In 2024, the company’s net return to the mother grew by 33% in the same year, and in a single-quarter income innovation. In 2024, the glass was solidly 100 million yuan, 17% in the same year, ring + 10%; and the net return to the mother was 2.02 billion yuan, 34% in the same year and ring + 2% in the same year.
In 2024, the company ' s revenue from car glass exceeded the domestic automobile industry by 13 pct and the global automobile industry by 20 pct. Since 2013, the annual and quarterly growth rate of Fukuyo glass has increased to roughly the same level as that of the domestic car market, where the absolute rate of revenue growth has remained largely higher than that of the industry for the entire year 2024.
Intra-car production grew by 6.1% over the year, and corporate car glass receipts increased by 19.5% over the same year, exceeding industry by 13 pct. According to Marklines, global vehicle production in 2024 was 898 million, a decline of 0.7% over the same year, and corporate car glass revenues outpaced industry by 20 pct.
Figure 5: Comparison of the rate of increase in vehicle/car vehicle production and the rate of increase in glass camp. Figure 6: Comparison of the quarterly rate of increase in vehicle/car vehicle production and the rate of increase in glass camp
0.84 pct; if changes in accounting standards are considered to shift the cost of packaging from sales to operating costs, we analyse the benefits of improved corporate profitability from economies of scale realization, efficiency gains and cost of raw materials on the one hand, and the continued increase in corporate vehicle glass revenue and capacity utilization, on the other hand, and the continuous change in North American operations, on the other hand.
Quite well, corporate profitability has risen rapidly. In 2024, North America achieved income of $6.3 billion, operating profit rates of 13.1 per cent, $2844 per tot to $2404, $1617 per ton, down by about 43 per cent, and the cost of raw materials continued to increase.
Figure 10: A 43 per cent decline in the price of recombinant pure alkalis in the same year, with greater volatility, mainly due to 24 years of further strengthening of the company ' s system of retroactive quality management of the entire industrial chain of car glass, adjusting the cost of packaging to operating costs of 550 million yuan, recombination of comparable calibres, in April 2024
Four stages have made a difference, with the sea and high-value-added products starting a new phase. The auto glass industry has an oligopoly pattern, with a domestic market of over 70% and a global market of more than 36%, the youngest and fastest-growing member of the big car glass supplier. We summarize the glass.
The core competitiveness lies in the gene dividend of the rapidly growing productive capacity, the vertical extension of the industrial chain and the asset-intensive population sector, which is reflected in the company ' s high Maori, its high market share, and the history of Fukuyo Group and its founder, Mr. Cao Devon, and we believe that the core competitiveness of the company is formed at the following critical points. (1) 1987
(c) San Goban temporarily withdrew from the Chinese market in 1999 and continued to promote the internal layout;
In 2020, it was the world’s leading car glass, entering a new two-litre growth cycle. Fukuyo now holds more than 36% of the global market for car glass, with overseas layout (Europe, North America) and continued improvement in profitability, benefiting from an upturn in the price of bicycle glass, with high levels of certainty and value at the moment.
In 2024, the company sold 155.87 million square metres of glass, converted to 4.33 square metres of glass per vehicle, 10,000 vehicles, measured at 10 per cent of vehicle sales based on post-sale market demand, and 36 per cent of the global market for corporate car glass.
+1.88 ptc. Rolling in, with a 2 per cent annual increase in the use of single-car glass, the company's car sales of glass are measured for information purposes only; 3. Post-sale market demand is measured by 10 per cent of pre-loading)
There are about 32.5 million units of production in the country, accompanied by the construction of floating French lines such as Fukugi, Tombaki, Fertilizer, etc. Considering the domestic burden of domestic sales and exports in Europe and the United States, the company is actively expanding the Fertilizer and Fukugi plants and is expected to invest 3250 million yuan in the construction of 20.5 million square metres of gas, given the high demand for Fukugi glass and the high capacity of the company.
The scale of car safety glass production; $5.75 billion in compost to build 26.1 million m2 of car safety glass and two high-quality floating glass production lines. North America’s second-phase plant was launched, and the global layout of high-value-added products was further refined.
In North America, the company invested in a car glass production base in Ohio, United States (phase I), which began production in August 2015, and the company's largest global car glass monobody factory in Ohio, United States of America, which began production in October 2016, with an original US capacity of 5.5 million.
The new production capacity for high-value-added products such as plating the curtains, lacquer windows, and improving the layout of high-value-added production lines overseas. We believe that the expansion of this replenishment is expected to open a new cycle of capacity and continue to strengthen corporate head firms.
At the end of the price: continued research and development of inputs, high-value-added products as a percentage of the increase.
The size of the vehicle is expected to increase in synchronous fashion. In the 1990s, the size of the car's glass has reached 4 m2, and, as a result of the development of the modely demand for the skyscreen glass, open panorama windows and so on, the size of the car's glass has now reached 5 m2 or more, making it the largest spare parts for the use of the vehicle, and we're counting the first 55 models sold in the first half of this year's year.
Under the circumstances, the panorama (unopenable and larger than 0.5 m2) configuration has reached 15%, the big skylight is 47%, and the glass area of the bicycle is expected to continue to rise, while smart glass, such as smart lighting, heat insulation, is expected to speed up getting into the car, and smart car lights, smart interiors, etc., provide intelligent driving experiences, and the space for the car market is vast.
To maintain a competitive advantage, the Fukuyo Group has created a research and development team of over 5,600 people and has spent more than 4% of its annual revenues on innovative research and development, higher than overseas car glass taps. Fukuyo is now 100% autonomous, hosting or participating in core technology.
By the end of 2024, Fukuyo Group's sales of high-value-added products had risen by 5 pct over the same period of the previous year. From breaking technical barriers abroad to exploring future innovations, a new industry pattern led by glory has evolved, with high-value-added products on board, and bicycles.
The skyscreen is comfortable, the privacy needs are up and there's plenty of fresh glimmers to store, and the plating skyscreen is expected to break out at the moment. Foyo takes the lead in the skyscreen field, actively layouts the plating, plating products, and has been supplied to the mainstream, the brand-owned electric smart car.
Pdlc radiating glass, of which pdlc can modulate the panorama skylight glass as an integral part, is set in the map free, with a 10-degree light level modifier, with 99% of UV cut-off; the thermal variable glass can customize multiple glass colours and the colours can vary depending on temperature; ec radiating the skyscreen has low foginess, automatic sensitivity, insulation
Insulated UV, etc., using photo-chamber ec electro-contamination techniques to achieve a gradientd color-modification light in vehicles such as polar helium 001, wide-blown aionsplus, Biadi seals, etc. Figure 15: Freepdlc modulation plus plating panorama
Figure 16: Biadi seals carrying ec light +low-e panorama glass matching hud needs, plating products starting to get in the car. The automobile industry starts from a small 2d screen installed on the dashboard to a new generation of 3d enhancements that can integrate images with the vehicle environment
Hud upgrades the safety of drivers are expected to continue to grow at a compound annual growth rate of over 24% (cagr) between 2021 and 2026. Glass manufacturers are concerned about front patterns, layer pressure processes, layer thickness, and angle changes, ensuring that the hud projection is still true, and there are cars like Misu7 that block the plating of silver in front.
It is expected to accelerate the growth of the value of the Fulfilled Glass from $1,000 to over $2,000. It has now made breakthroughs in the core technical areas of the car, key glass-forming processes and equipment, glass antennas, plating, photovoltaics, etc.
We'll continue to develop lightly quantified super-bullet glass, plating glass, looking up glass, ultra-segregated glass, wired eccentric 5g glass, smart pan-screen glass, and so on. At the end of the vehicle, it's shown that the sky is upscaled, front plating Hud is upgraded, side windows are upscaled to soundproof glass, with a single car value of $1,000 from the previous one.
The investment proposal is: to continue to recommend a global champion glass on a high-quality track, maintaining a “better than the big city” rating. To maintain profit forecasts and a better than the big city rating.
Core competitiveness and certainty of future performance growth in dimensions such as value-based product areas, with short-term benefits for the accelerated improvement in North America's profitability and continued cost decline; medium-term benefits for the acceleration of global domestic production; high market shares and low customer concentration, with strong certainty for performance growth in North America,
The domestic enrichment of Fuqing and Fertilizer, among others, is expected to open a new cycle of production, with a sustained increase in the global market share of car glass operations under the expanded signal; with a long-term positive trend of smartness, car glass is expected to increase the quantity of car glass (area) from 4 to 6 square metres; and 2) the value of single square metres is increased (plating).
Imbrane, insulation, bundling, hud, light-shifting, 5g communications, etc.) has been raised from $600 to over $2,000. Following this, glass, p-hud, smart products have opened new horizons, and industry is expected to increase.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject