Sinjiyama Evidence Industrial Wealth Union (601138.sh) q1 Super-expected profit, new energy motors chain
30 April 2021 q1 in 2021, the company achieved business income of 98.379 billion yuan, i.e. +22.89 per cent; net profit to the mother \triangleright
The revenue and profitability of the three major businesses increased. 2021q1, corporate communications and mobile network equipment, cloud computing, and industrial Internet revenues and profits increased on a par. The Māori rate rose by 7.5 per cent, by 0.7 pcts, and the net interest rate by 3.2 per cent, by 0.9 pcts, compared to the reporting period.
Within, cash payments for construction-related assets in the company ' s hard core spare parts area amounted to $1.84 billion, compared with +415 per cent, construction-in-progress growth of 139.05 per cent at the beginning of the period and expansion of additional capacity. 5g and data centre construction remained strong, 5g replacement cycles opened, corporate communications and mobility were opened
Network equipment, cloud computing plates maintain a high profile. The domestic 5g build-up is gradually shifting to the carrier and core network, the foreign 5g is starting to accelerate, and cloud producers are still building high-intensity data centres, leading to higher demand for communications and mobile network equipment.
After the year’s decline and the 2020 shock, it is expected that the switch will accelerate, and the Strategyanalytics report shows that 2021q1 global smartphones have grown by 24 per cent compared to 24 per cent, the highest growth since 2015, and companies will benefit from the warmer growth in smartphone sales.
Industrial Internet transformations have permeated many industries, and there is much room for medium- and long-term growth. In 2020, corporate industry grew 131 per cent in revenues from Internet services, with a Māori rate of 41.67 per cent. Companies are now home to more than 50 important clients in industrial Internet services across automobiles and parts and components.
Companies acquire high-end software to further enhance their overall service capabilities through the accumulation and advantages of high-speed software in the field of industrial software. Medium- and long-term growth will be realized as industrial Internet transformation accelerates to multi-sector penetration.
Research Assistant: Li Tung, China China, China, 28 Sin Rixi Street, Beijing City West Side, Trade Center A, 69 West Street, Taiwon City Capital
7th floor of the International Centre 5g Construction and Data Centre is not as expected: smartphones are not as good as expected: Industrial Connectivity, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
This report is presented independently and objectively. It clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated in any way, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.