17 January 2022 A steady increase in profitability, provision for the release of anti-breeding profits Bank of Merchants (600036.sh)
Growth in revenue and net gains increased, Roe steadily increased in 2021, the company achieved operating income 1st quarter level, projected improvements in net revenue from interest, higher non-interest income and reduced provision for withdrawals
Related. In 2021, the company achieved net interest income and non-interest income of $20.3919 billion and asset quality, with a provision for the release of anti-breeding profits up to the end of 2021, a negative percentage point for the company, maintenance of a lower level of business practice, and continued optimization of asset quality. At the same time, the company
By the end of 2021, corporate non-performing loans had been set aside to provide additional capital for a sustained debt and to attract strategic investors to finance a monetary replenishment. On December 9, 2021, companies issued $43 billion in open-term capital bonds, which helped to supplement capital.
In addition, the company’s money-management subsidiary, which collected the money to complete the replenishment, introduced jpmorganassetmanagement (asiapacific), as a strategic investor, with a cumulative investment of 2,667 million yuan and 10 per cent of the shareholding, which helped to improve the management of the company’s finances.
Building on Morgan's experience as an international leader in asset management in financial science and technology, investment research, risk management, and so on, promotes corporate integration.
The financial moat is solid, the wholesale financial value is visible, and businesses are leading, and the value of the business is high. Light banks are being transformed, capital is being used efficiently, cyclically is being reduced, and the quality of profits is increasing.
We look forward to the future of the company, and we commit ourselves to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.