Merchant Bank (600036): Great wealth management, excellent openings, robust profitability Incident: March 18, 2021 annual report published by Merchant Bank, full year of profit/mother-to-manufactured profit before collection/rearing
The Merchant Bank is the first company-owned commercial bank in the country to have a solid growth in net interest income and a non-interest income, and it is also the State-owned commercial bank with a solid growth in net interest income and a non-interest-bearing shareholding system.
The first pilot bank to drive banking reform. Closely “stable” drivers net interest income for companies increased by 10.2% over the same period, with an improvement in the speed circle. 2) Wealth management, asset management, trusting, around the transformational goal of building “light banks”, achieves
The share of non-interest income is 38.44 per cent, an increase of 2.14 pct over the same period; it is reflected in the “quality, efficiency, scale” dynamic and balanced development of the transformation of the business model for large wealth management, where the contribution of non-interest income is increasing and companies are lightening their operations.
The structure continues to be optimized, the digitalization of the initial scale, and the international net rate differentials are maintained largely at a level of stability as a result of cost control and asset structure optimization. In 2021, the net rate difference for companies was 2.48 per cent, a decrease of 1 bp and a flat ring ratio compared to the ratio; the net rate difference remained generally stable and protected against robust growth in net interest income.
In the context of downward trends in the pricing of industry loans, strong deposit competition and narrow pressure on net interest differentials, companies continue to optimize the asset-liability structure, strengthen the cost control of liabilities, and maintain a stable net-interest spread. At the asset end: the ratio of high-yielding assets such as loans, retail loans, etc., has increased, and pressure on asset-end prices has eased; the rate of return on loans, interest-bearing assets, etc.
The rate of return fell by 22bp and 15bp respectively. At the end of the liability: the deposit structure continued to optimize, with low-cost core deposits accounting for 5.13pt; the rate of interest on deposits and interest-bearing liabilities fell by 14bp on average.
This year, the company is expected to continue to optimize its asset-liability structure, operating efficiently through a structured value-cycle chain of wealth management, leading to a rapid increase in fees and fees. 2021 was the year of major wealth management b/h (millions of shares)
The company's “Fortune Management-Asset Management-Investment Bank” value circulation chain is operating efficiently, resulting in a rapid increase in wealth management, asset management, size of asset hosting, and fees. Retail customers aum outperformed by 10 trillion at the end of the year, while commercial and silver international fund management income increased by 27.75 per cent.
The quality of assets as a whole continues to improve, and risks in the real estate sector are released smoothly. By the end of 2021, there was a double drop in the balance of non-performing loans and a poor loan rate, with a negative rate of 16 bp to 0.91% lower than at the end of the previous year. A breakdown shows that the rate of non-performing public loans was 34 bp to 1.24% lower than at the end of the previous year, while the rate of non-performing retail loans was 0.81%.
The impact of the downside policy, industry climate, has led to an increase in the rate of bad public-owned real-estate lending compared to the previous year. The current public sector is associated with the adjustment of credit-card loans to the point of default, with less potential adverse overall pressure.
Investment proposals: The “3.0 model” of the Bank of Merchants began steadily in 2021, the value-cycle chain of large wealth management functions efficiently, leading to aum and associated revenue increases; asset quality in general continues to improve, real estate risks are levelled and the full-calibre provision is adequate. We expect the net profits of ordinary shareholders to grow in 2022/2023 on a year-on-year basis.
Camp model, organizational model, large wealth management value circulation chain is expected to continue to work and strengthen the competitiveness of the company ' s market.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Figure 1: Net profit of BSB 2021 increased by 23.2 per cent per annum, Figure 2: Net profit of BCB 4q21 increased by 26.8 per cent per annum
Figure 3: Merchant Banks 2020, 2021 split performance, Eastern financial boom, Eastern boomerang.
Bank of Merchants (60036).
The University of Cambridge, England, has a master’s degree in finance and economics.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Bank of Merchants (600036): Great wealth management starts well, improves its profitability, and does not guarantee any change in the information and advice it contains. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.