Roe's back on track: 14 January, Merchant Bank released a fast-track performance report for 2021 for $331.2 billion, yoy+14.0 per cent (+0.5 pct); net return to mother $119.99 billion, yoy+23.2 per cent (+1.0 pct); roe
\triangleright \triangleright bank's long-term ups and outs and outs of the trend towards independence from the banking sector, with a relatively good valuation
Utility ring 2bp below, provision coverage remained relatively stable, though reduced, \triangleright
However, due to the continuing improvement in bad rates, the provision coverage remains stable and the potential for further anti-feeding profits is also being realized Investment proposal: the transition dividend drives the recovery of roe, and the leading customer base brings credit \triangleright \triangleright
\triangleright pick-up rate, profit increase double-ring ratio. The performance report shows that the merchant bank increased its business income by +0.5 pct to 14.0% in 2021, and the net profit increase by +1.0 pct to 23.2% in 2020, holding at a higher base for the same period.
A single quarter is even more significant, with the base rising to achieve ring growth. A net profit increase of 32.7 per cent for 20q4 and 11.4 per cent for single seasons, and a significant jump from 20q3. Under this base, a net profit increase of 21q4 for 21q4 would be easier to achieve if the ring continued to grow.
The higher rate of increase in net interest income supported the better performance. 21q4 accumulated net interest income increased at a rate of yoy+10.2 per cent, ring comparison +1.5 pct, supporting the base collection, and the 22q1 posture is expected to continue. 2roe reverted to upwards.
Transition dividend slows release, Roe doesn't go up. Skipping the special year of 2020, we see that in 2021, the bank rose by 16.94% to 10bp from 2019, continuing the long-term upswing of the roe since the “light bank” transition. Why does net interest income perform better?
And, with a better customer base (especially large and medium-sized enterprises), it is easy to start at the pre-credit stage and has a pre-eminence advantage. Thus, when lending to 21q4 is still on the downside, the growth in loans to banks has been reversed.
The scale has been reduced to a stage where adequate anti-bullying profits are provided, but due to continued improvements in poor rates, the provision coverage remains stable. The transition dividend-driven recovery of roe has led to an expansionary advantage under the broad credit policy of a leading customer base, with a counter-bullying allowance of 21 years pb, which is first covered, with a “recommended” rating.
Broad credit performance is less than expected; credit risk exposure for housing enterprises is exposed; and economic bottom-up effects are poor. Corporate financial statement data projections Summary of methodology and analytical logic lead to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.