High performance, major development of the light module flagship — 3-quarterly performance rating 2024
Continued import of high-profit products such as 800g to boost profit margins levels: performance, driven by high-speed Māori products at 800g, the company achieved Māori ratios of 33.32 per cent in the first three quarters of 2024, with an increase of 1.57 pcts, Zhao Liang Bei
Quarterly operating income, net return, and sales profit rates have all continued to rise. The annual market climate of the light module as a human being has increased further since 2023, demand for the light module has continued to rise, company performance has been demonstrated, and is expected to accelerate as the 800g product diffusion process continues, and demand for 1.6t products has increased.
Companies, as industry leaders, are expected to maintain a relatively high profit margin during the fast-growing process. With the rapid growth of artificial smart markets, firms are expected to take a pre-eminence as industry leaders: companies.
At the same time that spending has increased significantly over the period, the control fee has been positive, and the cost rate has declined during the company's first three quarters of 2024, guaranteeing a steady increase in the Māori rate while net interest rates continue to grow. On the spatial side, the global market size of the light module is projected to be 2022-2027.
The capr growth rate of 11% is sustained, with the prospect of a breakthrough of $20 billion in 2027. We continue to promote artificial intelligence, with the light module being a high-yielding product in China as an arithmetic chain, and the core products of the technological reserve frontier, driven by the continued upgrading of the computing power and a significant increase in demand, which will accelerate growth.
A relatively stable and pre-emptive advantage, based on 800 g products and high-quality customers, is expected to gain a better share of the 1.6 t light module market competition without coming in. Investment proposal: As the Internet giants get deeper for the ai and large model layouts, the gpu server will be used as the gpu server.
Leads the brain base or will be one of the main directions for the year 2024 and the future. The demand for high Maori 800g and higher speed light modules will be gradually increased. The development and testing of a faster 1.6t light module will also be on a relatively deep 300-percent pattern.
Further, firms are expected to continue to be dominated by high-growth industries and core technological competitiveness, and to maintain a “recommended” rating of firms. Less than expected risks, increased industry competition, etc.
1. [Galactic communication] Middle and Middle Creatures (300308.sz): Profitability is continuously optimized, and the research and development delivery power industry leads by 2. [Galactic communication] Communications industry point review: British Weida high performance.
Increased, high-scene continuity of the luminum-driven module 3. [Galactic communication] Communications industry theme report: technology + cost advantage driven by continuous increase in city occupancy
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.