Exchange and material shortages have short-term effects, looking at the silicon light and the tri-quarter review in 2024 (300308). On the evening of October 22, the tri-quarter report in 2024 was released.
a Total equity (millions): The slowdown in income size is due to the absence of optical chips, the profitability is affected by exchange rate changes At the end of the income, the growth in demand for arithmetic hardware has led to a sustained increase in the sale of high-speed products such as 400g/800g.
The ratio of the 800g and above-rate light module has continued to rise, with 2024q3 company revenues and net profit-backed returns growing on a quarterly basis, but it has been affected by the shortage of upstream photochip material, which has slowed down the pace of the quarterly round. At the profit end, the Māori rate has been maintained at historically high levels, and continued mitigation efficiency has boosted profitability.
In terms of Māori, as the share of new structures and high-speed products rises, the increase in financial costs is mainly due to exchange loss due to exchange fluctuations, which are generally manageable.
High-speed demand, high-cost bom costs of silicon light products.
800g and 1.6t transfers are expected to be accompanied by further growth in overall size. At the same time, according to client demand, the Foreign Dollar Securities Corporation Research-Middle Cream (300308), 2023, and the foreign and domestic front and back-carriage capacity are continuously being replenished, with product delivery and delivery capabilities obtained.
In the first quarter of 2024, report points: al push rates are reduced intergenerational, looking at the year as they match market demand. The company’s raw material bottlenecks are expected to be reduced in the future as the share of silicon light products rises and the output of the supplier’s photochip expands. At the same time, excellent performance rates and higher speeds such as 1.61
As the industry's leading supplier of light modules, the company's technology is well stocked and its clients are rich in resources.
With the continuous turnover of hardware and hardware technology, the company's profitability is expected to remain high, and the company will be well served by the dividends from the growth in demand for hardware for arithmetic. Add the efficiency gains in internal cost control, we anticipate.
The Hong Kong market benchmark is a constant index, the United States market benchmark is a pamphlet 500 index or an NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North handout benchmark index is a 50-point North Index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts