The third quarter of 2024 will see the tbit top-up cycle, where performance is expected to continue at a high rate and performance continues at a high rate. The company achieved operating income in the third quarter of 2024.
The amount of $6,514 million, or 115.25 per cent over the same period, represents an increase in the net profit of the mother, the net profit of the deductible and the net return of the mother, respectively, in the cost of the construction of the power infrastructure and related capital, a significant increase in the sale of high-end modules of 800g and 400g for the company, and a sustained high rate of growth in performance.
The high-speed light module is fast. In cloud data centres, the use of the Ethernet module is expected to be more widely used by construction and operators because the Ether structure is more economical and compatible than the ib architecture, and the Lightcounting predicts that the Global Ethernet module will be split between 2024 and 2025.
Do not increase by 57% and 62%, and maintain double-digit growth between 2026 and 2028. The 800g and tbit-grade high-speed light modules exhibit faster characteristics than the forward-rate light modules, and companies actively expand their existing domestic and Thai capacity to adequately prepare for high-speed light modules.
The market for silicon light continues to grow. Light counting expects that the market share of Gaas and inp-based light modules will decline gradually, while the share of silicon photons and lithium membrane pic will rise, and the corresponding introduction of lpo and cpo will also contribute to market share growth for sip and even tfln devices.
Self-researching of silicon chips has a significant cost advantage, working to reduce the cost of bom and actively promoting silicon light programmes, and the proportion of silicon-based products delivered is increasing in an orderly manner. Investment advice: companies are global light module champions, with a complete light module product matrix.
In the context of future expectations of a growing 800g demand plus 1.6 t, firms’ industries are expected to face marginal changes in capital spending by important downstream clients. Note: “market index” for this rating system, a share reference point is 300 indexes; the new three-board reference point is three-board.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.