q3 performance continued to increase, the light communication industry was heavily catalyzed, Middle Quantities were evaluated in three quarters in 2024, and Middle Quantities were published in three quarters in 2024 on 22 October 2024.
On October 25, 2024, the net profit was 3,753 million yuan, an increase of 189.59 per cent. q3 quarter data shows that the company achieved Liu Kyung-soo.
Operating income of $6,514 million, an increase of 115.25 per cent over the same period; net return profit of $1,394 million, a loss on exchange that prevents profits from going up, and firm fundamentals are better. On the financial side, the q3 gain has slowed, mainly due to the impact of exchange loss due to exchange rate fluctuations, and financial costs
At the same time, minority shareholder interests grew by 99.04% on a year-on-year basis, and the major reason was the increase in the foreign subsidiary’s minority stockholders. Cost control capacity increased, profit margins gradually improved.
Cost rates for sales, management, R & D amounted to 0.71%, 2.54%, and 3.34% respectively, which is significantly less than increases in income levels; however, in absolute terms, sales/management/research costs q3 are expanding at the same rate. In terms of profit margins, cost control boosts have significantly catalyzed M & A rates and net interest rates.
On the inventory side, the company ' s data for September 30 represented an increase of 66.56% compared to the year before the end of last year, the high-end light module was increased by hand orders, and the production reserve for order delivery was increased simultaneously. We believe that performance development is sustainable.
Cpo & Silicon Light Catalyzes Xu’s steady growth, and idc Clustering contributes to the long-term prosperity of enterprises. We believe that at this point in time, Xu’s development will be significantly driven by two kinds of technology: 1)
In terms of progress in technology, there has been significant progress in the development of silicon chip designs and technological reserves, the proportion of imports and upgrades to and from the market is expected to increase, feedback from major clients on the company ' s silicon light products has been excellent, and there is already a technological base for the development of cpo-related products; and 2) in terms of downstream demand, we believe:
q1 High Performance Growth, Ai Driver Light Module Releases.
The time scale has expanded further, and the intelligence infrastructure has accelerated its penetration into cities and the periphery.
Precision seize opportunity, 800g light module achievements are growing, and the light communication industry chain, represented by the light module, is expected to be further strengthened. The company is the leading global manufacturer of light module, and is expected to be able to do so with the release of 800g/1.6t light module.
Business is growing at a high rate. In 2024-2026, we expect the company to earn 259.42 and the big one to commercialize less than expected: North American cloud producers are investing less than expected: network architecture is changing; macroeconomics are less than expected.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.