Mid-to-Treat (300308.sz) Communications network connection and tower iii performance increased significantly and high-speed light modules such as 1.6t were expected to be released
Events: On 23 October 2024, the company issued its third-quarter report for 2024. During the reporting period, the company achieved $6,514 million in operating income, an increase of 115.25 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies were realized, and the demand for arithmetic power drove higher-end product growth and company profitability continued to increase.
The growth in associated capital spending, the rapid increase in the share of high-end products such as 400g and 800g from companies, the accumulation of continuing rainfall efficiency gains, and further increases in corporate product revenues, Māori and net profit margins. During the reporting period, companies achieved operating income of $6,514 million, an increase of 115.25 per cent over the same period, an increase of 9 per cent over the same period, while demand for products remained unchanged.
In the last three quarters, the company ' s Māori sales rate was 33.32 per cent and net sales interest rate was 22.36 per cent. In terms of cost rates, global light-module manufacturers were consolidated, with 800g and 1.6t modules accelerating their scale. According to the global light-moderated Top 10 list released by Lightning, companies were the first global leader.
The current global lead cloud service provider has widely deployed 200/400g in the data centre, the 800g module is in a critical phase of bulk delivery, and the strong demand for high-calculation power has further accelerated the market demand for the 800g/1.6t module. According to corporate announcements, the number of future modules will be higher.
Over the past quarter, the benefits have been sufficient, the supply chain has been well managed, and companies are expected to respond to growing market demand on each product line.
The Division’s technological advantages and market share in these areas will be further consolidated and expanded. The output of 800g and 1.6t products is expected to increase significantly, particularly with the construction of the Ether Network Centre, where companies are expected to continue to grow.
This year’s share of the 800g market is expected to rise. In the hope of further growth – Hmg securities – communications – company Express – the silicon light program provides core competitiveness, the proportion of silicon light products coming out is expected to rise.
Midlife: 800g high-performance growth, new products, low-cost, high-speed light communication technology for sub-learning, luminous modules, especially high-speed ones, are the most silicone chip that opens up the growth space -- Mid-Creaks Express.
The main application direction, with the advantage of low cost, low power, compatible cos process, high integration, and reduced use of parts of light and non-source devices, lowers the cost of bom, making the silicon light module more advantageous in terms of Maori than the traditional light module in this area.
The layout has been developed for many years, and as early as 2023, in the lfc2023 on-site demonstration, the company has shown 1.6t osfp-xddr8+-plugable modules, leading the way in the storage of silicon light technology and product progress. As the company increases its silicon light penetration in 800g and 1.6t products, the proportion of silicon light products coming out will be one.
Step-by-step, with a view to ensuring that clients’ demand for high-end modules is met in a timely manner, it is expected that there will be room for a one-step upturn in the Māori rate and that future performance will continue to grow rapidly. Investment proposal: We believe that the build-up of the Academia Centre will significantly increase the demand for light modules, with the company acting as a champion of the light module
Industry will remain high-growth over the long term, and we have adapted the company to take into account the demand for and the scarcity of its products.