The third quarterly report (300308.sz) met expectations, with continuous expansion of materials and active research and development of 3.2t, cpo, etc.
The growth of the performance ring is slowing down mainly by the supply of chips and the single rhythm of customers. In response to this year’s demand for a rapid outbreak in the overseas parts of the luminum module, the upstream photochip tension has had an impact on the company’s q3 output, but with the company’s availability of sufficient supplies and silicon light in the next few quarters.
Highest/minimum in the year: High, delivery capacity will be further enhanced. At the same time, in the third quarter, a share/total share capital (billions) of some customers in the overseas gpu market, etc.:
The market value of the flowa share (billions) is to be reduced by blackwell, which will slow the flow of hopper and the use of the self-research whiteboard & ash box & & e-net switch: the i backend network also has an impact on the demand for infiniband modules.
The climate remains high, and as more clouds overseas compute the 800g plus billing of large clients and 1.6t's upper-volume division performance or accelerate the growth of the ring within two quarters. On net profits, as exchange rate fluctuations dominate, the increase of $110 million in the financial cost ring in three quarters is also a major influence, and companies will pass well in the future.
In 2025, the price of the surging acceleration of the investment in the ai rose so that companies were prepared to continue to expand their production.
Against this background, investment in the industry is expected to continue to grow optimisticly in 2025. Trendforce estimates that in 2025, the blackwell platform will account for over 80% of the high end gpu, driving 55% of the high end gpu series in the UK.
In terms of capacity, companies continue to promote simultaneous expansion of domestic and Thai production, with three-quarter fixed asset book prices.
With a value of $5.14 billion, the ring grew by 8.4% in terms of inventory, the company's inventory for the last three quarters is worth $7.15 billion and is actively engaged in the direction of trends in industries such as silicon light, cpo, etc., with a leading advantage in R & D power, supply chain management. The company spent $740 million on R & D in the previous three quarters, a year-on-year increase.
57.4%; by 2023, the newspaper had 1,475 R & D technicians at the top of the industry. The company has fully imported the self-researched silicon chip module into its client base, compared to the traditional eml.
At the same time, companies focus on cpo development, not only with a lead on the silicon chip, but also with a mature process in the silicon engine envelope, which is expected to take the lead in the cpo industrial chain. We believe that the Dragonlight Module manufacturer or the cpo supply chain play an important role.
The lead manufacturer has a good rate and a cost lead in silicon engine encapsulating, cpo is going to go into final auroral light integration, and it's going to take time, and it's going to need a light engine sealing link for some time to come; and second, it's being tied to a chip manufacturer, which understands the end user's claims and serves as a bridge between the chip manufacturer and the user.
We expect a company 2024-2026 net profit \triangleright based on the latest delivery pace and industry demand.
The best deliverer of the light module, we look at the company’s medium- and long-term market performance and maintain a “buy-in-a” rating. Blackwell’s delay in delivery and other factors have led to a lower than expected volume of the 1.6t light module; the introduction of new suppliers by North American cloud producers has led to a decline in the company’s market share; and a more structured customer structure along with the ailight module
There is a gradual downside risk for diversificationasp and Māori: the escalation of S&T trade has led to changes in supply chain and tariff policies, etc. Financial statement forecasts and valuation data aggregates
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.