Quarterly review 2024: Growth trend positive, looking forward to silicon light, 1.6t product release performance.
Keywords: #new products, new technologies, new clients 24q3 with revenues of $6.51 billion, i.e. +115 per cent, net return to mother $1.390 billion, i.e. continue to optimize Māori and marketing/management/research and development rates, and net interest rates are expected to increase further.
The company ' s Māori ratio increased by 33.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the first three quarters of the year, as a result of the continued optimization of product structure and of the production process, while Māori ' s rate also reached the profit margins of the growing size of the company ' s revenue collection in the third quarter of the year, and the cost of sales/management/research and development in the third quarter of the year of the year.
The impact of renminbi fluctuations, the volatility of the book value of the company ' s foreign exchange assets at the end of the quarter, which led to an increase in the company ' s financial costs from 40 million yuan last quarter to 70 million yuan this quarter, as well as an increase of 1.8 percentage points to 1.1 per cent in the current quarter, and a 1.3 per cent drop in the net interest rate of the company ' s parent.
We believe that with silicon light, 1.6t product penetration, and growing corporate output, there is still room for further growth in interest rates, while three rates can continue to be spread out, and the company is expected to benefit from the depth of next year's 800g, 1.6t high demand + silicon light accelerated penetration.
We see the following trends in industrial demand next year: 1) Cloud mills are arguing the need to highlight + arithmetic cards for "Middle Creams" (300308), which should expand + self-built e-net structures in the semi-annual 2024, and the demand for 800g will be sufficient next year.
Report points: Double profit margin for income, positive public release; 2) British Weida continues to maintain the advantage of hardware and software systems in training and training, while the Division benefits from the release of follow-up needs
The continuous optimization of its client structure will further lead to the rotation and application of cutting-edge products such as 1.6t; 3) The silicon light module is expected to accelerate penetration by mitigating material shortages such as photochips, absorbing the silicon-based co-encapsulation trend, and reducing the cost of three layers of industrial logic.
The company, as a global head manufacturer with close ties to large clients, is able to assess the performance expectations of mainstream clients: performance continues to increase, and it looks good, while production expansion progresses in an orderly fashion, with silicon light chips in a tight upstream environment.
At the same time, it is expected to achieve structural advantages in material supply, which in turn will benefit in depth from industrial demand trends in next year’s 800g, 1.6t, and silicon light.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: taking into account new products such as corporate silicon light, 1.6t light modules, etc.
R & D fell short of expectations; industry competition intensified; and raw materials were scarce.