tclT (000100) has performed well throughout the year, with a sustained high profile of 33.9 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of $4.39 billion for the same calibre after reorganization, an increase of 67.6 per cent over the same year.
The panel price was strong and the tcl performance was high and the year-round performance was ahead of expectations. q4 quarter net profit of 2.36 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase of more than 38 per cent, net profit is expected to reach 2,42 billion yuan, a 151 per cent increase in the same year, and the price of the benefiting panel rises.
At the present time, the capacity of Wuhant3 (ltps) has been increased from 48k to 53k; T4 (led) has been achieved and the unit has been fully productive compared to the 300-point trend, and construction has been accelerated in phases II and III. Shenzhentt2 and T6(g11) have remained fully productive, with t6 having been fully productive from 90k.
This increased to 98k, with 32.9 per cent in the area of large-scale product exports benefiting from increased global market demand for liquid crystal products. In June, prices for large-sized liquid crystal products began to rise, profits from tcl-Star operations increased month after month, and the rising demand for panels and limited supply growth are expected to continue to be high this year.
The panel prices have been rising steadily since January, and the medium-sized prices have continued to rise. At the supply end: Korea’s exit from the lcd is strategically clear, the delayed exit effects are limited, future production capacity of the lcd is limited, capacity constraints in the country cannot be alleviated in the short term, and current upstream core supply constraints further limit panel supply. At the demand end: product innovation brings television.
Large screens are expected to generate approximately 13 million square metres of demand in 2021 due to size growth, equivalent to 8.5 generations of 2 90k monthly capacity; the Olympic Games in 2021, the European Cup, will be a powerful boost to panel demand, and lcd is expected to remain undersupplied in 2021 and the panel price will remain high.
1. tcl (000100) performance forecast: Four quarters of performance is bright, panel high and sustained, panel demand is not as high as expected, epidemic impacts end demand, etc.
2. tcl (000100) Science & Technology: O3 performance loops improved, industry status improved, Wang Fang, chief of the electronics industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., Primary Market Private Equity Investment Co. Ltd., and awarded the Chinese University of Science and Technology Science.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.