tclTech (000100) Quarter performance is bright, panel is high, quarter price is strong, tcl performance is bright
o4 single-quarter net profit to the mother of $2.18-2440 million, an increase of 5663 per cent in relation to the median of $2.31 billion, and a rise of 183 per cent in relation to the ring of the same year. China Star kept its product at full capacity, continuously optimized its product structure, increased its business income by more than 35 per cent on a year-on-year basis, showing that business benefits from industrial warming, with prices for major products rising continuously since the third quarter of 2020 and large-scale operations.
Net profits are six times higher than the same year. The demand for panels is strong, supply increases are limited, and the industry will continue to grow.
Between May and December 2020, panel prices continued to rise, with average television panel prices increasing by more than 65 per cent for each size. Supply: Korea’s exit strategy for lcd was clear, delayed exit effects were limited, future production capacity for lcd in the country was limited and capacity constraints could not be alleviated in the short term. At the demand side: product innovation has led to a big television screen, which is expected to increase in size in 2021.
The long-term demand of approximately 13 million square metres, equivalent to 8.5 generations of 2 90k monthly capacity; the 2021 Olympic Games, the European Cup, will be a powerful pull-over panel demand: downstream television producers currently have a stock of only 4.3 weeks, well below the five-week security stock, and are expected to increase the supply of supplies to drive the panel demand.
54 times, we think that the company underestimates and maintains a “recommended” rating. Television output falls short of expectations, offshore manufacturers slow out of LCDs, output climbs short of expectations.

Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai Transport University.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.