The panel industry cycle is up, strategic layout semiconductors and tcl-Tcl annual reports are rated billion (+33.9 per cent year-on-year) and net profit for mothers is 4.39 billion (+67.6 per cent year-on-year), of which the fourth quarter is a single quarter
Mother-to-child net profit of 2,363 million (year-on-year +5743.90 per cent); asset-liability ratio of 65.1 per cent, operating net cash-intensive panel supply and demand constraints, industry cycle upwards, and the climate continues to rise
The market position has increased further, with large-scale operations remaining a global leader. It shows that the production industry has reached a cyclical point in June 2020, with a growing global market demand for liquid crystal products, large-scale panels, and prices rising steadily; and tcl is significantly increasing its profitability: tcl is making a net profit in 2020.
Two hundred million yuan (+151.1% of the same year), of which a net profit of 1.86 billion yuan was realized in the fourth quarter, an improvement of 2.190 billion yuan. The company’s large-sized panel maintained its leading edge, its small- and medium-sized product structure was optimized, and its share in the market of the tv panel was the second largest in the world. In addition, the three stars acquired by Chinastar showed that Suzhou’s factory was expected to take advantage.
In the second quarter, the combined competitive advantage of the company’s large-scale operations will be significantly enhanced, and the market share and industry’s location will be further enhanced. The panel industry is currently moving at an accelerated pace from Japan to China, with a global panel production capacity of one year’s lowest/highest (in yuan):
Large-scale new plans, while downstream terminal warming and the average size of tv continue to grow in co-pulse panels, we expect that the actual supply of panels will remain tight, that the price of panels in 2021 is expected to remain strong, and that companies will move towards a two-way development phase of high-scale growth and industry improvement.
• Strategic layout semiconductor and photovoltaics, which can be developed in the future by 2020, through the acquisition of 100% of Tianjin Central Ring Electronics, the strategic layout semiconductor photovoltaic and semiconductor materials industry track.
The development and production of silicon and semiconductor silicon are the top firms in the world in photovoltaic and semiconductor materials, with a clear competitive advantage and in a fast-growing phase. We believe that the semiconductor and photovoltaic industries are characterized by high technology thresholds, high investment levels, long-cycle industry, and companies are showing long-term strategic management of the industry.
Capacity, which can help middle-ring semiconductors to achieve industrial synergies and optimize operational efficiency, will open up the development space and hopefully become one of the main engines of growth in corporate performance. • Profit forecasting and investment advice
The panel industry continues to move up, and the company formally enters the semiconductor and photovoltaic fields, and is expected to become a future engine of growth in corporate performance.
Growth 2020-10-30 Leather Focus at first showing results, cyclical improvement taking advantage of 2020-09-02
Progress and Triple Star Production Exit 2020-04-01 Focus Panel, King of Solar Power Efficiency