tclTechnology (000100.sz)
The 2020 performance forecast for Supermarket, the scale-up enabler, the performance of Rainbow, was over-expected, with a record growth of $2.18-24.3 billion between the 2020q4 quarter performance range.
The average annual large-size panel price has increased from a low point by 64%; the q4 ring has increased by 18% over a single season, and thanks to this: Chang Scoot continues to outperform market expectations.
At the same time, a net profit of around 300 million dollars is expected from the 2020q4 Central Cable. In 2021, company performance is expected to double: tv operations, operations, expected to increase the share of t3-line pen and car products in 2021, making a profit.
On the price side, given the limited capacity retained by Korea and the still tight supply and demand patterns in the industry, a modest increase in panel prices is expected in 2021, with companies displaying a number of innovative products at the Ces 2021 Congress and continuing to lead the area of display.
New currents: tv, mini-led, 8k, qled three arrows, full layout, high equivalency, large sized display of new fields; the newly introduced odzeromini-led technology has reduced the distance between the mi-led back layer and the liquid crystal panel.
0mm, displaying contrasts, brightness, and television thickness was significantly optimized; it and cellular inch mobile phones and 17-inch flats raised additional possibilities in the panel display area.
Circumpolar electronics cut into upstream semiconductor materials, which, based on the integration of industry chains in the field of display, will accelerate the promotion of medium-ring semiconductors and new energy businesses. The company’s fully-owned subsidiary, tcl, is investing in technology to buy 100% of MCHA International’s shares at RMB 2.8 billion, and MHKI is large in size.
Odm manufacturers of end-products, whose large size shows the volume of processed goods at the end, are the third largest in the world. We believe that once the acquisition is completed, the company will complement the processing and back-up of downstream products and achieve vertically integrated supply capacity, and the industry’s competitiveness will increase significantly.
Vertical acquisitions integrate vertically the industrial chain, showing, over the long term, a continuous rise in core competitiveness in the field, and firms actively expand new performance growth points, giving a “recommended” rating for the first time.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Change and cyclical tipping points: Exploiting potential investment targets from a unique perspective.