q4 performance supermarket expectations, in- and out-of-the-life extension to fly-by events: tcl technology issued an annual performance forecast for 2020 on the evening of 11 January 2021, and tcl technology (000100.sz) is expected to be available for tcl.
With respect to tclstar, the year 2020 saw an increase of 45.886 billion yuan, or 35 per cent over the year; net profit, or 2,315.0 million yuan over the year, or 140 per cent over the year. Of this, the fourth quarter of the year recorded an increase of 13.511 billion yuan over the year, or 43.23 per cent over the year; net profit, or 1,749 million yuan over the year, or 1.05 billion over the year; and the Chinese Star manifest.
The price hub has moved up + in-house growth resonance, with help company q4 performing above expectations. 1) Panel price: based on witsview data, the prices of the mainstream tv panels have increased significantly by 18-20% in each quarter. And panel prices are expected to stay up in January, and witsview
2) Internal extension: The 11-generation t6 was completed at the end of 2019, with the outbreak dissipating, with full release of capacity at 2h20, while the t4amoled production cycle began in the fourth quarter of 19 and released capacity for the entire 20-year period.
In summary, we believe that the profitability of a company in four quarters far exceeds market expectations and is not only driven by a panel price increase, but also by the growth of a company that has been able to release and extend its assets since 2020.
On the demand side, according to industry chain research, the current stock of mainstream panels is almost zero, and the terminal tv inventory is still below normal water levels.
Downstream demand is good, and terminal tv manufacturers still have space for supplies. On the supply side, there is a persistent shortage of upper panel materials, drive-ic and glass-bases are suffering from a shortage of 8 inches of crystal circle and neg factory, respectively.
Shortages due to power outages are expected to continue throughout the quarter.
tclTechnology: Three Quarters Super Pessimistic Expectations, Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-In-In-In-Intra-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In/In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In/In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-F
tclTechnology: Capturing China’s Equity Support has increased performance, and technology as a panel leader will enjoy elasticity of performance.
Newcomers, 2021, are on their way. Although tcl technology was proud of q4 in 20 years.
On a large scale, the company ' s g11 generation t7 line was officially produced on November 11, 2020.
The integration of Suzhou's three-star line will also further expand capacity, which is expected to generate 7.1 million square metres of annual capacity growth. Large-scale capacity will grow by more than 43% in 21 years.
In Wuhan, over 20 years of a new coronary epidemic, it is expected that 21 years of high performance will be restored. The release of new production capacity on the t4 line will also lead to further recovery.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Altitude Street in the West Side of Beijing City has grown. On the new client side, the company's amoled panel has also successfully entered the 10th to 1st edition of the flag ship, which has 1120 nit peaks and 5 million people.
In the future, the company will further expand its large international clients. In addition, the holding company’s central ring shares will add to the company’s performance.
In 2021, the company generated hundreds of millions of dollars in net return profits and enhanced its performance. Over the long term, with the strategic landing of tcl on industrial synergies, operational efficiency and financial cost optimization in the middle ring, it is expected that the development space will be opened further and that it will grow gradually into a growth in company performance.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: benefiting from the upward shift in the panel price hub, the release of in-house production, the expansion of assets and watch, etc., q4 performance supermarket expectations for tcl technology, and expected to break out further in 21 years. So we're going up the company ' s profit forecast, and the company is expected to return a net profit from 2021-2022.
The Division's leading position in semiconductor areas and future long-foot development space, we believe, has returned to the level of q4 in 2017 in the mainstream size of the \triangleright figure 1:tv panel
Figure 2: tcl. Large-scale capacity of tcl. Figure 4: tcl. Science and technology collection and profit performance Figure 5: tcl. Science and technology profitability performance
Figure 7: tcl R & D costs (millions of yuan) Figure 6: tcl cost during science & technology · Cost of sales (%) - Cost of administration (%)
R & D cost rate (%) - financial cost rate (%) Figure 9: tcl Science and Technology Net Profit and Operating Net Cash Flows (millions) Figure 8: tcl Science and Technology Collection and Operating Cash Flows (billions)
Figure 10: Tcl Science and Technology Inventory (millions of yuan) Figure 11: Tcl Science and Technology Receivables (millions of yuan)
Experience, familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics industry chains. Also a sponsor of the home-renowned semiconductor business incubator coffee, which helped a number of semiconductor companies to finance early. Pacific Securities 2017, in 2018, in which securities were offered; Crystal Ball 2/3 in 18/19 in the electronics sector; and Golden Bull Award 18/19, in 18/19, in 3/2 in the electronics sector.
Li Xiaoqing, Master ' s degree from Wuhan University, joining Southwest Securities in 2018, Sinda Securities in 2020, covering semiconductor products Liu Chilai, Master of Finance from Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, and Sinda Securities in 2020, covering the consumer electronics industry chain.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.