q4 overexpected the onset of the outbreak, with a still high growth of 2021 — the tcl technology point review reports a significant improvement in the supply-demand relationship in the industry, and panel price increases have led to a panel surge in business performance.
The lcd panel industry, after a long period of intense competition, has forced overseas producers to phase out of the industry’s production capacity, and local producers, after long periods of countercyclical investment and technological innovation, have fully realized the advantages of scale, cost and technology.
The demand for teleworking and tele-education has increased tv, the supply-demand relationship between the industry has improved significantly, panel prices have continued to rise, and Trendforce data show that December panel prices have continued to rise, with 32 and 43 inches of electricity, and the visual panels have increased by about $3-4. Good demand has kept tcl star China fully productive and open throughout the year.
Income grew by more than 35 per cent on a year-on-year basis, net profits by more than 140 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and net profits on large-scale operations were equal to those on a home-grown, home-grown, home-grown and home-grown basis, as international manufacturers withdrew from their lcd capacity, while high-end investments were made, industry entry barriers were high and it was difficult to re-enter the field on a large scale.
There are no large-scale new production plans, adding up to the current supply of upstream-driven chips such as ic, and we expect that the actual supply of the panels will remain tight, that the 2021 panel prices will continue to be strong, and that the good profitability of HPV will help the company continue to grow in 2021.
The company's acquisition of 60% of Suzhou's three-star electronics and Sioux's three-star show that 100% of the stock is moving forward as planned, pending the completion of the cut-off and the subsequent completion of the cut-off.
In 2021, growth in corporate business income and profits will increase. The Tianjin Central Ring and Samsung in Suzhou are all high-quality industries.
Slender Focus is beginning to show results, cycle improvements are taking advantage of the expansion of profit forecasts and investment proposals.
The performance in 2019 met expectations, focusing on the epidemic abroad, Focus Panel, the King of Solar Power Efficiency in China, maintains a “strongly recommended” rating of 30/20/16 times the daily round price.