Events: On the evening of 10 March 2021, tcl Science and Technology released its annual report for 2020 and, under the same calibre after restructuring in 2019, the company achieved 76.830 billion yuan a year, an increase of 33.9 per cent.
tclTechnology (000100.sz) net profit of 4.39 billion yuan, an increase of 67.6 per cent in the same year, of which q4 received 280.0 billion yuan in the single season, a rise of 73.1 per cent in the ring, a gain of 2.36 billion yuan in the mother ' s net profit and a gain of 1,546 million yuan in the ring.
>According to the rise in panel prices and the increase in central ring assets and tables, the company ' s performance q4 increased significantly. >According to witsview data, the prices of mainstream tv panels increased by 18-20% in four quarters.
In terms of cost rates, corporate q4 management and R & D rates have risen, with investment in the semiconductor industry, and a new chapter in vertical integration of the industrial chain continued.
In addition to the central ring shares of the controlling subsidiary, the industrial investment area has been widely configured, and investments have been made through tcl in semiconductor chains such as Gkowa, typhoid martial arts, the build-up of the North, and the Hanwei Electronics. Moreover, the company’s semiconductor industry invested more than that, as announced in the company’s announcement on the evening of March 10, 21,
It is proposed to co-finance tcl semiconductor technology with the tcl industry at $500 million each to serve as a corporate semiconductor business platform with a higher demand for chip categories for upstream/downstream related industries, such as driver chips, i practice number: s1500520030001
The speech chip is focused on development, and a new round of investment is organized around industrial development opportunities in the areas of chip design, semiconductor power devices, etc. We believe that the company established a tcl semiconductor to invest in, and fully enjoy, the industry, in addition to the coded semiconductor industry.
Beyond the industrial dividend, it helps companies to achieve vertical integration of the industrial chain extending to the upstream key material, with strategic implications similar to that of the company’s creation in 2009 of PVW. In the coming years, the tcl semiconductor is expected to replicate the success of tcl and light a new engine for the company to grow.
Practice No.: s15005200800004 > Vision 2021, energy expansion drives steady growth in performance. On a large scale, the company ' s g11 t7 line, which was officially produced on 11 November 2020, is expected to be full by the end of the 21st year, and will grow.
At the same time, the integration of Suzhou's three-star line will further expand its capacity, which is expected to result in 7.1 million square metres of annual capacity growth. In 21 years, large-sized capacity will grow by more than 43%. In small size, t3 lines, owing to the presence of Wuhan, have performed in 20 years of the new crown epidemic.
The pressure is clear, and the 21-year performance is expected to be significantly repaired. At the same time, the release of t4-line amoled's new capacity will lead to a further increase in the size of the harvest.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: with panel price increases, output release and asset combinations, we expect the tcl Science and Technology Insight Report: Extension M & As and Internal Growth to be 12/10/8 times, respectively. Given the company's leading position in semiconductors and the future.
In addition, companies are entering the harvest period. tclTechnology: Three Quarters of super-pessimistic expectation, extraneous risk factors: repeated outbreaks, lower downstream demand.
tclTechnology: Increasing performance in the acquisition of Chinese S.A.C.E.S.C.E.G.A., highlights the competitiveness of the industry, 2020.05.31 Three Stars Exit + Epidemic Disturbation, Watching New Patterns of Supply and Demand in Panels
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Figure 1: The price of the main size of the tv panel has returned to q3 level in 2017. Figure 2: tcl. Large-sized capacity of the star. Figure 3: Small-sized capacity of the tcl.
Figure 4: tcl Science and technology revenue and profit performance Figure 5: tcl Science and technology profitability performance Figure 6: tcl cost during science and technology
Figure 7: Tcl R & D costs (millions of yuan) - Cost of sales (%) - Cost of management (%) Figure 8: Tcl Collection and Operating Cash Flows (billions)
Figure 9: tcl net profits and operating net cash flows (millions of yuan) Figure 10: tcl inventory of technology (billions) Figure 11: tcl accounts receivable for technology (billions)
The Xian University of Electronics and Technology, which has been a leading researcher for almost five years in the semiconductor industry, has had experience with foreign companies such as Texas instruments, and is familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain. It is also the founder of the country’s well-known semiconductor business incubation platform ic coffee, which helped a number of semiconductor companies to finance early times.
Name; Crystalball 2/3 in 18/19; Gold Bull Award 3/2 in 18/19; Wuhan University Master ' s degree in 2018; South-West Securities in 2020; Sinda Securities in 2020; Semiconductor Products in 2020; Liu Chilai, Master of Finance, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences; and Sinda Securities in 2020, covering the consumer electronics chain.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-approved securities investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.