Glossy glass, performance is high, profits from overseas operations are much better, net profits are $4.12 billion, an increase of 30.9 per cent over the same period, and net profits from deductions are $3.47 billion over the same period.
Overseas business growth, exchange gains plus equity transfer gains boosted profit growth and performed as expected. 2018q4 achieved operating income of $5.10 billion, a 4.0 per cent decline in the same year; net profit return of $860 million, a decline in the same year, a slight decline in income in the fourth quarter, but better than the industry average.
The company’s business in the US continues to improve, and the performance growth is expected to be boosted by an increase in capacity utilization; Russia’s car sales are on the rise, and the company’s business is expected to slow down.
The annual gross profit increase of 0.3 per cent, net of exchange gains and losses and the impact of asset disposal gains, was maintained. The year-round Māori rate remained stable, with sales and management costs increased by 0.5 and 0.6 percentage points, respectively, as a result of the sale of 75 per cent of Fukuton's shareholding in Beijing, and the financial cost rate affected by the exchange gains fell significantly.
Domestic performance is better than industry, and the whole industry is better. In 2018, domestic automobile sales were 27.809 million, 0.01%, well above the industry average. There is still a wide gap between domestic car holdings and advanced countries like Europe and the United States, and the market space is wide and will continue to grow in the medium to long term.
In addition, companies are expected to purchase tributaries, Fausto State molds, set up aluminum and plan to purchase sam assets, improve the whole chain layout of the car glass, and have good prospects for development.
US corporate profits have increased significantly. US companies achieved revenue of $3.41 billion in 2018, an increase of 58.8 per cent over the same year, a net profit of $246 million, an increase of $240 million over the same year, and a significant improvement in profitability for the future.
As the productivity rate increases further, it is expected to contribute more to the performance. In 2018, Russia experienced a bottom-up increase of 12.8% in the sale of cars and light commercial vehicles, and Russian factories were subject to exchange rates, among other things, on March 15, 2019.
In view of the short-term downside in domestic automobile sales, we have adjusted our profit projections slightly, and the company is expected to expand to Europe’s markets.
"Glass of Favour – Growth of Domestic and External Performance Added to Exchange Gains, "Glass of Favour – Steady Growth in Income in the Quarter, Exchange Effect " .
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations