Glass of Favour (600660): Strong year-round performance, accelerated overseas market harvests, key financial indicators (in yuan, 8.08 per cent increase over year-on-year; operating profit of $4.973 billion, increase over year-on-year
*q4 revenue and profits have fallen year-on-year and have increased year-on-year performance. In the fourth quarter, the company achieved a revenue of $5,103 million, a decline of 4.02% from the previous quarter, which is expected mainly to be related to the weakening of the overall domestic and foreign automobile sector in the fourth quarter.
In terms of profits, the company achieved a total profit of 1,016 million yuan in the fourth quarter, a decline of 5.80 per cent.
Each year, after deducting the impact of investment gains such as the sale of 75% of the company’s shareholdings in Beijing, total annual profits increased by 0.29% on a year-on-year basis, with a smooth increase. Q4 costs increased slightly, with exchange gains increasing net corporate profits.
Corporate sales cost increases by 1.53 and 1.42 percentage points in relation to the same and ring, respectively, and we expect to be associated with higher sales costs due to market pressure.
A total of $259 million in exchange earnings is generated, which directly results in lower financial costs of $529 million on a year-on-year basis, increasing net corporate profits. With respect to the Māori rate, which is 18 years gross, the small decline in Māori is mainly due to the decline in Māori car glass in overseas markets.
• The cost of car glass has risen and the business pattern has continued to improve. In 2018, company sales of car glass reached 117 million square metres, an increase of 4.46 per cent over the same period, and vehicle glass unit prices have been measured at $164.47 per square metre, a steady increase from 2017.
Upgrade. We expect that corporate business patterns will continue to improve in the future, as company-backed products, hud head-up, show a rising proportion of high-value-added products such as glass, soundproof glass, water-flag glass, etc.
• Overseas markets have begun to provide steady growth dynamics. In 2018, Glossy Glass (including its 100% holding subsidiary) achieved a sustained profit increase of 3.412 billion, with a current net profit rate for US companies of 7.2%.
There is still a large gap in internal operations, and we believe that there is a gap between future gains in profitability as US firms become more productive and efficient. Corporate income abroad is now growing faster than domestically, and in the future, with overseas production.
With further release, there is room for company growth to be expected. The profitability of the main business is robust, the prices are on the right track, the future renminbi is expected to stabilize the impact of the exchange rate on the company’s performance, while overseas markets are expected to stabilize.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is intended for customers of Chinese securities only. The company will not receive this report for recipients.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.