.ai strategy is advancing steadily and the Kimsan Office is the leading office software and service provider in the country.
Mainly engaged in wpsoffice office software-related products and parent return net profit of $860 million, an increase of 29.85% over the same period.
This represents an increase of 9.4 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $294 million, an increase of 0.18 per cent over the same year; net profit to mothers of $284 million, an increase of 13.36 per cent over the same year, in the realization of office capacity not attributable to wpsoffice office software, gold mountain files, etc.
The product matrix and the Golden Hill Digital Office platform solution. Performances meet expectations and subscriptions are growing rapidly. 1) In the third quarter of the year, the individual subscription business of the company generated $650 million, an increase of 25.64 per cent, and the institutional subscription business received $248 million.
Networking and advertising operations generated $68 million, a decline of 14.38 per cent over the same period.
Word office pole cases are being replicated, company subscriptions continue to thrive and future product lines are being improved, digital office programmes are being upgraded and subscriptions are expected to continue to grow; more corporate business is being authorized, mainly because of the expected impact of party letter-making orders, and future national production and officialization is becoming a major trend.
Agency-authorized operations are expected to remain stable. 2) There is a strong capacity to control the costs of corporate sales, to manage the costs of companies in the previous three quarters, and to maintain a stable level of profitability. 3) The cash flow of companies is good, with the net cash flow of companies operating in the previous three quarters at $3.439 billion, an increase of 41.21 per cent over the previous three quarters, and the company is now strategic.
Wpsai has access to Golden Hill's full-line products and is expected to enhance the client's product experience in the future.
On Technology Open Day, it was announced that the smart office assistant, Wpsai, based on the large language model, has been connected to the main capital/distribution unit (millions of shares) of the Kimsan Office, inviting users to experience the full-asset-ai function.
Software, which provides each user with three new product experiences: aigc (content creation), copilot (intelligence assistant) and insight (knowledge insight). Wpsai, as a class of catgpt applications for co-location tracks, has access to wps text, demos, tables, pdf, gold mountain files, etc.
Lines to solve day-to-day business problems of users in terms of content generation, content understanding, and command operations. One of the most important features of the site is a public event, where companies, as leaders of national-owned office software, have multiple advantages, such as landscape advantages, business technical advantages, client advantages, etc., and are expected to take the lead in achieving ai in the field of office.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: corporate performance is on track, subscriptions are on the rise, corporate ownership falls short of expectations, but is expected to remain stable in the future.
Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery, Kim Shan Office (688111): Performance meets expectations, i strategy is advancing steadily, the source of Eastern Finance and Surgery
East Hing Securities Company reports that Kim Shan Office (688111) performed well and that the i's strategy is advancing steadily.
This is the opinion of the researcher himself. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.