Follow-up points: marginal ups and downs, not pessimistic at this time Keywords: #new products, new technologies, new clients  The recent decline in office in Phnom Penh stems mainly from two factors: 1) 3-quarterly slowdown in revenue; 2) micro
Softcopilot goes into China to worry. We believe that the market’s digestion of the cheapness factor is understandable, 1: the end of the transition period, waiting for the marginal. This year’s uninitiated large-scale bidding for party-initiatives led to a 40% decline in the q3 authorized business income compared to the previous year, which significantly slowed the overall increase, but the company is still in the process of doing so.
At the three-quarterly performance meeting, it was indicated that a partial bidding process had been launched in various locations since September, and industry's innovations were progressing normally, with the outlook for o4 and 24 years being marginal upward expectations; while the market was looking at the future as a whole (2), c) end subscriptions: history q3 was flat, q4 was resilient, members upgraded & ai was cashed in
That is, the market is concerned about the reason for the 23-year q3 C subscription income ring growth, but it's long and resilient. Generally q3 summer users have a relatively low cost of renewal, and companies say they start school to get back to their historical highs.
Further infiltration, and next year’s realization, should not be pessimistic about the c-end business.  The fear that Microsoft copilot is going into China: the wps ceiling is not affected. 1) Not for the first time, there are expectations for China. Microsoft has been in China for centuries for years.
The Internet version is operational, and the international version m365 is for customers who need to go out to sea.
Quarterly review: Postponement of the letter-starter, reversion is sufficient, although the market ' s negative impact on events is somewhat over-magnified in the current market environment.) The main contradiction of the current market is whether or not the i-industry trend is established, not the i-market pattern.
The bottom line is the market's concern about whether or not there's a global application of the ai bomb, and it can be seen in the Golden Mountain Office (688111), where performance is strong, where performance has increased significantly, so the market is now looking very much at Microsoft's official roll-out in November.
The sales after copilot. Before some investors were worried about whether ai was a “false demand” , it was paradoxical that Microsoft would take a share of wps in the country with a good one function. On the contrary, Microsoft copilot sold a lot of customers in the country.
Reflecting the optimistic demand for ai applications, it is a positive sign for the whole of the ai industry. 3) Wps has a low overlap with the potential domestic customer base of Microsoft Copilot. Microsoft copilot only expects to fall to the international version of m365 (less than 20% in 2023 in Microsoft China), the century-wide Internet version.
b. Ends and end c are not planned at all. Microsoft International version m365 is aimed primarily at offshore demand firms, such as mnc (transnational companies), Chinese enterprises with overseas layouts, small and medium-sized enterprises with cross-border trade, and wps are basically located in party institutions, Yan and a large number of end cs.
According to industry research, Microsoft does not target large models of China's regional ai, optimizes compliance, and there are difficult data cross-border compliance issues.
Large, the reasoning card 4090 supports the resource surplus, the wpsai product is still fast-paced at a rate of 1 to 2 times a week, commercialization is expected next year, and there is no need to worry about the computing dimension.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: the wps ceiling in the domestic market depends on the development of the ai industry.
We are optimistic about the need for domestic and foreign-ai applications if not for Microsoft. Looking forward to 23q4 and 2024, the new membership system, the ai, and the letter creation are all marginal upwards, at which point the three major financial projections for the office in KIMshan are presented.
In any event, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it is not consistent.