Quarterly review 2023: Postponement, recovery, October 25, 2023
Keywords: #new products, new technologies, new clients: 32.59% increase in subscriptions. Clouds keep growing faster, leading to growth in corporate income as a whole.
1) Income: Three-quarter end-of-quarter c subscription revenue of 650 million (yoy+25.64%, ring ratio - 2.11%), low 2) users: at the end of 2023q3, company pc end-of-year end-of-year end-of-year end-of-year end-of-year end-of-year end-year end-of-year end-of-year end-of-year end-of-year end-of-year end-of-year end-of-year end-of-life end-of-life end-of-year-year end-of-year end-of-life end-of-life end-of-year end-of-year end-of-year end-of-life end-of-life end-of-year end-of-life end-of-life end-of-life end-of-life end-of-year (Yoy-2.68%) with mobile end-of-end-of-end-of-of-year (Yoy -2.68%)
Arpu has seen a clear upturn. Kim Shan Office (688111). Performance is tenacity, taking into account the short-term impact of the upgrading of the company ' s q2 membership, and the actual fee conversion at end c is still in progress.
Kim Shan Offices (688111): Kim Shan Offices have increased their members' sku and arpu ceilings due to healthy growth trends; based on price increases for subscriptions such as Aichi Arts, we judge the year end to next year's Wpsc endarpu and income increases
b end-of-end subscriptions: continuation of high growth and further growth in future beneficiary industries are expected. q3 income of 666 million (yoy+38.77%) is positive. q3 is positive.
In view of the potential impact of China’s corporate visits on new orders in the first half of the year, we judge that future B-side subscriptions are expected to accelerate further.
▪ End of mandate: The party-initiative large-scale bidding is approaching, with a new round of elasticity. o3 agencies authorized revenue of $131 million (Yoy-41.72%) and $492 million (Yoy-in 2022 q3 agencies authorized business on a high base) in the previous three quarters. We judge the non-initiative positive authorization.
The company is expected to benefit significantly from the advantage of a leading pattern, along with a new round of innovations, which is represented by district-level innovations.  Financial indicators: a slight decline in profit margins, a decline in cost-rate circles, and a full reduction in the pay impact of personnel
(b) Reduced growth in corporate staff since 2022, 2023, costs and cash flows associated with salary increases.
The sound has been fully digested, and we're looking forward to further improvement by the end of the year and next year. ai Progress: The function continues to evolve, opening up gradually. wpsai is now in a new state of normality, anchoring aigc (content creation), copilot (intellectual helper), insight (knowledge insight)
Three strategic directions have been developed. The country’s Wpsai internal measurements are expanding, with high-quality models such as openai, palm2 reaching overseas, and full public access, accompanied by a follow-up record, are expected to advance the process of publicizing and commercializing, and companies are expected to contribute to the revenue increase next year.
Microsoft copilot 30/month b-end pricing exceeds market expectations, wpsai is expected to open up fee penetration and arpu ceiling imagination.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: associated with c-year fees, membership changes, ai-upgrade payments
The trend towards letter-making and subscription is continuing, and we look forward to the three major financial forecasting tables for the company's offices in KIMshan, which have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are now qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.