On October 25, 2023, two subscriptions grew steadily, and I'm still active.
Events: Three-quarterly report by the Office of Kimshan in 2023, with the company achieving revenues of $3.27 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 16.99 per cent over the previous three quarters; net profit on return to mothers of $893 million, an increase of 9.86 per cent over the previous three quarters of the same year; and deductions to Li Xing
At the end of the harvest, there has been steady growth and sustained growth in R & D inputs: the company published its three-quarter report in 2023, which in the first three quarters generated revenues of $3.27 billion, an increase of 16.99 per cent over the previous three quarters; net profit on maternity was 893 million, an increase of 9.86 per cent over the same period; net profit on non-mortality was 860 million, an increase of 29.85 per cent over the same period.
The number of active users at the pc end of the two-subscription business has increased significantly and the number of active users at the pc end has continued to rise: q3 quarter, with companies achieving operating income of $1.098 billion, an increase of 9.40 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $294 million, an increase of 0.18 per cent over the same period; and single quarter, with domestic personal office service subscription revenue of $650 million, an increase of 25.64 per cent over the same period.
Of these, Wpsofficepc has a monthly active device of 259 million, an increase of 8.82 per cent over the same period; wpsoffice has a mobile version of monthly active equipment of 327 million, a decrease of 2.68 per cent over the same period.
Mainly thanks to the company ' s experience in optimizing the use of full-line products, upgrading the membership equity system, and increasing individual user fees and billing, which has led to a steady increase in subscriptions to personal office services in the country. (b) End: q3 1 month revenue from domestic institutional subscriptions and service operations was $248 million, a 36.13 per cent increase over the same period.
This is due to the company’s continuous upgrading of digital office solutions and services, the development and replication of the case of digital office poles for government clients, and the rapid growth of the business; the domestic agency’s authorized business revenue of $131 million, a 41.72% decrease over the same year.
ai and collaboration are important strategies, the wpsai open invitation experience, and the pricing strategy is expected to be published by the end of the year: 20 September, 2023 Golden Mountain Office Technology Open Day was successfully held in Wuhan, where companies announced a monthly report on artificial intelligence based on large languages.
The model's smart office assistant, Wpsai, has access to the full-line product of the office in Phnom Penh, inviting users to experience the full-scale components.
[Galactic Computer] Company reviews the new membership system and Open Source Base, which, through training, helps wpsai to become the home-run one office application. Wpsai releases, the rate of payment is double the expected value of the arpu.
ai and collaboration are an important strategy for the present phase of the office in Kanshan, which will recreate the office software using a large model that will provide each user with a new product experience in aigc (content creation), copilot (intellectual assistant) and insight. The company management has indicated that it is expected to make it publicly available by the end of this year.
We believe that the company, as a leading producer with the capacity to document in the field of office, is expected to double the company’s rate of payment at aigc. Making progress is less than expected; and letter-making is less than expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.