\triangleright Kimsan Office (688111.sh)
Q3 performance in the single quarter: in the third quarter of 2023, the company achieved operating income of $1,098 million, an increase of 9.40 per cent; net profit attributable to the parent owner of the company of $294 million, an increase of 13.36 per cent. Operating cash flows continued to grow, with net operating cash flows in the third quarter.
344 million yuan, an increase of 41.21 per cent over the same period.
In the third quarter, personal subscription revenue amounted to $650 million, an increase of 25.64 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the upgrading of the membership system, which led to an increase in the unit price and fee conversion.
36.13 per cent. Corporate q3 quarter authorized operating revenue of $131 million, a decrease of 41.72 per cent from the previous year, mainly due to the high base for the same period last year and the fact that the current party-based information-making order was less than expected. The monthly active equipment for the product was 589 million, an increase of 1.90 per cent from the previous year.
The monthly active equipment per pc version is 259 million, an increase of 8.82 per cent over the same period; the mobile version of the monthly active equipment is 2.71, 3.70 and $5.11, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of the company; risk factors: 1. Downstream demand risk: the number of individual subscriptions is bottleneck and the growth is not as high as expected;
\triangleright Business Clients do not operate well and market demand declines. 2. Policy risk: IT policy advances.
Itd building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City Portal, Beijing City West Side, is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.