Corporate subscriptions are bright, full-fledged ai strategy (6881.sh) Office in Kimshan . Performance is in line with adjusted expectations and institutional subscriptions are bright
(1) During the first three quarters, the company achieved operating income of 3.270 billion yuan, an increase of 16.99 per cent over the previous three quarters; net return to the mother was 893 million yuan, an increase of 9.86 per cent over the previous three quarters. Of this amount, q3 achieved operating income of $1.098 billion, an increase of 9.40 per cent over the same period; net profit to the mother of $294 million, an increase of 0.18 per cent over the same period; net lost profits were realized
(2) According to sub-operations, q3-quarter institutional subscription revenue was $248 million, an increase of 36.13 per cent over the same period, showing a bright performance; individual subscription income was $650 million, an increase of 25.64 per cent over the same period; and agency authorization revenue was $131 million, mainly due to the under-required bidding of party political writings.
The net cash flow of operating activities in the single quarter was $344 million, an increase of 41.21 per cent over the same period. (4) Contract liabilities + other current liabilities + other non-current liabilities balance of $2,234 million, which was significantly more effective in adjusting the corporate membership system than it had been at the beginning of the year, and the amount advanced by long-cycle members increased faster.
• Full-scale energy ai strategy to re-establish office software using large models The company anchors aigc (content creation), copilot (intellectual assistant) and insight (knowledge insight) three major strategic directions to bring to users the results of the first landing of the ai in the field of internal office software. Wpsai does
"A little overperformance, wpsai opens up new space for a cathgpt class application for co-ops, now has access to wps text, presentations, tables, corporate information update report 2023.8.23.
pdf, gold mountain files, etc.. With the commercialization of aigc, copilot, and insight, the company became Microsoft to test a client price increase to officeai, and the long ceiling is expected to open further.
"Continues to increase subscriptions, launch a new round of motivation for growth - corporate updates."