Performance meets expectations. Focus on master + employee incentives to promote companies.
• The company ' s performance increased significantly in the third quarter of the year, thanks to the recovery of the engineering and machinery industry and the sale of revenues from the environmental industry: $5,070 million, i.e. 0.57 per cent of the year ' s revenues and $150 million of the net return to the mother, i.e. + 340.37 per cent of the year ' s revenues.In the first three quarters of 2017, due to the start-up rate of domestic infrastructure projects and the use of equipment for the company ' s priority products
The rate has continued to rise steadily, with the company’s principal operating income increasing considerably over the same period last year. At the same time, the company’s sale of the environmental industry has generated significant investment returns for the company, while allowing it to have sufficient cash flow to deal with the financial problems that preceded it, with accumulated losses of $8.75 billion in asset impairments in the first three quarters of 2017, and significant improvements in the quality of the company’s assets.
The company ' s combined Māori rate has increased by a year-on-year decline, and the profit level has improved significantly.
The company retains 20% of its shareholdings, and we believe that the major transferees have a great deal of experience in operating and investing in the environmental industry, and that environmental companies can more effectively take advantage of their preponderance in environmental equipment manufacturing and ensure that environmental companies continue to grow at a high rate.
On the other hand, the company’s sales of environmental plates allow the company to focus on other core business. In the area of engineering machinery, as the country continues to strengthen its investment in major projects, rural public utilities, and “I”
The launch of the “Bring-a-way” project, coupled with the peak period of up-to-date equipment, will keep the engineering and machinery industry warm. At the same time, in the field of agricultural machinery, as structural changes along the agricultural supply side are advanced and rural land flows are accelerated, agricultural mechanization levels will increase further, and the agro-machinery sector will be driven.
We believe that companies have always been pioneers in engineering and agro-machinery, and that in the past few years, due to macroeconomic influences, the industry has fallen significantly, and that in the future, the economy has been growing faster than ever before, and the recovery of the industry has been clear, and the company has concentrated its efforts in engineering and agriculture.
▪ Motivate the enthusiasm of employees through equity incentives, and improve incentives to promote company performance by billions of restricted shares. Incentives involve executives and employees, companies exercising their rights and lifting restrictions on sales.
The conditions are strictly limited. We believe the company has introduced equity incentives in a reciprocal manner. 1. The Central and Central Quality Section: Performances are slightly below expectations. The case illustrates the confidence of the company ' s management and employees in the company ' s performance and looks at the incentive mechanisms as they evolve.
After the recovery of engineering machinery and the growth in the performance of companies with strong agro-mechanical sanitation, the company is the leading company in the engineering-mechanical industry, which has benefited both from the recovery of industry and from its own financial improvements.
The future of the internationalization strategy can be expected, Rex, if the acquisition succeeds, to become the third largest engineering machine in the world.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board