Two-flagship products are strong and the new pull performance is high.
On August 25, 2021, the company launched its annual two-flag ship product: stone from the clean-up tow machineg10 and stone-headed smart two-brush machineu10.
The market share is expected to continue to rise with titanium, product expansion, product rotation, brand brand appreciation, and the maintenance of a rock-g10: auto-washing tow-swap-swap-swap robot with a first-generation water tank, compared to the company's previous t7splus, t7pro, stone-g10 sweeper with an intelligent rewasher that can be used.
It provides three types of cleaning strategies, including quick washing, routine washing, and deep washing. It also provides the industry with the first-ever auto-repair function of the water tank of the floor sweeper, which is 400 square metres longer to continue. The rock g10 product is more powerful than the competition, and has a strong edge in self-cleaning patterns, multistory identification, carpet recognition, etc.
• Stone u10: Smart, clean double-brusher, first-covering, double-brushing configuration, compared to competitive, rock u10-painting, full-covering, double-brush configuration, with a clean-up equivalent to two clean-up-of-the-brush machine, combined with a higher full power, faster speed, more suction, and a better ground-based stain
• Respirator and outlook: the company was well sold in the first half of the year, with a high growth in the performance of new pulls.
We believe that the company's two-flag ship product has an original functional design and a stronger product power. This is another test of the company's great power in technology for ground-cleaning robotics, as well as the introduction of new types of land-washing machines, the launch of the Corporate Information Update Report - own branding.
In the first half of 2021, the sales of stone brands increased by 88.9%, compared with the company update report, the top story, and in July 2021, the sales of stone brands increased by 83.3%, compared with the sales of companies.
Good head. We expect companies to act as industry leaders, accompanied by land sweepers, land washing machine product penetration, industry, Corporate Information Updates – the impact of maritime transport is weak, the scale is gradually increasing, the disadvantages of missing cores and shipping are being eased, and the new pull performance is increasing.
q1 is expected to continue to increase - 1; the company issues its annual double-flag ship product, and the first day of sales pre-sale performance is as expected. The company continues to grow deep in the area of cleaning appliances, bringing new product experiences to users. 25 August 2021
The company has released its annual two-flag ship product: stone from clean-trawling robotsg10 and stone-smart two-brushing machinesu10. In terms of sales, stone from clean-trawling robotsg10 to hand price $3999 and stone-smart two-brushers u10 to hand price $3499.
The sale is scheduled for the first day: 756 stones (of which 878 stones (of which 196 are reserved for stone cats and 682 for stone kyoto counters) are scheduled for sale.
2 Stones g10: Robots with an auto-washing moped with a shake-and-trailer 2.1, Stone g10 product point (1) Industry’s first-ever water tank is automatically rehydrated and drags over 400 square metres.
Water tanks with automatic water recharge can be used to complete automatic water recharge in robotic water tanks, in conjunction with the self-cleaning of the peg base, and to drag over 400 square metres. Users are no longer required to remove mops, hand-washing mops, and disassembly water tanks with their own hands. (2) Upgrade automatic wash-backs to complete scrubbing by scrubbing. For automatic washbacks, companies are in the rocks.
The head g10 was innovatively designed to clean the mop using a "painting" approach, and the water-sprayable mop cleaners in the base were connected to the water-cleaning tank via a vibrating pump, and went back and forth to the "brushing" under the slide, and at the very end the sewage was cleaned up and the whole cleaning process was accomplished.
(3) The mop cleaning slot is optional and the user is freer. Given the different user requirements for washing the mop and the time, the user is freer to choose from a different moping pattern slot in a mobile phone app, subject to the needs of the user.
(4) 2500pa desorption, 3,000 spin-high frequency vibration design, with a strong sorbency. Rock g10 has a heavy sorbency of 2,500 pa, and is designed in conjunction with all-line floating coatings and is not easily entangled in hair. Stone g10 uses high frequency vibration design up to 3,000 spins of motor, effectively disrupting the dirt on the ground.
(5) The mops are automatically raised and down, and the carpets open up. The mops of the rock g10 can automatically rise at a distance of more than 5 mm above the ground; when the mops are washed back and cleaned up, they automatically rise up the tow ground module to avoid two contaminations; when charged, the tow sheets up can remain ventilated and effectively ease the smell of the site;
Stones g10 encounters carpets that rise themselves up to the mop staircase, so they suck dust instead of the carpet, and they can open up the sweep mode. Figure 2: Stone g10 has the opportunity to sweep to the carpet, the mops can rise, the stubble mode (6) laser navigation, the Lidar shelter, supports the 4-storey map memory switch.
The algorithm system Rrmason 8.0 +lidar avoids, laser radar rotates five times a second to scan, and knows better about shielding. The rock g10 is highly intelligent, allows for simultaneous memory and automatic recognition of four maps, and allows flexibility in comparison of complex home space 2.2, and industry mainstream land sweeper products.
(1) Stonesg10 compared to the company ' s previous t7splus, t7pro: Self-cleaning: Stonesg10 adds smart rewashing functions, allows automatic scrubbing and provides three cleaning strategies, including fast washing, daily washing, and in-depth washing.
Auto-rehydration: Stoneg10 adds to the industry's leading surface sweeper water tank auto-rehydration function, with a significant increase in drag-over capacity to 400 square metres, exceeding 250 square metres of t7spans, t7pro, with a wider scope: Stoneg10 uses laser navigation +lidar shielding.
The rrmason 8.0 algorithm for t7splus. In carpet recognition, in addition to the automatic lift-up of t7splus, the t7pro scavenging mode was added. Pricing: On prices, it can also be seen that the price of t7splus, t7pro, is significantly higher than t7splus, t7pro, and t7pro.
The company's continuous product innovation and functional upgrading has led to the logic of an increase in average prices. (2) Stonesg10 compared to competing Cowardsn9+, cloud whalesj1, search w10, whalingh10: in basic parameters: rockg10 compared to other competitions, larger dust collection capacity, lower body size, net product
It's lighter, and the product is lighter. Cleaning itself: rock g10 has an intelligent washback function that allows automatic scrubbing, and provides three cleaning strategies, including fast, daily, in-depth washing.
Automatic water recharge: rock g10 and Cowsn9+ are self-contained water tanks, but rock g10 is uniquely equipped to clean up up up to 400 m2 and is equal to violh10 and higher than other competitions. Cleaning capacity: rock g10 uses Lidar shelter, supports up to 4 floors on multiple floors, high
Compared to competitions, carpets can automatically lift the mops without dragging, while also opening up the pressure-added mode and performing a powerful sweep. Rocks g10 has a full-floating coating, which is more powerful than competitive hair handling.
3.1. Stone u10 product bright spots (1) Full-cover brushes, two-way spins, and more clean. Rock u10 is designed to be a unique double-brusher when running. Designed to be two-time clean-up of a single-rolling machine, coupled with spin effects, with a doubling of cleanness.
Common side drive, covering the middle; backknob, using a central drive, covering both sides. Limited resolution of the problem of uncleaning the walls, full coverage of the edge gap. All will adapt to the rhythm of the user.
(iii) The use of dry-wet non-spare wind machines, with a maximum speed of 73860 turns. Rock u10, with a dry-wet non-spare wind machine, has the advantage of long-lived, low noise and efficiency.
4 On the basis of a real-time scenario, the amount of water is automatically adjusted from cleaning time and soaking water. Stone u10, using an intelligent infrared sensor, is intelligently able to regulate its own cleaning time, allocates the right amount of water, suction, enhances the cleanness of the worse areas (5) large-capacity water tanks and 5,000 mah lithium batteries, and achieves a very long voyage.
Boxes with a large capacity of 850 ml and 600 ml, respectively, can work 15 minutes at a time in automatic modes; and have 5,000 mah ' s excess-capacity lithium batteries with more than 35 minutes at a time of charge support, with a cleanness of 280 m2 3.2, comparison of mainstream land washing machine products in industry
Rocks u10 are the only product with a double-brushing design, with a higher full power, faster speed, more scavenging, and better cleaning of products. In terms of cleaning/sewage tank capacity, rock u10 ranks second in five products;
Battery capacity of 5000mah, rock u10 one-time cleaning area of 280 square metres, higher than other competitions. 4, Retrievals and outlook: good sales momentum in the first half of the year and high performance growth in the new pint, we believe, accompanied by the roll-out of the rock from clean-up tow robot g10, attests to the company's scavenging robots.
The industry continues to show new and powerful R & D strengths; and the launch of the stone-smart landwasher u10 confirms the company’s cross-border ability to build new product categories and launch new blasts. Behind this is the company’s long-term incremental innovation in R & D, deep-deep farming, barriers in clean appliances, soft and hardware planning, cleaning, automation, etc., and the support of smart algorithms.
In the first half of 2021, the company sold its products well. According to nausea data, in January-June 2021, stone brands sold 340 million, an increase of 88.9 per cent, and in July 2021, stone brands sold 300 million, an increase of 83.3 per cent.
The company, driven by the sale of new two-flag products, we believe that the company's market share is boosted by the accumulation of R & D, product expansion, product rotation, brand appreciation and brand appreciation.
Increased industry competition; shortage of raw materials; increased risk of overseas epidemics.