:: Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) on the evening of 23 March, the company issued an outward investment announcement, and the company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, Cashing Shantley
Investment Limited (hereinafter referred to as “Santley”) signed a Memorandum of Understanding on Cooperation (eaaaII) with Eskin Consolidated Chemical Investment (China) Ltd. (skgeocentricchinalimited, skgc) in Xu Xu Xin, Lien Yungang City, Jiangsu Province, on 22 March
In combination with their respective strengths and strengths in terms of technology, intellectual property, and industry capacity, Skgc and Santalley agreed to increase funding from China and Korea to build and operate a 50,000-ton production-year eaa device.
The company is the Central Korean firm, with a total investment of $2.17 billion and a 60% stake in skgc, and a 40% stake in the company's price compared to a 300-deep trend.
. ..eaa performance is excellent, ready to replace national production and potentially large market space eaa is a new packaging material with excellent thermal seals, resistant to tear, able to isolate air and water, excellent glue to metals, glass, etc., electric car batteries.
A wide range of applications, including polar and diaphragms, food and pharmaceutical packaging, photovoltaics, etc., can also be applied to electrical wires, and according to the Technology and Market Research for Ethylene-Acrylic Constellation Development, the material is currently fully import-dependent, with annual imports of about 20-30 million tons, of which high end composite soft packaging materials are coated.
The market demand for the grade eaa product is about 15,000 tonnes/year, and the base resin required for domestic high-pressure cable internal and external shielding is about 5,000 tonnes/year. In terms of pattern, the current global eaa production industry includes Dubon, Akma, France, Todsi, Exxon, Doo Chemistry, comparable roads in Germany,
Spanish companies such as Repsol, whose production process is similar to that of the eva, require a high temperature pressure polymer reaction, which is divided into pipe and pan approach, with higher production barriers. eaa is rich in potential applications.
Better market prospects. According to the literature, eaa has higher viscous performance and higher thermal stability than in the case of eva, and is a non-corrosive product, with a wider range of adaptable processing conditions, and new applications for eaaa in the new energy sector. They can be used for electric car batteries.
The polar and diaphragms can increase battery stability. In the Dithium ion Batteries Aluminium Plastics Distillation Summary, it is also mentioned that eaa has been repeatedly studied and verified as having been able to perform as lithium cell aluminium in 1.3 quarters, resulting in a decrease in the price of raw materials.
In addition, eaa is used in photovoltaics to increase sealability and durability. 2. Satellite chemical depth bis: U.S. ethane prices
The eaa market has a higher selling price and a higher value-added product. But high prices also limit its ability to start production on schedule, waiting for the bottom to be reversed, for high-end uses. If a domestic breakthrough is made, it opens up even more.
• Actively seek advanced technical cooperation in the field of raw materials + new materials for deployment in cooperation with kkgc, which continues to be added to the first set of domestic devices. The sskgc parent companysk group is the third largest multinational enterprise in Korea and the largest energy-chemical company in Korea.
In August 2022, the company announced the construction of the 40,000-ton eaa device with kskgc, the first domestic installation, which was the second 50,000 tons in the current period.
The company’s cost advantages are significant. eaa is a combination of ethylene and refined acrylic acids that are condensed through high-temperature, high-pressure free radicals.
It is clear from the agreement that the satellite subsidiary Shantley will provide the joint venture with ethylene and vinyl acid raw materials. eaa is a conglomerate of ethylene and vinyl acid, which can be effectively combined with the company ' s existing c2 and c2 and
c3 Industrial chain, all of the raw materials. This satellite chemistry and skgc collaboration is a key initiative to extend the search for advanced materials outside the company, reflecting the firm's positive decision to place new materials in the field, and we continue to recommend attention to low-energy low-carbon emissions, cost leadership, R & D drivers, and scarcity.
(b) Light Hydrocarbons flagship satellite chemistry. Risks associated with the lack of demand for acrylic hydrocarbons and downstream demand in the quarter of 2022 (1) price fluctuations for raw materials and major products; (4) implementation of the project at a slower rate than expected;
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.