Jdong Gold (600547.sh)
The rise in the value of gold contributed to performance growth by billions of yuan, or 28.91 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was 1,293 million yuan in the same year.
In 2016, the company’s mineral gold increased by $1.4 billion to $4.2 billion from last year’s. First, the Shanghai gold exchange 2 (99.95 per cent) is on average every year.
Annual mineral gold sales increased by 4.16 to 31.13 tons from last year, further increasing by 400 million yuan. Gold resource taps, a share of the purest and best.
Processing and marketing gold resources developers are one of the three largest gold-mining enterprises in the country. They own four “Ten National Gold Mines” and other gold mines, including the New City Gold Mine, the Kaji Gold Mine, the Linglong Gold Mine, the Sansan Island Gold Mine.
Tons to 29.98 tons. Thirty-one tons of planned production in 2017 are still more likely than expected. At the same time, the company’s full cost of gold is largely controlled at $210–$250, an average of $225.9 over the last five years, and the full cost of gold will remain stable as the high-grade gold mine becomes operational.
A net profit in excess of the promised net profit, which has not been fully realized as a result of the security clean-up. We believe that, based on the current gold price, the valuation of the capital, which is based on a valuation of $257/g of gold, and the forecast of profits, is more likely than expected if the output is released to meet expectations.
It is proposed to purchase 50 tons of rights to prospecting for high-grade gold mines at $783 million, to explore for the future or area of the largest gold mine in the country, with a gold resource reserve of 50,233 tons, with an average grade of 3.17 g/ton, in close proximity to the company's monasteries, which will be developed as a whole.
The island's Western Ridge Gold Mine, which has a record metal volume of 382.58 tons, with an average grade of 4.52 g/t, with a high grade, is expected to be the largest gold mine in the country since the end of the exploration process. In line with a commitment to avoid competition between companies and groups, prospecting in the Western Ridge is expected to be the largest in the country.
The company will, in accordance with its commitments, urge Shandong Gold Geology Mineral Survey Limited to introduce the right to prospecting in the Western Ridge into the company in accordance with the procedure.M/g, the annual mineral gold sales will be 32/37/42 tons, respectively, with the full cost of the gold.
(b) Assuming that the company does not hedge, the sales price is equal to the price of the Shanghai gold exchange 2 # gold cut-off price;
Wang Fenghua: Master ' s degree from the People ' s University of China and currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute. For 19 years, in the seller ' s research industry, the author of the sales team of the Institute of Securities and Securities has been qualified or qualified in securities investment consultancy by the Chinese Securities Association and has ensured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.