The price of gold in Shandong (600547.sh) is in control of rising costs. The price of gold in 2016 has been reversed, with an 8% increase in the international average price of $1.249 and the domestic average price of $268 and the same ratio.
The company ' s average gold sales price in 2016 was $267.32/g, an increase of 13.39 per cent in the same year, and the sales price was essentially the same as in the domestic gold market; the gold production rate was $132.38, a slight increase of 1.21 per cent in the same year, indicating a strong capacity to control the company ' s costs. The company ' s gross mineral gold ratio was the same as \triangleright, owing to higher price increases than changes in costs.
In 2016, the company produced 29.98 tons of mineral gold, or 0.24% less than in the same year, as a result of the suspension of production of non-coal mines by the city of Linan gold and the returning company. According to the announcement, the returning company has returned to production, the production has returned to pre-production status, and the factors affecting production have been eliminated. In 2016, the company sold 31.13 tons of mineral gold, or 4.72% more than in the same year, making up for the decline in production.
In 2017, 31 tons of mineral gold were planned, representing an increase of 1.02 tons over 2016. Significant asset restructuring was completed and production increased significantly. Major asset restructuring (purchase of eastern wind prospecting rights, eastern wind mining rights and related assets and liabilities, 70.65 per cent of reintroduction companies and 51 per cent of Punley mines, new prospecting rights, 20 per cent of Punley mines and 29 per cent of Punley mines) was financed by companies issuing shares to purchase assets.
The US Federal Reserve has raised interest rates twice since the end of 2016, and the current rate increase is now due to the market’s well-anticipated expectation of interest hikes \triangleright \triangleright.
The price of gold will be limited. The year 2017 will mark the European election year, with policy uncertainties and the retreat of political parties due to the rotationary uncertainty that will boost the demand for gold, and Trump’s trade protectionism and bank deregulation policies will lead to increased uncertainty and support for gold prices.
Risk factors: below expectations in mineral gold production; risk of fluctuations in gold prices; increased production costs; disruption of production due to sudden events such as natural disasters, environmental protection, etc.
The company's first-page financial data is on the non-ferrous metal and steel team.
Don Ezekiel, Research Assistant for the Non-ferrous Metals Industry. Master of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2016 for non-ferrous metal research.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular customers. It is not intended for the public to produce publicly available information that is considered reliable by a Sinda security, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.