Shunfeng Holdings (002352.sz) reported in mid-2024: Shunfeng Holdings (002352); Shunfeng Holdings issued a mid-term report for 2024. In the first half of 2024, the company achieved a net return to the mother.
Roughly $4,806 million, an increase of 15.1% over the same year; net profit of $4,448 million from non-repatriation of mothers, a continuation of a healthy business strategy that promotes sound profit growth. On the one hand, at the income end, companies consistently adhere to the business tone of sustainable and healthy development and pursue high-quality industries.
Business and income growth, economic operations back to the straight-line system; in addition to the demand for international air and sea transport prices, and the firm’s deepening of its operations to facilitate the development of supply chains and international markets. On the other hand, at the cost side, the company is promoting multi-connectivity, business model change, resource precision planning, etc.
On the profit side, the company ' s net interest rate of 24h1 is 3.1%, compared to the Piti point. On the cash flow side, 24h1 buys fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets to be paid.
1) With regard to speed transport and the large piece segment, the net profit of the 24h1 segment was $4,796 million, an increase of 16.4 per cent over the same period.
(b) In the case of instantaneous distribution divisions with the city, the net profit from the 24h1 segment was increased to 62 million yuan (US$ 30 million for the same period of 23h1) through the optimization of the business structure, refinement of management and technology-driven real-time gain.
Millions of dollars, of which 24h1 dollars is contributed to the mother’s net profit, a decrease of 69.3 per cent over the same period. In the domestic market, companies will continue to deepen their clients’ needs and diversify their business landscapes, improving product discipline.
In international markets, companies will take advantage of the local advantages of Sinda Securities Inc. in Asian markets to speed up the global network layout and construct a second growth curve for long-term development.
In the past two years, the company has been successful in collecting, transiting, transporting and sending all the links to the Golden Tower No. 127, Wumenxi Street, in Beijing, in the West Side.
In addition, in 2024, the company will invest in the first- and second-line personnel’s competitive remuneration, changes in operating patterns, the operation of the Okhu State air hub, and the improvement of the international network. While these investments may put some pressure on the cost of 2024 in the short term, they will be beneficial.
The company’s long- and long-term structural cost optimization, further capacity-building for differentiated services, and upgrading of its clients, strengthens the company’s long-term barriers to competition. With its profit-making practices and deeper transformational benefits, the company expects to return to its mother’s net profit rate in the second half of this year.
The annual net profit margin will be higher than in 2023. We expect that the relevant inputs, such as first- and second-line pay reforms, business model changes and international network improvements, will peak this year, adding a demand climate or \triangleright.
At least once a year, cash transfers are made. In the case of conditions, they can be made in the medium term depending on the actual business situation. We believe that the preparation of long-term shareholder returns planning for a company reflects the company’s consideration of factors such as its own development strategy, stage of development, operating position, capital expenditure plan, cash flow, etc.
\triangleright delivers logistics poles, with wide medium- and long-term values, and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: less than anticipated requirements for the statute of limitations; less than expected improvements in new operations; excess delivery, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, maritime transport, etc., in major areas of transport, the new wealth component of 2021 and 2022 is irrelevant and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.