24h1 plates are growing steadily, and the Māori rate is rising further 2024h1, with companies adhering to sustainable development strategies, and businesses are growing robustly. On the income side, 2024h1, the company achieved $134.4 billion in operating income, of which the company’s prescription express/economy is fast.
Luangnan delivery/fast/cold transport and medicine/combined immediate distribution/supply chain and international/other operations, respectively, achieve a steady growth trend in the main business portfolios under the company's sustainable development strategy.
Ninsechi, which has been accompanied by a significant increase in the average revenue of the company ' s economy by the sale of a large network since June 2023, has increased the overall rate of revenue from mobile logistics at an accelerated rate, while benefiting from stable international air traffic prices in the first half of the year.
□: Ningxiuqi_yj@chinastock.com.cn Collapse takes advantage of business opportunities to go out to sea, constantly expands supply chains and international markets, and increases in corporate supply chains and international branch revenues.
In 2024h1, the company further refined its network structure, released its scale benefits, and increased its Māori ratio compared to the previous one. As a result, the company continues to optimize its business model, improve its network structure, further release of its model benefits, and the efficiency gains are visible.
At the cost end, 2024h1, the company ' s sales costs/management costs/financial costs, amounting to 1.47 billion profit-making and management, respectively, and the technology enabling continuous improvement in management efficiency.
In the first half of 2024, the company opened 55 domestic and 13 international freight routes to connect 40 cities across the country, reaching 15 international terminals.
In the first half of 2024, the company was divided between 30 January 2024 (No. 1), 30 April 2024 (No. 2) and successively.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be treated as a customer by the recipient as such. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment in order to ensure quality of service, control investment risks.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.