Volkswagen auto parts and components Report 2021: steady growth, active exposure to industry pressure Events: company annual report 2021, yielding business income of $23.6 billion over the reporting period
1. Analysis of the company ' s performance throughout the year: combined companies achieved business income of $23.6 billion in the reporting period, an increase of 18.57 per cent over the same period in the previous year; total profits of $3.8 billion, an increase of 22.81 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $3.1 billion, an increase over the previous year
Because the cost of transportation was changed from the original charge for the current period to an operating ratio of -0.6 pct during the reporting period, mainly due to the impact of higher shipping costs and pure alkaline, of which shipping costs were equal to total equity/flow (million shares)
The increase in pure base is RMB 107 million, which affects the Māori rate by 0.45 percentage points. Pacific Car Billion, minus exchange gains and losses, total profits in this reporting period are higher than in the same period of the previous year.
The team's three-quarterly review - Māori rates remain high -- 100 million, with $8.9211 million worth of profit from the epidemic in 2020 in the United States.
2021/10/29 (pre-tax), showing an improvement in United States operations; but considering the 2019 US Fukuoka Glass (600660)
Business profits of up to $57.79 million (without compensation) show that America’s team in Fulfilling the Future reports steady ring comparison and a lot of uplifting and restoration space.
Upgrade, Keeping ACQ 2 q4 Quarterly Performance Analysis: q4 received $6.45 billion, corresponding to +5.22%, Ring to Fulfilled Glass (600660).
q4 achieves a net return with no change in the long-term growth logic.
This is due to a combination of higher financial costs due to losses on exchange, and a decrease in asset impairment and other gains. But, as can be seen from revenue collection, the firm’s market share has risen steadily, and higher value-added products, which have risen over the same period in the previous year.
Professional Qualifications Code: 3. New changes in industry, new opportunities for companies: at this stage cars are no longer a simple traffic tool, and the development of a new quadrupling of cars has led to the integration of more and more new technologies into car glass.
It also provides new opportunities for the development of the automotive glass industry, driving the car glass towards “safe comfort, energy-efficient environmental protection, beautiful fashion, intelligent integration”, intelligent panorama glass, radiable glass, glass-up display, super-segregated glass, etc.
The ratio of value products has been rising, the volume of bicycles has increased significantly, new changes in the industry have created new opportunities for companies to grow over time.
58 billion, “buy-in” rating.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the statement in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.