Short-term delays in performance, such as rapid growth in income, exchange and freight.
Performance. The chip shortage is expected to ease gradually in 2022, with domestic and foreign car sales or heating and support companies improving their performance. The company’s market share continues to rise, product structure improves the expansion of the add-on category, value volumes continue to grow rapidly, and short-term performance, such as currency exchange and freight, has been slowed down in 2021.
A 35.9 per cent decrease in the gross gross gross domestic product (GDP) for the year as a whole is 0.6 pct, mainly due to a small 0.1 pc increase in shipping costs and a net base increase, a 39 per cent increase in financial costs (loss on exchange of $110 million), a 1.2 pc decrease in four fees, and better cost control. 21q4 is affected by a shortage of chips, and domestic passenger vehicles
Production fell by 0.3 per cent, the company earned $6.45 billion (+5.2 per cent) better than industry, and the Māori rate was relatively stable, but the net profit of $550 million (-37.3 per cent) was attributable to the appreciation of the renminbi, a one-time fee for fysam and an increase in the price of raw materials, among other things.
In 2022, the chip shortage is expected to slow down, and domestic and foreign car sales will probably grow faster, pushing companies to improve their performance. The new crown epidemic has affected the re-engineering of the global automotive glass industry, with some competitors closing down Europe.
For example, in industrial factories in the continent, corporate revenue grew faster than about 15 pct in 2021, and the global market share will boost rapid growth in the automotive glass industry. A return in domestic and foreign car sales, a fall in raw material prices, and a rise in corporate shares are expected to contribute to sustained growth.
Structural improvements are expanding and value is increasing. 2021 companies have higher value-added products in Piti, about 3.3 pct, and car glass, 3.8 pct. The proportion of skyscreen glass used in new energy cars is increasing, combined with such functional applications as low-e plating, and it is expected that the value-added will increase.
The sam apparel operation is subject to short-term performance pressure due to the epidemic and a lack of core, but production is based on the market price of 18 March 2022.
Glass of Favour: High q4 Performance Growth, Increase in Volcano Prices and 1) Not As Expected; 2) Significant Reductions in Product Prices; 3) Increased Costs such as Raw Materials.
20201101 S.H.I.E.L.D. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.