The old cellar in the state is very popular, and the current leadership of the company is very competent, and it's been in the past five years.
Looking ahead, the cellar is entering a new 20 billion dollar journey, returning to strategic status. Companies are actively expanding their national markets, raising space in vulnerable regions in the future. High-end white branding barriers and industry patterns are clear.
The recovery has been relatively positive, with a marked trend towards concentration of head. The epidemic has hit alcohol consumption and catering more strongly, and the returns of the White wine 1 season have remained almost equal, but we believe that the statements are better than actual sales, and that the two-quarter channels are expected to continue to absorb stocks and remain high overall.
White wine brand barriers are high, and high-end white wine patterns are clear in the form of poo, five grain fluids, and 1573 for the country’s guests. At present, the price of the poo batch is stable at over $2,000, the effect of the five grain fluids’ internal reforms has been evident for almost two years, and the price of the future batch may be more than $1,000.
Looking back, the company’s management team was excellent, leading the company to turn the corner and move to a new stage of development. In 2013, the cellar raised prices in the “reverse market,” and the strategic failure led to a significant decline in sales performance.
In 2015, the company’s new management was threatened with radical changes in its organizational structure, product strategy, and marketing model. In terms of the effect of the reforms, the company turned the corner, the reforms were very effective, and the brand recovery process was well under way.
1573 billion people are on a new journey, and the price increases are ready. The country's customers are now standing at 1573, the high-end white wine series, the price of the product has been raised to $860 after successive price increases in 2019, and sales in 2019, with $10 billion in calibre revenue, and are expected to reach 20 billion in the future.
A sophisticated channel layout, investment in corporate core resources, and rigid product quality. As the country’s 1573 cellars are on track, the company will concentrate its resources on branding the specials, and it is expected that the next two years will lead to a single outbreak.
The southwest market is dominated by consolidation, which is the base market for corporate nationalization. The North China region has grown faster in the last two years, 1573 degrees low in the cellar, using market prices as a standard on July 6, 2020.
More recently, the company concentrated its resources in Henan Market, where it planned to reach 1.2 billion sales in the Henan Markets in 2022. The market is an opportunity market for companies, and the public administration is now well on its way to forming its own marketing teams for the weak regions.
"The 19th and 20th Quarterly Report Review: Objectively Affected by the Epidemic, the company's 2th quarter reports are under pressure, the company's first half of the year at a steady price, going to stock, coping with environmental changes, and the prospect of a faster recovery after the Epidemic is over."
Silver and Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting operations Poo and Poo Five price fluctuations. Channel stock is overpredicted. The impact of the epidemic is overpredicted.
Industry concentration continues to rise in the context of the impact of the epidemic.
In 2019, the industry was at a deceleration rate, and the share of listed companies continued to rise. As a result of the slowdown in the expansion of channels, the industry was at a slowdown of 15.8% and 17.5%, respectively, and the white wine industry, which was dominated by the above-mentioned companies, continued the upward trend in concentration from 2015 to the present, with the higher and higher rates of interest of 7.6pt, 3pct, 1q20 battalions and net gains in 2019, respectively.
Figure 2. White wine industry versus listed companies ' profits increase at a rate comparable to the rate of profit, which is evident in the impact of the epidemic on alcohol consumption, as the epidemic’s control is normalized and industry and regional leaders enjoy a profit brand premium.
In January-May 2020, according to data from the National Statistical Office, the total of the society ' s zero share fell 13.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a recovery in consumption, but still a major drag, with retail sales cumulatively equal to 36.5 per cent (the same rate as in the case of 45.8 pct), which fell more than in the case of other types of foods and beverages.
Quarterly returns are almost equal, but we think the statements are better than actual sales, and it is expected that the two-quarter channels will continue to absorb stocks, and the overall performance will remain high. As the epidemic has become more common, consumer brand awareness has increased, the concept of “good wine” has become more popular, the social attributes of high-end wine and high-end consumption have been added, and we judge that the concentration of brands in the white wine industry will increase further, and the industry will become oligopoly.
High-end white wine: clear industry patterns, high brand barriers, high-end white branding barriers, and clear industry patterns. According to statistical data, after deducting group data and double counting, I
It is estimated that the white wine industry earns more than $400 billion in caliber, while the high-end white wine market, represented by the huts, the five grain fluids, and the cellars, 1573, is about 110 billion dollars, representing about 25-27% of the white wine industry’s income, especially in the light of brand barriers and scarcity. At one point, the price of the product is set at more than $2,000.
The correspondence between the supply of alcohol usually takes four to five years. In 2015, the production of the puppies was 32,000 tons, a decline of 16.9% compared to the previous year, which led to a shortage of finished products, insufficient supplies, a build-up of the booming end demand, and a price increase in batches. In 2020, we expect that the bottleneck in the puppies will be alleviated, and that, as the channels are right, the puppies may move at a seasonal rate, but the price will be higher.
In the last two years, there has been a clear increase in the volume of food fluids, branding and industry. In 2017, the new leadership changed in product strategy, channel control, and management.
In 2019, the new five-food fluids were successfully replaced with a 31.4 per cent increase in the high price of alcohol, dominated by the five-food fluids. According to our estimates, the five-food fluid sales increased by 20-25 per cent, with a 10 per cent increase in the same price, and the channel was better. Companies were tough on product price control, with prices falling by $900 during the epidemic, and then rebounded, with the latest increase of $940, restoring channel confidence.
The stockholders’ meeting feedback company is confident that it will be halfway through the second quarter, confident that it will be able to meet the expected double-digit growth goal throughout the year. We judge that, as the effects of the five-food fluid reforms become apparent, and the company’s precision of digital marketing is being implemented, the price of future product batches is likely to occupy the country’s customers, 1573, with a third ticket for high-end white wine, entering the 20 billion dollar new race.
In October 2019, the state cellar 1573 plan prices/bottles. According to the company stockholders’ meeting, the current recovery of high-end white wine sales is better than the middle-end wine, and the company’s managing director, Lin Fong, argues that “the three top-end brands of the future will remain unchanged.
Businesses with high-end white wines have room for survival because high-end branding companies have enough cash to pay the higher competitive costs; next step, firms with high-end brands need to seize high-end opportunities and stabilize the middle market.” We believe that this round of white wines, the high-end whites, and the full enjoyment of the premium bonus by the country's customers, 1573, does not preclude future follow-up to the five grain fluids.
In the last two years, the cellars have performed well in terms of 1573, standing up to high-end white wine sequences, adding to the company’s vast experience in running channels, and we have judged that the cellars have been able to fully enjoy the increase in demand for high-end alcohol.
History has changed: in development, before the 1990s, the company became popular as a brand-new wine. The old cellar in Lianzhou was formerly a Qingzhou wine factory, made up of 36 public-private co-ops from the Mingqing wine-making workshops. In 1957, the first pilot unit in Liangzhou was examined by a white wine expert in the country.
A summary of the work followed by the publication of China's first edition of a textbook on white wine brewing – "The Old Cave" – which laid down the position of the old Xiangzhou cellar and its strong nose. Before the '90s, the fragrance was also called the "smelt," and the company, as a representative of the fragrance, had its own taste of wine. In 1994, the company was placed on the market at the end of its relationship, and the company had been on the market ever since.
The company is part of the State Finance Committee of the City of Chenzhou, with the first shareholder being the Penang State Treasury Group. The effective control of the company is 0.08% of the State Finance Committee of the City of Jinzhou, and the direct shareholding rate is 26.02% of the stockholdings of the State Treasury Group of the City of Jinzhou and the Hingzhou Investment Group, respectively.
During the 1990s, the State liberalized the price of brand-new wine schemes, changed its strategy of “no-win” and followed a popular route to withdraw from high-end white wine sequences.In the late 1990s, China experienced rapid economic growth, business activity and a pattern of primary monopolistic competition under the high growth of the white wine industry.
In 2001, the national consumption tax policy was adjusted, and the premium was collected. In the same year, the company changed the packaging of its products in full, and the cost was high.
This led to a 47.5% drop in the company's net profit for the year. The company changed its development strategy, establishing 2001 as the year of the promotion of the national wine cellar, introducing the “national guest 1573” to the market, and rejuvenating the high-end white wine image.
In 2003-2012, the White Liquor industry entered the Golden Decade, and the company’s performance reached a high rate of growth. In 2012, the company launched the Bounty Spring model, a mechanism to bind its interests with distributors.
In 2013-2015, the White Liquor industry was affected by “triple public consumption” and entered the adjustment cycle, when the cellar, 1573, raised prices in 2013 in a “reverse market”, and the strategic failure led to a significant decline in sales performance by the country's guests in the year 1573, with a corresponding decline of 48.7 per cent over 14 years, in order to address the company's prolonged state of diversion, stagnation in product marketing and loss of dealer confidence, which has been fully adjusted since 15 years.
In 2016-2018, the company constructed a marketing organization structure for the "Four Three-line One Centre" that strongly promoted the "Direct Distribution" model, and the price system was fully \trianglerighted, resulting in higher prices for the company's products, especially for the middle- and high-end systems. The effect of the reforms after the company's new management came into office was highlighted.
Through policy adjustments such as branding models, five strategic monoliths, and so on, the company ' s performance has been growing at a high rate of 13.6 billion in 2018. In October 2019, the company announced that 1573 Chinese guests had broken down 10 billion calibres.
Full access to channel expansion dividends and low-cost prices, with prices closely following the five grains ' liquid price hikes in the second half of 19 years, with prices for shipments rising from $740 at the beginning of 19 years to $860 now. In 2020, affected by the epidemic, companies issued letters to eliminate quotas in February and March, gradually restored quotas in April, and met normal quotas in May.
The company’s policy initiatives show that the company’s attitude to counter-price is clear, and that it is more flexible and flexible in terms of strategy implementation. There is no fear of hardship, and there are deep reforms.
On 30 June 2015, the company appointed Liu Xing as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Lin Feng as Managing Director. The new management was very powerful. It was promoted internally, and it was responsible for marketing and was familiar with the company's product structure, channel system, and economics.
According to the micro-drink news report, Liu Xing, the chairman of the company, after taking up his position publicly, first addressed the legacy of history, restructured the structure of the organization and took three years to achieve full corporate cross-bordering and catch-up. From 2015 to 2019, the company received a complex increase of 26.6% in compound growth.
Organizational reform: marketing is integrated, with a clear division of functions. Companies pursue the path of full-scale reform around the strategic direction of the “Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Fly-Four-Four-Fly-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Fly Business System.
The “three-line” is the firm's effort to clean up branded products, re-engineer the brand's influence, and form the core bulk into a high-cover, medium- and low-end system. The “one-centre” refers to the company's implementation of a “receipt” strategy at the end of the sale, the full integration of sales into the sales company, the planning of sales at Headquarters, the harmonization of movement control, unified management, and the addition of sales logistics uniforms such as the Department of Marketing Management, the Department of Evaluation, the Department of Audit and the Department of Membership Management.
The reform of the organizational structure clarifies the location and functional division of marketing companies’ headquarters, brand companies, and marketing divisions, accelerating the restructuring and expansion of the company’s marketing team. The marketing model reform: the leadership team, led by Liu Xing, Lin, re-orientated the channel system and created brand companies in 2015.
(1) In 2009, in order to further expand the incentives, the company set up a company to organize regional distributors to build a consortium of distributors. The specific operating model is that the company outsources the end-sales of medium- and high-end products to the company, and the distributor ' s profit model is mainly based on the share of the product discounts and price increases. As a result of the incentive mechanisms in place, the company has fully mobilized salesmen and distributors.
(ii) In 2013-2015, the white wine industry was affected by the “three-public consumption” and entered the adjustment cycle, when customers raised prices in 2013 in the “reverse market”, resulting in a strategic failure that led to a significant decline in sales performance in the year 1573 and a 48.7 per cent drop in revenue in the same year for 14 years, in order to address the company's long history of outflow, stagnation in product sales, erosion in the confidence of distributors, and the company's own ownership;
From 15 years on, a comprehensive restructuring has been taking place, with the new leadership, led by Liu Xian and Lim, leading the reform. The company’s management believes that the model has not been adapted to the company’s current development, the company’s re-alignment of the channel system, the creation of three brand companies, the compressed channel level, and the direct product strategy reform: maintaining a healthy inventory of channels and upgrading the core monolithic brand.
In 2014, corporate performance fell to the bottom, with revenues falling by 48.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis. In order to address the confusion in the company ' s channel system, revitalize brand image, stabilize the marketer base, companies make important business decisions: (1) with regard to the price system, repurchase operations are implemented and backlogs are addressed. In 2014, companies collected $5.35 billion, or 48.7 per cent less on a year-on-year basis.
The company settles the backlog through repurchase operations, product discounts, etc. In order to ease the tension between the channels. According to the company ' s bulletin, the sale of the repurchase business was returned to substance, resulting in a reduction in the 2014 performance, a reduction in operating income of $808 million during the reporting period and a reduction in net profits of $45,318,400.
In addition, during the middle fall of 2014, the company announced that the retail price of the 52 degrees 1573 classic loading market had been reduced from $1589 to $779 and the group purchase price from $1289 to $680.
By the end of 2015, companies had cleaned up and consolidated a variety of non-fixed products, and by the end of 2018, the company had cut its bar code by more than 90%, after the product was “slipped.”
The five strategic monoliths, the age of the cellar, the specials, the headlines, and the two tunes have become clearer. Once the branding era has opened, the company will be responsible for sales under the exclusive responsibility of the marketing company, which is responsible for the sale of high- and middle-end products.
In terms of company performance, the firm’s strength and the ability of its leadership to implement it is confirmed. In 2015, the country’s 1573 cellars were successfully washed out of the valley, with an increase of 71.6 per cent compared to the previous year, and in October 2019, the cellar’s 1,573 singles declared “Breaking Ten Million” (sale calibre). The reform of channels and the product “Lightweightness” led to an increase in the tonnage of products and a gradual return to a robust growth course for core products.
1573 billion people are on a new journey, and the price increases are on their way.
The company’s core competitiveness and its ability to sustain profits must be corrected by correcting the wrong strategy of the past “Wine to People” and rejuvenating the high-end branding of white wine. Thus, in 2001, the company launched a national guest of 1573 with a high-end white wine price belt of over $700. Looking back at the development path of the country of 1573, the company’s strategic decisions are highly relevant: (1) 13 years of counter-market price increases have led to a drop in the sale of products, and 13 and 14 years of company revenue.
Do not fall by 62%, 68.8%, or the dollar; (2) set up a cellar company in 14 years, whose prices have been adjusted downwards, digesting pipeline stock, recoupling channel profits, scratching wounds. (3) In 15 years to date, the country’s customers have sailed 1573 sails, reversing the difficulties, earning more than half of the revenue, selling single goods, selling more than 10 billion dollars (sales calibre) and reforming them with remarkable results.
The success of the country's customers, 1573, cannot be achieved without fine-tuning the distribution of corporate core resources and rigid product quality. (1) The price strategy is centred on “Quota control, enhanced marketing” and the implementation of the quota system is centred on stockpile control, which enhances the ownership of the terminal by manufacturers.
1573 Circular on the classic two-track system of loading prices, which emphasizes quota control, i.e., the implementation of the plan ' s built-in rates within the distributor ' s quota, if the quota is exhausted. The off-plan quota does not include a preferential policy for the manufacturer, with the purchase price being higher than the plan ' s inflated by $30/bottle. The advantage of the quota system is to make the manufacturer more dominant, with sales policies being staggered to the dealer and to give the dealer a certain increase in the price.
After the last round of stock build-up, product sales are stagnated, and company management attaches great importance to keeping a healthy inventory of the current round of white wine. This epidemic, faced with performance pressures, continues to insist that companies do not push goods and circuits until May, and adjust the pace of their operations in a timely manner to fully reflect the flexibility of the game.
In response to the shock of the epidemic, in order to ease the financial pressure on distributors, the company took the initiative to eliminate the quota for February/March and to reduce the pressure on distributors. In 2020, the company’s business objectives were not quantified, showing that the company had no quantitative targets.
It can respond objectively to changes in the market environment and maintain the health of the channel system. (2) The country’s 1573 low-priced 500-600-bit belt, China’s Northern region’s bright performance, and China’s 1573-degree low-priced zone, have become popular in the North, with strong positions in the 500-600-dollar zone, highlighting the difference between higher-value prices.
Consumer preferences vary from region to region, with the country’s customers at 1573 degrees of low value – about $600 places – showing brightness and high consumer recognition in the North China market. The country’s customers at 1573 – a low price of 570 dollars – are right in the middle of this round of high-end white wine consumption escalation, 300 dollars to 500 places, and the price has not yet appeared in a competitive brand name, thus highlighting the country’s low price ratio of 1573.
In 2019, the country’s low income of 1573 was about 40 per cent, higher in terms of the size of the income than the main competition in the same price zone. (3) The company has concentrated its resources to recover lost ground, market operations have been refined, and the company’s new leadership is from a front-line marketing sector, so it is experienced in the development of channels and market maintenance:
In 2016, the company began a national war, expanding local recruitment, unifying corporate policies, and fine-tuning the costs. The company divided the work of the business personnel into seven large blocks of delivery processes, display management, tourism management, hospitality maintenance, conduct of trade fairs, catering management, doordressing management, etc., and standardised operating processes for each block, with frequency of activities.
According to Liquor News, the company’s first conference was launched on 8 May at Henan Market, with Zhang Biao, Director-General of the State cellar sales company, as chief executive officer. The market layout and regional regulation were also more sophisticated: Henan was further divided into four battle zones: medium, west, north and south, respectively.
Four regional managers from the national cellar sales companies in the south-west, north-west, north-west, north-east and south-central areas have been in charge. The marketing mission has been three years of breakthroughs, brand advertising has increased visibility, outdoor advertising (airports, high iron, highways, city squares) has increased input; and events and topics have been highlighted, and brand names have been disseminated in the context of sports, art, poetry, etc. For the last two years, the company has successfully planned the International Poetry Culture.
Major events, such as the “Save the Monument” and other events; major events affecting the entire world, such as the “One Way” summit forum, meetings of leaders of the BRICS countries, and the summer Davos Forum, have been deeply embedded in the campaign to boost the overall brand power.
Figure 21. Specific measures for channel development
(iv) Addressing capacity bottlenecks, raising the rate of quality alcohol;
In order to ensure the quality of the country's customers and its future sustainable development, the company began implementing a technology improvement project in 2016, with a total investment of $7.4 billion in fixed assets and $100 million in capital flows. Once this project has been completed, the traditional craft capacity will be 100 million more, and the original wine storage capacity will be 380,000 more, effectively addressing the problem of limited high-end white wine production.
Question. According to the general meeting of shareholders of the company, the new wine from the Qingzhou old cellar ' s Yellow and Boiling Eco Garden has been invited to be evaluated by experts, and its quality has been able to meet the standards of the Trout; it can be said that the quality and output of production have reached a new level compared to the first stage of production.
We believe that there is much room for growth in the medium- and long-term development of the country’s customers in the 1573s, with the optimization of the company’s market operating model, the layout of weak regions, the nurturing of end consumers, and the release of new production capacity. (1) The restructuring of the market operating model further binds the terminal.
As a demonstration of the benefits of the control board, the company’s core shareholders are the country’s top dozens of distributors. Over the past two years, the company has continued to expand its share of the control board, to further bind the terminals, to set up specialized companies in cities with sales of more than 20 million, to include distributors and regional terminals in the chain of shareholders of the exclusive company, with the aim of establishing long-term strategic partnerships between high-quality end-users and the company.
The company makes a market layout for differentiated products other than the national cellar 1573 classics, which supplements the profits of distributors and terminals, such as products such as the national passenger 1573 Hong's 568 and the national customer's 1573 Chinese taste.
According to the microscopic news report, on 19 June in Chengzhou, Chuzhou's old cellar liquor sales company held a core customer communication meeting at Chengzhou market, where the company broke through Henan market as the centre of its product strategy, and the company placed the cellar 1573 classics of the cellar as a base product in the Chengzhou market, 1573 Hong Hong, 568, and the guest 1573 Guo Bo's two-profit products on the back of the tower.
After 17 years, the company’s strategy to move eastwards southwards has expanded and achieved better results, according to me.
We're looking at the company's current market share in Jiangsu, Zhejiang, and Shanghai. From the results of the opening up at the end of last year, the Chinese market is the fourth largest in the old cellar. For example, the recent Henan war, which is the largest market in the central region, has a huge capacity, and the Penang cellar plans to reach 1.2 billion from 200 million over three years.
Formerly, the company mobilized most of the country’s regional forces for the Chinese market, and 1.2 billion dollars in revenue planning was a rational and achievable goal. Figure 26. The cellar’s 1573 main extension product.
In 1979, at the third national conference, the Quantico was celebrated as a typical representative of the strong white wine. Looking back at the company’s war of 2017-2019, the Quantico special was the only strong white wine of the five national wine fairs.
In a nutshell, the main thrust of the ancient scaffolding is gradually being restored: (1) in 2017, the company established an old scaffolding rejuvenation group within the company. Liu Xiao, Chairman of the Board, Lin Feng, Deputy Head of the Group, and the core tasks set up by the group will be centred on the “scaffles d'étude”, increasing the competitiveness of the special market, and the rejuvenation of the special brand. (2) In 2018, the old scaffolds continued to be steadfast in the promotion of the “scene 1573” and “scaffles”
In 2019, the company developed a strategic approach to "double brands, two billion" which now stands at 1573 billion, waiting for the power of the waist to work. The specials are price-blowing and monolithic. The company has been working on brand upgrades for the old ads since 2017.
In terms of the distribution of the price bands of the specials system, the upper-end price band of the old Xiangzhou is wide and deep, and the company has a slightly different position for each single item. (1) The special 60 is dominated by its buyers, and the price of the 52-degree special 60 is $498. The company expects the special 60 to be set up as a big piece of $2 billion between 60 and 2021, making it a pole product for the 500-bit segment. The special 60 is called "Small Country".
The cellars, the high quality and the old packaging of the '60s raised the memory of the "old county governor" with high levels of loyalty on the part of the audience. (2) The old word adjective consumption base is huge, and the company wants to build it into a 200-300-bit nuclear package. In recent times, the old word has been upgraded, with the latest batch price of 260 dollars. We believe that the second-high brand has been structured and structured.
It is clear that the 200-300 price line is dominated by real-estate wine, while the old-word feature's national DNA has a certain advantage over real-estate wine in channel layout. (3) The crystal and commemorative specials complement the local market with a $300-400 price belt.
The 60th edition of the supercrystal colour and souvenirs, the 200-300-dollar price band, the old-word special.
In 2019, the public sector earned $3.75 billion, an increase of 2% in the same year, and a decrease of 4.5 pct in the same year. The specials have returned to strategic status since 2017, and the company has reconstructed the special brand, which was placed on the market in the second half of 19 in the tenth generation, with a price of $200-300.
Liquor News, a circular on the adjustment of prices for the 9th-day old cellar special (2014 version) issued by the Old-Screen Treasures, Inc., was studied by the company and it was decided that the 9th-Screen-Screen special (2014 edition) is a commemorative cut-off product. Since 30 June 2019, the final price of products has been increased by $30/500 ml, with other product specifications adjusted proportionately.
The distributors and channels of the Congress made corresponding price adjustments to the stock cut-off products.” After the adjustment, the price of the 10th generation 52-degree-state old stubby special was about 30% and the retail price was $308 per bottle. We believe that the brand image of the entire special was built at the expense of sales, and the company brought it back to the consumer's eyes by reconstructing the brand, building the terminal.
The company believes that, while the Tsing State brand has been through a difficult process of branding since 2015, the Tsing State brand has not yet reached its rightful place. The company has given up short-term sales and firmly extended the brand upwards.
If growth is weak, it will affect the growth rate of the company as a whole. In 2018, the country's 1573 seasons of high-profile growth created more resources, opened up price space, raised brand power. We believe that the special price increases respond to industry trends, and have a long-term positive impact on the development of the special: (1) the company shuts down, goes to stock, especially in the ninth generation, by the third quarter of 1919.
After that, a good foundation was laid for the tenth speciality; (2) the cellar is now on track, and it is expected that in the future the company will tilt more of its capital to the specials system, develop the second-largest single item in the old crypts of Kyushu, and improve its strategic position; (3) based on sales of 4q19, consumers and distributors react better to the specials. The price increases do not have much to do with the overall sales.
When the epidemic is over, the company is expected to invest more in marketing, filling the price belts for wines, carrying the concept of a cellar pool and a role in promoting quality wine.
The base of the cellar brands is weak compared to the state cellars, 1573 and features, and the overall development has been slower due to strategic positioning. In 2011, the company pushed out the wines of the cellars, mainly 30, 60, 90, 200-500-dollar sub-high-end commercials, mainly competitions for the southern spring of the sword, the blues of the ocean's dreams, the blues of the ocean's rivers, etc. The company's layouts are 30 years old because they are close to the price of the specials.
In contrast to the development of the special features, the main areas with weak distribution of the layout features focus on silos of 60 and 90 years of age. According to the channel research, scaffolds are not operating as expected, and are still in a state of adjustment. We believe that the slow development of scaffolds is due to: (1) the fact that scaffolds are sorted after the scaffolding. (2) The scaffolds are priced like swords.
In the future, the company is expected to invest the right amount of resources in the cellar age so that it can make a breakthrough at the lower end of the price. The head and second are in the process of restoring adjustment.
In 2019, the company collected $3.27 billion, an increase of 16.5%, a decrease of 20.7%, and a decrease of 0.8 ptt. In June 19 the company made a price increase for low-end alcohol, which we believe is transparent, and the price increase was certain for sales.
In terms of price strategy, the company insists on a price-control model and overhauls the price system. When the first and the second are on the market, the price bands are set at $30 and $10, respectively, and after constant adjustments by the company, the first is now in the $100 price band, and the second is in the 20-50 price band.
In 2019, the company ' s low-end liquor rate was 48.4%, an increase of 5.9 pct over the same period. Figure 34. Low-end alcohol harvests are falling from year to year. Low-end products are used as graded consumers to increase market coverage at the county level.
Quantified counterpart consumers: (1) headlines focused on 100-200 packs of the most profitable human gas products in the wine county market, eliminating empty counties; (2) two-track positioning of the “sense bottle brand”, based on the marketing strategy of “Target first, single store is king” and promoting the red flag shop; and (3) the old wine shop, as the core front brand of the Panzhou cellar, complements the profits of five single items and provides high Maori and Goldman Sachs to commercial customers
According to our research, in 2019 the company sold to the county market through the low-end system, increasing the coverage of the county-level market. The company believes that the national branding company had previously focused more on the provincial market or the local city, and that if the marketing company manager's business tracks were counted, very few people would go to the local city, town, and town. As the channels sunk, the county-level market was sold in comparison to the local city.
So, in the face of a cyclical adjustment over the next 2-3 years, Cedars will have to go further to the county level to open up markets such as Henan and Huadong, to speed up the national layout, and the southwest region will be based on consolidation and nationalization. The southwest market will be the company’s main market, plate size, and base.
In the future, companies will continue to consolidate the south-west market, continue deep-farming the distribution channels, and make the south-west market a reserve for out-of-country expansion. According to our research, in regional sales rankings, Sichuan is ranked first in sales revenue, which is stable because of the large market base.
In the last two years, China’s northern region has grown faster, and the country’s customers, 1573 degrees lower, have become more popular in the northern market. Although they have a national wine gene, China’s old guests have not been fully deployed because of historical developments.
In 2019, the Northern Alliance performed well, and most of the region managed to reach hundreds of millions. In 2020, under the epidemic, there was pressure on the channel to sell, but we expected to sell in North China.
The south-central region is ranked second in terms of sales volume. The south-central region is ranked third in the country’s guest sales section. The more powerful market in the south-central region is Hunan Province, and according to our research, the completion of the Hunan market mission was better in 2020.
The launching conference for the zone of operation of the Henan market, where the company concentrated its resources on the south of the river, divided Henan into four war zones: the medium, the west, the north, the south, and the direct management of the four regional managers of the cellar sales company in the south-west, the north-west, the north-east, and the south-central. In 2022, the company planned that the number of customers in the country would reach 1.2 billion in Henan.
Oportunidades: East to East, South to South China. In 2017, the Quanzhou cellar proposed a “East to South” strategy, which focuses on developing both the East and South China markets. According to our research, companies are now growing at the fastest rate in the East China region, followed by North and Central China.
According to the rum story, the company formed its own sales team in vulnerable areas to distribute to distributors, and now has more than 100 product image shops in the market, with 150-200 planned for the future. On the South China market, the company began to move forward on the South China market in 2019.
The market, with the impact of foreign and red wine, is moving slowly. The company will increase its investment in the South China market, taking into account the characteristics of the East of Totohua market.
On the one hand, 3q19 features have been updated, and the tenth number of dots has been raised from 198 to 225, and the price of 200 to 300 bits. Based on the firm ' s solid foundation for deep-drawing channels, the company ' s management has concentrated its resources to build a big one in the state cellar after it's 1573 on the right track, taking into account its nationalized genes.
The company’s branding value is high, nationalization is progressing well, the Northern Alliance is performing well, the Southwest is rising steadily, and the market is opening up smoothly.
With the impact of the epidemic, the company’s terminal quota was fully restored in May, and 2q19 is still based on stock-taking and steady prices, and we judge that the company’s performance in the second quarter is under pressure. In the face of the epidemic’s rapid response, based on the end feedback, the current stock levels are good and it is expected that the company’s sales will be back on track in the second half of the year as the feast markets and catering channels resume.
Compared to similar enterprises, there is a relatively low level of value and room for upwards. Keeping the rating up. The impact of the epidemic is higher than expected, and short-term performance risks are lower than expected.
Price fluctuations in Pou and P5 affected the price system of 1573. The stock of low-end alcohol in high schools is over-expected.
Statement of income and expenditure (millions of yuan)