The Industrial Wealth Federation (601138) Electronics reported a significant increase in profits, with a two-wheel drive long-term interest in the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: the company disclosed its mid-2020 performance, with its 2020h1 revenues of $17.665 billion, an increase of 3.6 per cent in the same year; the parent ' s net profit of $5.04 billion, a decrease of 8.0 per cent in the same year. The parent ' s deduction of non-net profit of $5.59 billion, the steady growth in operating income of 2020h1 and a significant recovery in profit of q2.
A 35 per cent decline in the same year, and a steady recovery in market supply and demand in 2020q2 with the gradual controllability and resumption of the domestic epidemic, led to a return of 96.6 billion yuan in corporate q2 quarter, an increase of 6.9 per cent, a net profit of 3.170 billion, a growth of 21.9 per cent, a return of steady growth, a net increase in corporate q2 quarter.
As a result of the rapid growth in the housing economy affected by the domestic epidemic, which accelerated the catalytic application of cloud-side applications towards explosive growth, the demand for domestic data centres and servers, among others, was strong and expected to rise further. Cloud computing generated $79.5 billion, an increase of 4.24% over the reporting period.
The company’s performance will be further enhanced by the cooperation of the head cloud service provider (csp), which continues to grow in terms of the share of related customers, the diversification of client groups, and the subsequent growth of corporate performance.
The year's continuous operational input has established a “commercial model for electronics, zero components, modular PV integration services”, which has developed the world's 3c electronics industry's most complete, efficient supply chain and smart manufacturing capacity for the largest, fast-volume production, providing integrated intelligence manufacturing services to world-class customers.
Domains: In July 2020, the company announced that it was the leading supplier of industrial software solutions for strategic investment in the country and signed up with the same actors, and after the transaction was completed, the company and the co-actors held 22.85% of the shareholdings as the first shareholder. By acquiring high-profile software, it strengthened the design, R & D, transport support, etc. in the area of industrial software.
The ability to address the fragmentation of traditional enterprises and ot by upgrading their industrial Internet operations The leading firms in the services and equipment industry, with a higher market share, a better competitive pattern, and a better track, while companies continue to have high R & D inputs, are expected to grow steadily in the future, driven by a wave of 5g.
Increased client concentration. 1 company is the leading global intellectual manufacturing and industrial backbone. The company's main business is the design, R & D, manufacturing and marketing of various types of electronic equipment products, based on industrial connectivity.
The network provides smart manufacturing and technology service solutions for globally recognized clients: major products include communication networks and mobile devices, high-precision institutions, cloud computing-related equipment, scientific and technological services (with sophisticated tools, industrial robotics and industrial Internet-related services): core R & D investments include 5g,ai, big industrial data, high-efficiency computing (hpc), smart manufacturing and precision tools
At the end of the reporting period, companies were operating in more than 10 countries and regions on four continents, leading the world’s smart manufacturing capabilities. In terms of platform technology, companies built the Ficloud platform, helping industrial users to create solutions with fast, accurate match-to-link intelligence, which was included in the country’s 10 largest cross-sectoral industrial Internet platforms.
Corporate business structure: two main lines of business in terms of revenue structure: communications network equipment and cloud service equipment operations, with 59.8 per cent and 39.9 per cent respectively in 2019; and communications network equipment operations, with 79.0 per cent and a lower rate of cloud service equipment operations, with a contribution of Māori account for almost all.
Corporate performance: Corporate revenue collection and parent returns as a whole have been growing since 2015. Corporate revenue from the epidemic has declined, but q2 net parent gains have recovered, with the parent profit ratio of 2020h1 remaining below: Communications network equipment operations: as the largest share of current corporate revenue, communications network equipment will be held
Recovering the 5g update wave. Assuming that the prices of corporate communications network equipment are stable, the Māori rate is stable and affected by the epidemic. Scenario 2: Cloud service equipment: cloud service equipment is the company's second largest current business, with high-precision institutional items such as servers, storage equipment, and cloud service equipment.
The demand for equipment is expected to sustain a steady growth of 8 per cent over the next three years, and the Māori rate is expected to remain stable. Assumption 3: Precision tools and industrial robotics: precision tools and industrial robotics are growing rapidly, and the current revenue base is being collected, we have selected the same companies that are involved in the electronic systems assembly industry as a reference for valuations.
As comparable companies, we see a 45-fold average of a comparable company, considering that the company is 15-fold larger than the current one. 12-fold, considering that the company is leading the country's telecommunications network, cloud services and equipment industry, with a higher market share,
The competition is well organized, the track is good, and companies continue to invest in high R & D, and, under the five-g wave, future performance is expected to continue. No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly for specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.