The Centre for Research on Resources and Environment q2 has a narrow decline in performance, the industrial and regulatory industry has a narrow decline in performance, and the net cash flow of operations has improved significantly.q2 single-quarter net profit for companies
The q1 drop was narrow, mainly due to the q23 rate ring floating by 3.1 pct, but the cost of h1 R & D remained high at 13.63 per cent, and increased research and development of new products by companies will support further expansion of the product category by refining the platform fabric.
In addition, corporate operating cash flows increased by 247 per cent in the first half of the year compared to the same year, owing in part to the company ' s initiative to reduce the power control of specialized car plants with poor creditworthiness in order to secure the financial security of the barrier.
Automation has become more resilient, and the promotion of Maori service is a bright spot. Under the influence of the China-United States trade war, 5-Continuing pressure to watch the second half of the year's recovery, manufacturing pmi re-entered into the gloom line in June, with the company's general automation at the top half.
The annual harvest of 1,216 million dollars, a 3 per cent increase over the same year, and the general frequency transformer operation of about 720 million dollars, compared to 2.
Growth of 12.8 per cent, with universal servers and programmable controllers of around 410 million and 190 million, a slight decline compared to the same period.
Automation of industries, opportunities for adaptation, and introduction of process-based variable frequency transfer products have increased considerably. 2 Corporate automation operations are actively pursuing corporate “organizational and talent structural changes”, Automation 4.
In the first half of the year, there was increased competition in the industry, and companies strengthened ii construction through the implementation of material reductions.
Ben, Leisure Production, etc., reduces costs, the overall rate of Māori for automated products has remained stable, and the rate of Māori for mobile control products, etc., has risen. 620 million dollars were collected in the first half of the year, an increase of 12.3% over the previous year.
The new energy vehicle business received $226 million in the second half of the year, a decline of 20.7 per cent compared to the previous year, and the new energy vehicle order was slightly better. The new energy and orbital traffic section as a whole was being remediated.
(8621) The first ecu company to be certified by Rhinetuv is still to be expected, with 51% of Béster’s shares starting in July, leaving Béster’s list aside, we believe, for the second half of the year.
Undefined risk of major asset restructuring; macroeconomic over-expected downside risk; new energy vehicle policy risk; $1 billion, an increase of 9.96 per cent and 19.67 per cent, respectively, over the same period in the previous year; significant recovery in corporate gross operating income and profitability of q2 in the first quarter of q2 and significant improvement in operating cash flows.
Interest rates reached 41.02 per cent, 15.93 per cent, q2 Māori ring ratio remained relatively stable, but q2 net interest rate ring High R & D intensity and even higher R & D rates, H1 R & D cost 13.63 per cent, higher than 12.12 per cent in 2018.
The new generation of new products, such as bus power aggregates and bus air conditioning controllers, will support the company’s further expansion of the product category and improve the platform layout. In addition, the net flow of cash to the company’s operations in the first half of the year was $199 million, an increase of 247 per cent over the same period.
Reduction of deliveries to specialized garages with less creditworthiness.2 Automating operations are more resilient, new energy vehicle operations are worth waiting for the second half of the year. 2.1 automating and robotics are more resilient, and growth is expected to rebound in the second half of the year.
Industrial automation and robotics included 2.62 billion yuan in tax orders in the first half of the year, a small decline of 3 per cent, corresponding to 2,259 million dollars, an increase of 5.56 per cent over the same period.
In April, the company ' s general automation business recovered on a q1 basis, but was affected by the US-China trade war, with a marked decline in the macroeconomic climate, especially in manufacturing.
The q2 growth rate fell to -1% a year, which was the first negative quarterly growth in more than three years of general automation, which also affected the company’s general self-motivation business. But we believe that there are still bright spots: one company is active, and in the metallurgical, oil, lift, port, chemical, heating, etc., companies are taking advantage of the opportunities for industrial upgrading.
Continuous process-based change-motivation solutions for clients, with six-monthly reports of a significantly higher rate of growth in the operation than in other general-purpose automation.2 In recent years, automated operations have undergone regional management through product line management, which has been managed by the Ministry of Industry and Industry, and has been refined according to a number of sub-sectors, resulting in the development of the Department of Enterprise and Industry as a whole.
In order to improve company-to-end solutions capabilities and overall operational efficiency, the Department of General Automated Industries optimized the organizational structure and talent structure in the first half of the year. The nuclear technology of platform products and the ease of use of products were upgraded.
Interest rates vary significantly, with Māori rates of 46 per cent and 44.89 per cent respectively for the sports control class (at the core of the servo systems) and the variable frequency group of products (at the core of the plc, hmi, robotics) remaining high and stable compared to the same period of the previous year.
Elevator one-stop shop: 620 million dollars in the first half of the year, 12.3 per cent more than in the same year, 463,000 domestic elevators, 18.1 per cent more than in the same period, as a result of the need for the entire elevator plant to purchase pre-positioned integration equipment, taking into account the company elevator operation collection in the second half of last year
The growth of 31.7 per cent meant that the company’s revenue recognition could be a certain mismatch with the output of the elevator industry. Moreover, in the first half of the year, the company’s proposed merger of Baster’s revenues and net profits amounted to $1.14 billion and $126 million, respectively, compared with increases of 1.14 per cent and 46.2 per cent, respectively, and the net profit growth in Baster was significantly higher than the increase in the harvest, mainly due to gross gains.
The increase in interest rates (from 24.75% to 26% last year) and the control of the cost rate during the period are many reasons. Given that the net profit completion in the first half of the year (as compared to the M & As) has reached 53.22%, it is well over the $1 billion M & A assessment forecast net profits.
There is a greater degree of complementarity between products such as the entry, transfer control products from the sinks and the Beast display, which will accelerate integration in the direction of technology development, supply chain integration, customer and channel sharing, while increasing the overall profit of the elevator block from a synergistic point of view, drawing on the more cost-control capabilities of Best.
2.2 The company ' s new energy vehicle, power and electricity, has slowed down and is expected to turn in the second half of the year with the industry ' s upturn: the new energy vehicle subsidy has continued to decline rapidly this year, but the first half of the year was better than the overall performance, with China ' s new energy vehicle cumulatively completed in the first half of 2019.
Production increased by 48.5 per cent and 49.6 per cent, respectively, respectively, of 614,000 and 617,000.
In the first half of the year, the new energy vehicle business was only 226 million, a decline of 20.7 per cent compared with the previous year, and a slightly better order for the new energy vehicle, which was measured at 2.5 per cent. As a result of the sharp fall in subsidies, the entire plant is running a three-power purchase cost that is affecting the new energy and orbital traffic blocks at an overall Māori rate of 22.08 per cent, which is higher than in the same period last year.
New-energy passenger vehicles: The share of new-energy bus orders is still more than half, of which more than two-thirds are in Woo-tung passenger vehicles. The six-month-old sales of new-energy passenger vehicles have increased by 3 per cent, but each year they have to face a certain annual drop in the price of supplies, and companies have accumulated to cope with the negative impact of falling prices.
New energy vehicles: Logistics vehicles account for about 10-20% of the orders for new energy vehicles, and companies have been active in expanding the use of new energy vehicles such as microscopic, circumcised vehicles, heavy cards, etc. for almost half a year, and have reached a target for priority customers.
For the first time since last year, bulk sales have been made. New energy is being used in vehicles; new energy is being used in vehicles, about 20-30% of the total, and now the bulk is being made available to new power cars, such as Wilma and Peng, as well as to traditional second-line cars, such as wind, leopards, southeast and south-east seahorse, while companies have been able to get a number of cars, such as Gilly and Hiro.
From a developmental point of view, the company has now developed a specialized vehicle development and process technology platform, and product systems, such as “electric controls + power units + deceleration boxes + power sources” are becoming more comprehensive and sophisticated. The company's focus in the first half of the year has remained on a domestic model of vehicles, while striving to achieve international passenger coverage this year.
To date, three international garages have been certified for technical and quality systems, which means that companies have been qualified to bid for the products in question. At the same time, in order to meet international customer clearance needs, the Department has further strengthened its system-building and certification, and the company has been certified by Rhinetuv.
The certificate iso2626:2018 and the process capability certification of the aspicelevel2 are the first companies in the country to obtain the standard functional security certification for their ecu products. Looking forward to the next half of the year, the company’s new energy vehicle electrical order and collection are expected to accelerate.
In the long run, there is a clear trend towards bus motorization. In July, Utun produced 4609 new energy buses, which increased by more than 800 per cent over the previous year, with a certain recovery, and bus companies tend to increase their purchases at q4, and we believe that the share of new energy buses will continue throughout the year.
With the country’s new energy vehicle sales at the bottom of q3, the q4 new energy vehicle market is expected to start a new production season, with a strong stimulus from the government’s adoption of various consumption policies, and the company’s new energy vehicle fleet will be more or less flat throughout the year than it was last year.
In 2017, the company began to break through the market for orbital transport and control systems outside Suzhou, and over the past two years, it has broken through the markets of Guiyang, Qingdao, Tin-free and Ningbo, and has made positive progress in the first half of the year at the latitude track in South Tong and Qingdao.
Line 8, with orders of $188 million and $527,000, respectively. Since the second half of last year, the delivery of orbital transport projects has accelerated, reaching 230 million in the first half of the year, an increase of more than 380 per cent compared to the previous year, with confirmed shipments exceeding 212 million in the previous year.
Figure 10: Status of orbital traffic orders Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market