Refrigerant replacement, Fulfilling Dragons for the Golden Decade Giant Shares (600160.sh) 11.02.2020
● Fluorinated processor leads the new refrigerant cycle, covering for the first time the rating given to the “buy-in” refrigerant replacement accelerates, second generation refrigerants will either start a new landscape up-to-date cycle, third generation refrigerants will continue to increase in concentration, and we see companies as global giants in the fluorinated and refrigerant industries, and we see them as the biggest global players in the fluorinated and refrigerant industries.
● Reappearing of second-generation refrigerant gaps, r22 will enter the wind-up cycle. According to the National Ministry of Eco-Environment, in 2020 r22 production quotas were significantly reduced by 4.22 million tonnes compared to 2019. (The same three-generation refrigerants are future-mainstream refrigerants and are expected to open the golden decade with a turning point.
In 2019, the production and sales of air conditioners fell by the same amount, while, with the construction of houses being completed with a “scissors deficit”, real estate data were gradually warming and, following the logic of “real estate air conditioners/refrigerated refrigerants”, we measured a growth rate of 1.4 per cent in the demand for refrigerants driven by the construction of houses in 2020.
Obviously, three generations of refrigerants as future mainstream refrigerants have been frozen, quota management is about to land at the legislative level, and the price and price differentials for major products are in the bottom zone. The company owns three generations of refrigerants that together amount to 250,000 tons, and as industry leaders will be able to compete for and integrate in future markets further up.
Against the backdrop of a steady rise in refrigeration demand, the withdrawal of second-generation refrigerants, and the distant spread of four generations of refrigerants, we see a future of three generations of refrigerants with the prospect of a golden decade with a high profile, which would benefit the company’s business. The use of new fluorinated materials is growing rapidly, and the company will benefit fully from its national production substitution process.
The use of new fluorinated materials in the 5g, electronics, new energy, medical, etc., is rapidly developing, and we expect to add 10,000 tonnes/year pvdf (phase I), fluorine rubber, etc., and the company ' s fluorinated polymer business will further expand to scale, new varieties, new applications, high end-building, which is expected to become a new growth pole for corporate growth.
For over 20 years, deep-farming fluorinated workers have laid the whole industry chain, leading the industry, leading the industry for over 20 years. Zhejiang Giant Limited (hereinafter referred to as “massive shares”, “massive” or “companies”) was established in June 1998, the same year.
The company is located in the high technology development area of the city of Ko, Kanjing province, the only national chemical park in the country that currently dominates new materials such as fluorine, silicon, cobalt, etc.
Since the 1990’s, companies have been transforming their fluorinated industries, after more than 20 years of rapid growth.
The company has now become an advanced manufacturing base for fluorinated and chlor-alkali industries, forming an entire industrial chain of fluorinated refrigerants, organic fluorides, and fluorine polymers supported by liquid chlorine, chloroform, trichloroethylene, tetrachloroethylene, hydrohydrofluoric acid (ahf) as supporting materials. The company is the industry leader and industry standard-setter for fluorinated and refrigerants.
They are industry leaders in size and technology, with deeper fluorinated industry-protected rivers. Three series of corporate fluorinated, organochlorine, sulphuric acid products have been identified as “Zejiang brand products”; refrigerants, fluorinated polymers, falconic products, etc. have been identified as “China's famous brand products” in the petroleum and chemical industries.
Figure 1: The process of mega-equity development: consolidation of the fluorinated industry and refrigerant pipeline, improvement of the accompanying industrial chain, multi-point opening of nine business panels, and significant advantages in the integration of the industrial chain. The company’s main operations are divided into refrigerants, fluorinated raw materials, basic chemical products and others, fluorinated polymer materials, petrochemical materials, food packaging materials, etc.
The main products are widely used in strategic and emerging industries such as new energy sources, new materials, and defence, military, nuclear industries, chemicals, metallurgicals, construction materials, etc. Through retrofitting of devices, expansion of production capacity, project diving, etc., companies have the dual advantage of creating “material self-sufficiency + capacity size” each.
(a) Of the raw materials currently produced by the company, sulfuric acid, liquid chlorine, methane chloride/acetylene chloride, etc., can be self-sufficient, while vinyl chloride (vcm), fluorine, industrial salt, electrocution, tetra-alkane, coal, benzene, sulfur sands, etc., are mainly purchased by competitive bidding, bargaining, agreement outsourcing, etc.; and (b) based on chlor-alkali raw materials, the company is replenished.
The distribution of methane chlorides/ethylene chlorides and their superior chlor-alkali balancing capabilities to meet current requirements for their own production and remaining surplus; at the same time, the start-up rate of the company ' s chlor-alkali units is at the forefront in the country and is the highest in the province of Zhejiang, burning alkaline capacity;) in the case of the core raw material ahf, the company has an ahf capacity of 130,000 tons, with a self-sufficiency rate of around 40 per cent in recent years,
Mainly for downstream projects; 4) the by-product hydrochloride in the reaction of hydrocarbons and ahf can be internalized and handled with the best industry capacity; 5) the corporate product structure can be further refined by matching petrochemical plate operations such as alamide. With a diversified product matrix and production control capacity, companies have a smooth price transfer mechanism for raw materials.
There is a significant advantage in integrating the industrial chain with the combined cost advantage. Figure 2: Larger shares: layout of the entire industry chain of the fluorinated industry 1.1, capture of opportunities for industrial adjustment and shuffling, further entrenchment of the industry leader
Supply-side structural reforms have pushed the fluorinated industry into a new climate cycle that directly benefits the company’s business. In 2017-2018, the supply-side reforms, the backward production of the fluorinated industry were phased out, the company took full advantage of the opportunities for industrial adjustment and shuffling, the volume of refrigerant products increased, and the production of fluorinated polymers and petrochemical materials continued to grow.
In 2018, corporate profits declined as a result of the impact of the fluorinated raw materials, refrigerants, fluorinated gases, down-swinging, weak downstream demand, and lower prices for most products. Companies split the refrigerants, fluorinated raw materials, basic chemicals, and so on.
In 2019, the ratio of three to 34.4%, 23.5% and the chain of operations continued to improve. The share of total revenue, including refrigerants, fluorinated feedstocks, fluorinated polymers, and fluorinated fine chemicals, increased from 40.8% in 2014 to 1% in 2019.
The structure is still undergoing continuous adjustment, and we look forward to a gradual increase in the future share of corporate fluorinated polymer revenues, and will contribute to a smoothing of corporate fluorinated industrial cycles. The company’s financial structure is healthy, with good cash flows and low asset-liability ratios compared to its peers.
In recent years, the asset-liability ratio has been around 16%, significantly lower than most comparable companies in the fluorinated-refrigerant industry, with the industry average liquidity-to-speed ratio and stronger short-term debt solvency. At the same time, the firm’s net profits and operating cash flow have kept pace with a positive growth trend, and the cash flow has been very good, making it possible for the company not to pay for it.
To provide strong support for product structural upgrading and business expansion. 2019q3, in the Dupont analysis structure, the net interest rate on company sales, asset turnover, equity multipliers of 7.88%, 0.73%, 1.21% respectively, are still at 6.97% and are more profitable against the background of the coolant industry cycle.
Figure 7: Corporate asset-liability ratio: continuing at a low level in industry Figure 8: Corporate current-to-speed ratio: significantly higher than industry average Figure 9: Corporate operating cash flow is in a very good position
Figure 10: Company Dupont's analytical structure: 2019q3roe to 6.97%. Company ownership structure is clear, controlling shareholders are megagroups that actually control the Zhejiang State Finance Committee. Giant groups directly hold 38.7% of the company's shares, and 13.26% of the shares are held as “17 mega-eb” trusts and responsibilities
In addition, the top ten shareholders in the company are institutional shareholders, except Yuan Zhimin, a natural person, and Wu Wei Yung, who hold 2.18% of the company's shares through the wholly-owned Zhejiang Giant Investment Co. Ltd.
Fluorine refrigerants: Accelerating replacement, a new starting point for the long-term lead cycle Refrigerants (also known as refrigerants, snow species, etc.) are vectors in various heat machines that complete energy transformation and can be classified as ammonia, nitrogen, fluorine, water and hydrocarbons, with fluorinated refrigerants with high thermal performance.
The most common group, which accounts for about 53.1 per cent of the global total of refrigerants, is fluorinated refrigerants prepared for raw materials, such as hydrofluoric acids and chlorofluorocarbons, and is an important organic fluorinated industry product consisting mainly of ods and their substitutes, with strong chemical stability, excellent thermal performance and more than 60 per cent downstream applications in refrigerators, household air conditioning, car air conditioning, etc.
In the field, it can also be used as a plastic blowing agent in the polyurethane industry, as an electronic cleaning agent in the semiconductor industry and as an aerosol in the precision industry, etc. The Montreal Protocol led to the upgrading of global fluorine refrigerants.
Hydrocarbons (cfcs) were used as refrigerants, marking the beginning of organic fluorinated industry applications; after 1945, a variety of defence programmes provided a constant impetus for the continued development of fluorinated chemistry and the use of fluorinated compounds, and the global refrigerant industry, dominated by CFcs, developed rapidly; until 1974, as suggested by scholars, Molina et al.
The debate about the damage to the ozone layer caused by chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) and the subsequent discovery of the ozone hole over Antarctica by the British Antarctic Survey in 1985 gave rise to widespread international concern: studies had shown that HFCs were highly chemically stable and could not themselves be decompositioned or degraded in the lower atmosphere and would remain in the atmosphere for decades.
In 1987, there was a major repositioning of the world ' s dynamic HFC industry, with 28 countries co-sponsoring and developing the Montreal Protocol to the International Convention, which provides for the gradual restriction, reduction, and sale of HFC-based substances of all generations.
Zero-odp and low-gwp are trends. The refrigerant industry divides the product series of fluorinated refrigerants into four generations, zero-odp and low based on odp (atmosphere ozone-depletion potential) and gwp (global warming potential).
gwp is a trend. Under international conventions and industry guidelines, pre-generation, less environmentally friendly refrigerants are being replaced by more friendly refrigerants for future generations: first generation HCFC refrigerants (cfcs) are the most damaging to the ozone layer and have been phased out globally as early as 2010; second generation HCFCs (hcfcs) are refrigeration.
Depletion of the ozone layer by agents is relatively low and widespread in the country and is currently in phase-out; third generation hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) have no damage to the ozone layer, while the warming effect on the climate is strong and widespread, both domestically and internationally, has entered the phase-out phase-out phase-out phase-out phase-out; fourth generation hydrofluorooles (HFOS) refrigerants have received extensive attention to their superior performance and environmental performance.
Successful applications, with high production costs, have not yet entered scale applications. Our refrigerant market is currently in a three-generation replacement period for second-generation refrigerant products: the second-generation refrigerant quota has been significantly reduced, the third-generation refrigerant has been ready for deployment, and the previous-generation refrigerant manufacturers are in a position to capture their share of the three-generation refrigerant market.
Refrigerant expansion is in its final stage. Indicator baseline: 1 unit at the odp of r11, gwp of carbon dioxide to 1 unit, 2.1 and 2-generation refrigerants: supply and demand gap is expected to drive an increase in r22 prices, directly beneficial to companies
Globally, second-generation refrigerants for refrigerant use are being phased out. Second-generation refrigerants containing hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs), representing products such as r22, r123, r124 and r141b, are used for a total national production quota of second-generation refrigerants for all types of empty years.
Refrigerant use (refrigerant use) for fixed frequency air conditioning can also be used as an accompaniment for the production of polytetrafluoroethylene resins (ptfe), hexafluoropropylene (hfp), etc. The ozone layer damage and greenhouse gas effects of hcfcs are significant and the production and consumption of hcfcs for refrigerant use are subject to quotas under international conventions and industry guidelines.
1) The Montreal Protocol to control the use of hcfcs was signed by the world's leading countries in 1987, with an annual freeze on the consumption base, followed by a 24-year buffer period, which will completely phase out second-generation use in 2020; the phase-out process in developing countries was slightly slower than in developed countries, where production and consumption were frozen in 2013 and 17 years later
(b) Levels of consumption and production of hcfcs, using the 2013 quota as the base for the 2015 reduction base 2.1.1, supply end: significant reduction in the second-generation refrigerant production quota
Since 2015, with a significant reduction in the second generation of refrigerant production quotas, production quotas have gradually been added to the flagship enterprises. In January of that year, the capacity of R22 is 809,000 tons, of which 180,000 tons of mega-stocks are in the second, 22.2 per cent, before the Ministry of Eco-Environment released HCFC production for 2020.
Quota Distribution Table, where the production quota of R22 for refrigerants of the Shandong-dong Group was the highest of 66,200 tons (29.5% of the total quota) and the quota of the mega-stock (the State Fluorine + Blue Creek megapolar) was the second highest of 58.7 million (26.1%). In 2018, 2019, and 2020, the production quota of R22 was 27.43, 26.70, respectively.
In recent years, in the context of the overall quota reduction, the market share of the mega-stock r22 production quota has followed the market’s overall market share.
The reduction and redistribution of shares has been increased year by year, with the share of production quota municipalities continuously rising from 18.6 per cent in 2013 to 2.1.2, at the end of demand: a demand and supply gap for R22 used as refrigerants in 2020 and new fluorinated new materials projects will still lift demand from R22
There will be a supply and demand gap in 2020 for R22 as a refrigerant. The use of R22 by manufacturers such as R22 downstream air conditioners is also limited by consumption quotas. The Ministry of Ecology recently released the Quota Distribution Table for HCFCs 2020: Elimination of room air conditioners, business air conditioners, crowding out polystyrene foams.
The fee quotas were 35.2 million tonnes, 0.64 million tonnes and 0.140,000 tonnes respectively, accounting for 15.7%, 2.8% and 19.1% of the R22 production quota, while the share of the undistributed consumption quota was 80.9%. r22 was used mainly as a cold medium for fixed-frequency air conditioning.
In order to measure the supply and demand gap of 2020 r22, the following assumptions and calculations have been made:
The average life of air conditioners was around 12 years, assuming entry from the sixth year on average.
Maintenance period; 2) According to the National Statistical Office, the total volume of air sales was 8414.83 million in 2008-2014 (the first 12 to 6 years in 2020); 3) on the assumption that r22 accounted for 15 per cent of refrigerant use in the servicing market, for export, the main developed countries have now completed the phase-out of refrigerant use of r22, the relevant producers
In comparison with the production quota of 22,480,000 tons, there will be a supply and demand gap of about 3.2 million tons, which will represent 12.5 per cent of the demand, taking into account the fact that developed countries will phase out R22 in 2020, and others, we estimate that the overall demand for the market for R22 in 2020 will be around 25,680,000 tons.
Figure 18: We estimate that in 2020 r22 there will be a supply and demand gap of 320,000 tonnes. The new fluorinated materials project will continue to boost the demand of r22, which will drive the expansion of the r22 package. R22 can also be used for the production of various types of fluorinated materials, in addition to direct or indirect use in the consumption of refrigerants through the preparation of r32, r125.
The base material for high molecular compounds, the production of r22 for feedstock uses is not subject to a production quota: r22 (chlorofluoromethane) first prepares key intermediates such as tetrafluoroethylene (tfe) and hexafluoropropene (hfp), then generates new downstream fluorinated material via key intermediates that are polymerized or combined.
About 59% of the total was used for feedstock uses. In recent days, the FCN has reported that it is familiar with three million tonnes/year HFC-propylene devices; several HFC projects by Jiangxi Chemical Co. Ltd. have been approved in a centralized manner to add 60,000 tonnes/year r22 capacity to support downstream tfe, etc.
New R22 projects amounting to 100,000 tons. We have reviewed the price trends of R22 over the last 10 years, finding that R22 has undergone two swing cycles (2010). In 2010, the country introduced a total limit on fluorescent mining and production, with a series of policies and measures in place to deal with this problem.
The development of the fluorine industry is regulated and supported, as well as the implementation of home-based electricity policies such as “home-to-home” and “old-for-new” policies, adding to the prevailing high-temperature weather worldwide and throughout the country, directly stimulating the demand for air-conditioning and refrigerators. The price of the main products in the chain of the fluorine industry, such as fluorescent stones, hydrofluoric acid, refrigerants, aluminum, etc., is both supply and demand.
Since the second half of 2011, there has been a rapid expansion of domestic fluorinated chemical production, while downstream demand has remained low, with problems such as overcapacity, low industrial concentration, and stock backlogs, with the HFC market going through a two-year “circumstance period” in the first half of 2015.
During the year, the price of r22 was sustained by strong shocks due to the limited quota cuts and the traditional two-quarter seasons. Then, against a backdrop of less than expected demand and the impact of low-valued products from underground plants on the market, r22 prices were again driven by supply-side reforms, the phasing out of low-end industrial chain capacity of the fluorinated industry, and the introduction of a fireflies resource tax.
Reform, along with the upgrading and mass upgrading of our national consumption structure with air conditioners and refrigerators, the fluorine industry made clear in early 2017 that the price of the fluorine chain had rebounded from the bottom zone.
The price of fluorescent pallets, hydrofluoric acids, and refrigerant products as a whole, was reduced by the end of 2019, the supply of fluorescent stones was reduced, the balance of the company ' s r22 quota was largely exhausted, the factory bill was smaller, mainly based on the production of pre-priced orders, the market was interrupted, and the price of r22 was stable.
The price price of R22 has generally been revised upwards from $500 to $17,000 per ton. Figure 20: Recapitulation of the price trend of R22 for nearly a decade: second-round weather cycle, four-way upswing tunnels, supply and demand gaps are expected to boost the price of R22 and directly benefit the company ' s business.
Over the years, the average annual high of r22 prices has been in the summer and late winter seasons, and the traditional refrigerant production season has been from December to May of each year. The rate of replacement of our second generation of refrigerants has fallen short of the rate of reduction, and at the end of the year, when the balance of the plant's quota has been largely exhausted, the market has seen a r22 cut-off, which has been added to the North.
The production or shutdown of the winter fluorescent plant and the high price of raw materials directly contributed to a gradual increase in the price of r22 at the end of the year. According to company announcements, the average sales price for R22 in 2019 amounted to $16336 per ton. At this point, r22 has rebounded to $17,000 per ton at the end of the previous period, and the price difference has increased to $17,000 per ton.
Price increases, direct benefits of company-related business. 2.2, 3-generation refrigerants: the future is expected to kick-start the golden decade and the long line is expected to emerge from the expansion of production capacity.
Third-generation refrigerants (hfcs, HFAs), represented by r32, r134a, r125 (manufactured by r22), r410a (mixed by r32 and r125), have excellent refrigeration energy efficiency and have an odp value of almost 0, with third-generation refrigerant (hcfcs) products phased out with second-generation refrigerants (hcfcs) products
Consumption has increased dramatically. Although overall hfcs account for 5% of total greenhouse gas emissions, their gwp value is hundreds of thousands of times greater (675-3500) than carbon dioxide, contributing significantly to the global greenhouse effect. As a result, the production and use of third-generation refrigerants has also been limited: the Montreal Protocol provides for three generations of developed and developing countries.
Refrigerant use, freeze time and reduction process in which developed countries should reduce their production and use of hfcs from 2019 on the basis of the average of 2011 - 2013 hfcs and reduce their use to below 20% of the base after 2036.
Three generations of refrigerants are about to enter the quota management era, with manufacturers pre-positioning their production capacity to the market. Three generations of refrigerants are approaching the base year of the quota (2020-2022), and there is currently no quota-limiting policy for three generations of refrigerants.
The average level of usage will be the main reference indicator for future quotas: from 2024, the total supply of three generations of refrigerants in the country will be reduced without any increase, distributed annually either as a whole or on the basis of the market share of each enterprise for the period 2020-2022. 2019 will be the final entry window for three generations of refrigerants, r32, r134a, r125, etc.
There is a strong desire to capture shares and quotas, and to move ahead with new capacity: three generations of refrigerants expanded significantly throughout 2019. By the end of 2019, domestic production of R32, r134a, r125, respectively, reached three generations of excess supply, prices entered the bottom zone, and the period of expansion of capacity was coming to an end.
During a three-generation expansion of “scramble-in-market, grab-in-quota” products, firms have significantly increased their capacity, while downstream end demand is weak, and the problem of three-generation excess capacity has become more acute. Since 2019, the prices of r125 and r32 products have gradually fallen to the bottom, with gross profits in a position of profit and balance, vendors operating at a cost or loss, and small firms with no cost advantage.
The industry is facing a phase-out crisis; 2) the build-up of new devices has a one-to-two-year life cycle, with limited pre-construction capacity. At the same time, under the pressure of both policy constraints and high investment costs, there is currently no new capacity in the domestic market that has not yet started, and there will be no significant growth in the total production of the next three generations; 3) the current country's refrigerant market is positive.
At this point, the expansion of the production capacity of three generations of refrigerants is coming to an end, the price of all three varieties is at the bottom, and quota management is about to fall to the legislative level.
Long-term profits will continue to rise, and it is hoped that the long-cycle scenario of r22 will be replicated in the future.
R227ea, r236fa, etc.) 30,000 tons of new production capacity is still about to come into operation in the second half of 2020. We see that good companies, as industry leaders, are expected to take the lead in increasing market competition and integration and are expected to benefit from the reversion dividend in the future and will lead to a reversal of the entire industry’s climate cycle.
In the context of the near-term spread of refrigerants and the steady increase in downstream demand, we see that three generations of refrigerants are expected to open the “gold decade” of future highs after the reverse.
2.3. Positive layout of four generations of refrigerants, product development process to be expected New energy-efficient and environmentally friendly refrigerants - fourth generation refrigerants including HFOs and hydrocarbons natural industrial refrigerants (hcs) are non-fluorinated, non-destructive ozone layer, very low greenhouse effects, refrigerables that are commonly used
The lubricant-compatible refrigeration is a new generation of ods alternatives to hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs) and hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs). Of these, r1234yf (odp 0,gwp 4), developed jointly by Honiwell and Dubon, United States, has been recognized as the fourth generation of the most commercially promising refrigerants, mainly used in cars, refrigerators and many large ones.
Fixed and commercial refrigeration equipment. r1234yf ' s physico-chemical properties, thermodynamic properties are similar to those of the third generation r134a, and the United States Environmental Protection Agency has now approved the replacement of r134a refrigerants with low gwp r1234yf refrigerants, which is scheduled to ban new vehicle air conditioning systems in service vehicles and light trucks by 2021
R1234yf is now widely used in the European and American markets, while global technology patents are controlled and monopolized by European and American companies such as Chemours, Honeywell, Akoma, Chemours/Honeywell.
At the pace of domestic construction, only mega-stocks and trio-fu, which hold the fourth generation of refrigerant production in domestic enterprises; among them, mega-stocks are Hornewell and Trio Fu are Komudeo. Currently, mega-stock fourth-generation refrigerants produce up to 3,000 tons/year, Hornewell is responsible for promoting and selling products to customers in the United States and the European market.
The company will have an additional 7,000 tonnes/year capacity expansion plan, with an expansion of four generations of refrigerant capacity of 10,000 tonnes/year.In 2018, 100% of the shares of Zhejiang Giant Technology Centre Ltd. and Zhejiang Giant New Materials Research Institute were held by the conglomerates of the company, working on the fourth generation of HFC refrigerant products r1234yf and r1234ze
At this stage, major refrigerant manufacturers in the country are also starting to follow up on the fourth generation of refrigerant technologies and seek technological breakthroughs.
Most car manufacturers in the country are still in the testing stage for hfos refrigerants, and the large-scale spread of four generations of refrigerants is a long time to wait. Giantization as an industry leader, active deployment of four generations of refrigerants, product research and development processes are expected, and product upgrading and adaptation are high.
3. The data on the completion of real estate are warming, and the overall demand for refrigerants is expected to improve. Refrigerants can be used in air conditioners, refrigerators, industrial refrigeration, commercial transport, etc., mainly in home appliances and car air conditioning scenes. According to WIDE data, our air conditioners account for 78% of total refrigerants and air conditioners.
This is the largest refrigerant application. Refrigerant models are basically the same in the country, with different applications. The refrigeration power of rooms and automobile air-conditioning is high and the demand for refrigerants is high, while refrigerators and freezers are reheated, the refrigeration power is low and the demand for refrigerants is low. Of this, r22 is used mainly for non-modified frequency air-conditioning, and market space owners are in low demand for refrigerants.
The demand for medicine abroad is growing very rapidly if it comes from the new air-conditioning market and the maintenance of the stock air-conditioning market; r32 energy-efficient environmental excellence to replace r22 as a future refrigerant; r134a is used mainly for refrigerators, car air-conditioning and as a pharmaceutical supplement to treat, for example, lung diseases; r410a (mixed by r125 and r32)
In the case of refrigerant markets, industrial development, the spread of refrigerators and air conditioning in emerging economies, and the surge in demand for car refrigeration continue to drive the refrigerant market.
As a result, the region will continue to serve as the world’s largest refrigerant consumption market, and the refrigerant markets in North America and Europe are relatively mature and are expected to grow steadily over the next few years.
At present, 65% of global refrigerant production is in China, 38% of global refrigerant demand comes from China, which accounts for 70% of global air-conditioning production in our rooms for the entire year, has grown fivefold over the past 19 years, and has been a leading player in the global air-conditioning market. In recent years, our air-conditioning production has grown dramatically, with households in many cities.
The choice of refrigeration equipment has changed, and about 40% of households in the country still do not have air conditioning. According to Yia, China ' s household air conditioning holdings are expected to reach 85% by 2030 as income levels continue to grow, with a total of more than 1.1 billion residential cold equipment (including fans and dehumidifiers).
The draft Indian cooling action plan released shows that China currently consumes less than half of its per capita space refrigeration energy, and that there is still room for improvement. In the long run, there is still a significant increase in demand for space refrigeration in the country.
Figure 30: The Asia-Pacific region will continue to be the largest global market for refrigerants
The air-conditioning industry continues to upgrade, and cars will increase steadily. In the air-conditioning industry, our production sales in the air-conditioning industry are closely related to temperature conditions, with a low-season season: the production season usually runs from November to May of each year, and the sales season usually runs from March to July.
The sale and sale prices of national air-conditioning products have grown for three consecutive years, with household air-conditioning market base and holdings at a new high. In 2019, it was heavily regulated by real estate, some urban markets were largely saturated, the air-conditioning retailing was low, the new air-conditioning industry was under pressure on the air-conditioning industry stock, and the sales of domestic air-conditioning in the cold of 2019.
Six hundred and fifty-six thousand units, down 7.59% in the same year; sales, down 9.95% in the same year. The current rate of increase in the air-conditioning market has begun to rebound. The domestic air-conditioning market environment is now moving from the incremental phase to the stock phase.
By the end of 2019, China had 220 million small passenger vehicles, an increase of 19.26 million, or 9.37 per cent, compared with the end of 2018. Of this total, private vehicles (private minibuses) had 207 million, the first to break 200 million; and new energy vehicles had 3.81 million, or 1.46 per cent of the total, nationwide.
By the end of 2018, 1.2 million more vehicles, an increase of 46.05%. With the continued development of car technology, new cars, auto-drives, shared travel, etc., will stimulate more demand, and we believe that domestic car safety figure 33: household air conditioning production usually takes place in the middle of the November-May of the following year.
Figure 35: The country’s air-conditioning industry has moved into the stock age, Figure 36: A rise in stable motor vehicle holdings, policy-level incentives for household electricity, automobile consumption, and booster consumption. In recent years, the country has produced a series of photos.
Incentives for household power and automobile consumption, incentives for upgrading consumption, promotion of energy-saving reductions and economic development, and several incentives for policies such as “home power downtown”, “car downtown”, “house power for old” and “energy-saving products for the benefit of the people” to promote the application of energy-efficient products, including through fiscal subsidies, industry guides, and to encourage consumers to update them in advance
Phase out energy-intensive and unsafe home appliances, and encourage producers to make concessions to consumers on the basis of State subsidies, promoting domestic electricity, car consumption, and upgrading.
On the basis of this, China’s real-estate market maintained steady growth expectations, and the slowdown in real-estate growth in the first half of 2019 discouraged new demand for air conditioners in 2019. Subsequently, the completion of the property began to release marginal improvement signals in July 2019, and the completion of the construction, according to the official heating cycle in August, led to a gradual narrowing of the “scissors gap” in the construction of houses.
In January-December 2019, investments in real estate development nationwide amounted to $132,194 million, representing an increase of 9.9 per cent over the same period.
After three to six quarters of real estate sales lags, the continued warming of real estate will help to boost household electricity demand. We note that the logic of “home power demand driven by real estate completion” is expected to be realized gradually, and it is expected that the more affected industries, such as white power (air conditioning, refrigerators) and cooking power, will benefit directly from the completion cycle of real estate.
Refrigerant demand, which is usually guided by the logic of “real estate, air conditioners, refrigerators, refrigerants.” To measure the recovery of real estate, in 2020, we have calculated that: 1) According to the National Statistical Office, the number of home sales units in 2018 was 13,298,400, with urban households holding air conditioners.
1.42 units/houses: according to the industry online network, 92.8.9 million household air conditioners were sold throughout the year 2018. Assuming that 1.70 units/houses were purchased for each new house, 90 per cent of the new room was renovated, we measured 20.3466 million units sold in 2018, or 21.9 per cent of the total domestic air conditioners sold in 2018, i.e., new houses sold in 2018.
21.9 per cent of the new demand for pull-on air conditioners; 2) According to the National Statistical Office, in 2019 there was a 1.5 per cent increase in the volume of residential sales in the same year; according to the Industrial Online Network, there was a 1.3 per cent decrease in the volume of domestic air conditioners in 2019, and the demand for the fake 2019 air conditioners from new houses was 21.9 per cent in 2018; 3) the construction was completed with real estate.
The annual rate of increase in the demand for air conditioners driven by house completion will be 1.4%; 4) Similarly, we measure the rate of increase in the demand for refrigerators pulled by house completion by 2.0% in 2020. According to WWW, 78% of the demand for refrigerant downstream is for air conditioners and 8% for refrigerators, and we estimate that the increase in demand for refrigerants driven by house completion will be 1.4% in 2020.
Hydrofluoric acid: The capacity of production is severely restricted, the potential for electrical-grade hydrofluoric acid development is enormous, and our capacity for hydrofluoric acid is “small and scattered”, with high access thresholds and related policies strictly controlling production capacity. Hydrofluoric acid is a hydrofluoride (chemical:hf) water solution, which contains 38% (mass fractions) hf in the water's constant boiler.
Affluoric acids (ahf) are liquid hydrofluoride, which is highly acidic, a key intermediate product in the chain of the fluorinated industry, the most common and essential feedstock for most fluorinated substances, which can be used to prepare downstream hydrofluorocarbons, fluorine salts, fluorinated fine chemicals, fluorinated polymers, etc.
In terms of industry patterns, hydrofluoric acid (HFA) is mainly accompanied up and down by a large part of the fluorine-rich area, with “small and scattered” capacity, with high levels of pollution, dispersion of production and low utilization, and rows.
In recent years, various ministries and departments of the country have introduced a series of regulations and guidelines to regulate the development of the industry. The production, storage, transport, etc. of hydrofluoric acids are subject to strict State control and restrictions, as are the conditions for the installation of hydrofluoric acid devices and the delivery of production capacity.
With a self-sufficiency rate of 40% and a better ability to resist price fluctuations for feedstocks, normal and efficient production can continue in the context of environmental and policy tightening and supply of materials contraction. Industrial-grade hydrofluoric acids are strictly regulated and restricted, while electronic-grade hydrofluoric acids are inverted.
Hydrofluoric acids are divided into industrial-grade hydrofluoric acids and electronic-grade hydrofluoric acids. Industrial-grade hydrofluoric acids are used mainly for integrated circuits (ic) where they are contaminated with fluoroslags, harmful to the environment, high industry access thresholds and stringent production requirements. Some of the backward industrial-grade hydrofluoric acid production has been phased out in recent years.
Unlike the traditional industrial-grade hydrofluoric acid industry, which has been developed in recent years with national policies permitting and encouraging the development of the electronic-grade hydrofluoric acid (HFC) sector, it has been regressive and constantly adding up to its capacity. Industrial-grade hydrofluoric acid has been distilled, superpurified and absorbed into the water.
Purification, which can produce high-purity, super-purity sub-hydrofluoric acid after sub-boiling distillation, depressure distillation, superfiltration below 0.2 μm. Currently, 65% of technical-grade hydrofluoric acid is used for downstream hydrofluorocarbons, 47% of electronic-grade hydrofluoric acid is used for domestic hydrofluoride industry development to shift more gravity to high-purity hydrofluoric acid.
Production technologies and supplies are mainly in the hands of solar companies such as Stella, Dajin, and Morida, which, due to high industrial barriers and difficult technology to break through, have started late in the country’s electronic-grade hydrofluoride industry. In recent years, the development of the domestic hydrofluoride industry has also shifted its focus towards high-purity hydrofluoride.
With the “supply side” low-end production capacity phased out, the country’s hydrofluoric acid capacity was reduced to about 1.9 million tons in 2017. According to the Kiwakawa moor, the country currently produces about 239,200 tons of hydrofluoric acid; and, according to the Chemical New Materials Network, in 2019, the country produced about 260,000 tons of electronic-grade hydrofluoric acid, accounting for about 10.9 per cent of the total hydrofluoric acid production.
See, the country as a whole is in net export, with exports accounting for about 20-25 per cent of domestic production, while there are still significant structural differences in imports and exports: our imports are mainly of high-end semiconductor level, export products, figure 41: Industrial-grade hydrofluoric acids are made of acid-grade powder and sulphuric acid.
There is still much room for alternatives to imported integrated circuits in the country, and the “Japanese and Korean sanctions” event has provided an unprecedented window opportunity for domestic electronic-grade hydrofluoric acid manufacturers to enter the Korean market. As a vast consumer market for electronics, communications, cars, industrial automation, etc., the demand for integrated circuits is very high, with integrated circuits as a whole.
With the gradual shift of the world semiconductor manufacturing to the mainland China, China’s semiconductor industry will grow rapidly, with downstream demand focusing on integrated circuits, solar photovoltaics, liquid crystal displays, etc., driving the rapid growth of the electronic-grade hydrofluoric acid industry.
For the Korean market, according to the findings of the Korea Trade Association, Korea’s high-purity electron-grade hydrofluoric acid (HFA) dependence on Japan is 93.7%.
From July 4th, 2019, South Korea’s supply of “fluoride” (i.e. pi), “light embolism” and “high-purity hydrofluoride” (i.e. electronic-grade hydrofluoric acid) were removed from the “preference white list” and the export of the above materials was restricted to South Korea, where Japanese companies accounted for more than 70% of the total capacity of the world’s highest-purity electronic-grade hydrofluoride.
China’s imports from South Korea have been affected, domestic self-use has increased, and China’s electronic-grade hydrofluoric acid industry has opened up opportunities. Following Japan’s restrictions on exports to Korea, Korea has restructured its suppliers of high-purity electronic-grade hydrofluoric acid.
Structures, domestic HFA product indicators at the level of upss, such as multifluoride (g5 or upss level, 12 inches of demand for crystal round use), bridalized shares (g4 or ups level) have been successfully entered into Korea.
The company’s sorghum chemistry currently has a capacity of 30,000 tonnes/year of electronic-grade hydrofluoric acid at or above the level of g4 or ups, with a proposed new capacity of 2,500 tonnes/year in the near future. The industry is now in a state of high swings, and we think that the company’s business is expected to benefit fully.
Figure 47: Our market for integrated circuits continues to grow at a high rate, and we export Korean electronic-grade hydrofluoric acids: 5 fluorinated polymers after the sanctions in Japan and Korea: national production as an alternative to opening up the space for growth
In the fluorinated industrial chain, the value added and profitability of the product increase by geometrical steps as the process depth of the product increases. Fluorinated polymers are higher-value-added fluorinated, high-molecular polymers in the molecules containing fluorinated atoms.
They are widely used in industrial and marine operations such as chemicals, oil, textiles, food, paper, medicine, electronics, and machinery. The fluoropolymers industry barriers are high, domestic fluoropolymer production starts relatively late, and there is still a gap between technology and production patterns.
Pvdf, fep, fluorine fkm, etc. The ptfe series (66% of the fluorine resins) dominates the fluoropolymers. The country’s foreign fluoropolymers are mainly Dupang, Akoma, Dakin, Wu Yu, etc. The country’s oldest producers include the East Foon Group, Giant shares, Midmorning Light, Samae Fu, etc.
Figure 50: Global fluoropolymer diversity (2017) Figure 51: Our domestically produced fluorine resins are dominated by ptfe 5.1, ptfe: replacement market for high-end materials imports is expected
Ptfe (polytetrafluoroethylene) with unique properties such as corrosion resistant, acid resistant, low friction, low wear, small-media constant, pure inert, sticky, highly bioadaptation, known as “plastic kings”, one of its earliest and most extensive applications is coating as a non-coated pot, which is now widely available for petrochemical, mechanical, electroelectric applications.
In the form of instruments, textile clothing, construction, etc., which are used as reaction kiosks, axes, sticky coatings, 5g high-frequency high-speed coatings, super-fibres, coatings, etc., ptfe can be divided into suspended particles, dispersed resins, dissipated milk fluids, etc. The three forms of ptfe account for 50-60% of the consumption, according to the study at the Kichuan Mobil market, respectively.
20-35%, 10-20%. High technical barriers to the preparation of ptfe, and high instrument accuracy. The difficulty is that 1) is limited to raw materials and costs: single tfe (tetrafluoroethylene) chemically active, not easy to store, easily self-assembly in the presence of trace oxygen.
Effects and toxicity, so old manufacturers often use the pyrolysis of r22 (CFC-22) to extract tfe, old manufacturers are competitive and new entrants that do not have cost or chain advantages are less competitive; 2) Reaction by-products are difficult to process: produce by-products such as hcl during the response process, environmental policy constraints and waste water treatment are difficult
High height; 3) Process-forming steps are difficult: higher crystallization makes it difficult for ptfe, e.g., to make it by crowding out, ptfe devices are usually made from polytetrafluoroethylene powder burning at high voltage temperature; 4) high equipment and device requirements: medium- and high-end ptfe is demanding for precision of equipment, and installation investment costs are correspondingly higher
In recent years, we have been growing rapidly in the area of low- and medium-end products, continuing to act as a net exporter of ptfe, while there are still structural differences between imports and exports. In recent years, our ptfe materials industry has grown to maturity, especially in the area of low- and medium-end products.
In view of the relatively high market concentration, production capacity is concentrated in mega-stocks (50,000 tons, 32.1 per cent of the city), East Yee Group (450,000 tons, 28.8 per cent of the city), and in the hands of several enterprises, such as Midmorning Morning Light and Sama Fu, with a total of 4 to 80.1 per cent, according to the Open Industry Research Network, the country currently accounts for about 40 per cent of global production capacity.
We continue to be a net exporter of ptfe, and in 2019 we exported 196,600 tons of ptfe and imported 584 tons, according to very creative information. We still have structural differences in our exports and imports: exports are dominated by medium- and low-end notation plastics and imports are dominated by high-end/modified products, such as tubes and alien matter. Looking ahead, we are looking forward to the future.
High-end fluoropolymers have vast import substitution space, while new areas such as 5g, communications, medical, electrical, electronic, etc. will continue to generate demand for ptfe, and the beauty and cosmetics sector will be expected to offer potential growth opportunities for the ptfe market.
As the fastest growing consumer at ptfe, the consumption capr will reach 6.6 per cent, figure 52: petrochemicals, machinery, electronics are the main consumer area at ptfe. Figure 53: Old manufacturers usually prepare ptfe by r22
Figure 54: We continue to be net exporters of ptfe. Figure 55: higher concentration of ptfe plants, cr4 = 80.1% 5.2, pvdf: strategic steps towards the development of specialized products for the fluorine industry
The raw materials of pvdf (persulfonyl fluoride) are f141b, f142b and vdf, among others, another fluoropolymers that are widely used and produced after ptfe, and which have the characteristics of fluorine resins and general resins, in addition to good chemical corrosion resistance, high temperature, oxidability, resistance, radioactivity.
Special performances such as electrical, intermediate, thermal, etc... pvdf has an excellent structural performance, 1) can easily be built into stable mechanical components; 2) coatings can be used to improve the preservation, grinding, pollution resistance, durability, etc. of building materials, etc.; 3) films made from it have better permeability and anti-violet properties; 4)
The directional membrane is also voltageable and can be used in areas such as audio-sounding devices and acoustic drivers. Pvdf paints are often used to build adornment of aluminium panels and aluminium materials, with lower industry entry thresholds, while the pvdf membrane industry is technology-intensive, capital-intensive and industry entry thresholds are higher.
In the global market, pvdf is used mainly in the three main areas of super-durable building paints, photovoltaics, photovoltaic power covers, lithium pool glues, and diaphragms. For the last two years, global pvdf has been required in the fields of petrochemicals and building paints.
The pvdf industry has been growing rapidly since 2014 and, as of the end of 2017, the country’s market for the pvdf membrane has long been dominated by foreign companies, which are now producing the membrane.
The industry is still small, and only some species meet the requirements of lithium cell glue, so the pvdf product in the country is mainly used in the paint industry. In recent years, the demand for the pvdf film has grown rapidly with the acceleration of the photovoltage sealing process. In addition, pvdf has developed in the areas of lithium cell glue and diaphragms, environmentally friendly water treatment, etc.
It is one of only two non-nationalized materials in China’s photovoltaic industry, which was once completely monopolized by multinational corporations. According to the company’s network, after years of research and development, the company’s fluorinated alloys are now being produced.
The membrane products are fully autonomous intellectual property rights and have been engineered, industrialized, and the production of the gro-m02 fluorinated membrane can replace the pvf film in Dubang and the pvdf film in Akma, United States. Some of the products are used in large western power stations, distributed power stations, and in the Japanese and South-East Asian markets.
The company, Germany, etc., has strategic cooperation plans. At present, the company has a pvdf capacity of 0.25 million tonnes/year and has produced and sold in bulk a series of products such as pvdf resin particles, pvdf ball valves, pvdf tubes, pvdf fluorinated endembrane, pvdf fluorine film, pvdf backboard film, and 10,000 tonnes/year.
fluorinated polymers will be further scalded, new varieties, fluorinated polymers, etc. with the implementation of the fluoropolymers technology upgrading project, 235,000 tonnes/year fluorinated new materials (phase II), 10,000 tonnes/year pvdf (phase I), fluorine rubber, etc.
New applications, high-end expansion, and company competitiveness will be further enhanced, and we appreciate that the company will continue to consolidate its leading position in the domestic fluoropolymers industry and hopefully become an international supplier of fluoropolymer materials. Accompanied chlor-alkali operations, from meeting its own and market needs to leading the consumption revolution.
The chlor-alkali industry is an important foundation for operations, with the company having a parallel chain of chlor-alkyl-alkyl-alkyl chloride and an accompanying complete fluorinated industrial chain of “ahf-refrigerant-fluoropolymer” successfully connected with the chlorofluorocarbon industry. In recent years, the company has phased out backward chlor-alkali production units, optimizing 460,000 tons of membrane combustion.
Alkaline devices and methane chlorination devices, the production of which are sold downstream to light, chemical, textile, etc., are highly competitive in Zhejiang province. At the same time, the company has gradually moved downstream to develop and develop special chlor-alkali products such as pec, tce, vdc, pvdc. In addition, it has excellent industrial waste acid treatment and chlor-alkali balancing capabilities.
Strengthful: company chlorine, hydrogen for in- company use; methane chlorination, tce, pce products for company fluorinated refrigerant raw materials; vdc products for pvdc, f141b, pvdf with raw materials, with a small surplus for export; production by-products such as hydrochloric acid can be consumed or balanced by the company, contributing to efficiency gains.