Recapitulation and vision: three key elements of the success of the Chinese sword in the new decade and three basic capabilities: one, a decade of brilliant achievement, the roots of which are “two, one, two, two, one”.
In the 10 years of listing, El ophthalmology has grown from an initial market value of $6,929 million to the current market value of hundreds of billions of dollars; revenue collection has doubled per capita, with a 60 per cent increase in the number of visits and a 40 per cent increase in the number of visits; listing systems and M & A funds have a worldwide network of over 500, buying four international ophthalmology groups, and buying four international ophthalmological groups.
It's the only thing that's ever happened in Asia, Europe, and America, and it's the only thing that's ever done -- El-Eye, we think, El-Eye-Eye-Eye-Eye, and the company's "good team," and it's the only thing that's ever insisted on.
The science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and technology- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and technology- and science- and technology- and science- and science- and science- and technology- and science- and science- and technology- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and technology- and science- and technology- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and science- and
2. Watchposts: Medical services chain industry dragons, world-class eye-health rings, head El ophthalmology and general medical practice, 2017.
(i) Inner Capability-Driven Fragmentation - The Chinese Sword was sharpened in the first decade, and deep analysis - 20180525 - Inner Growth was the cornerstone of El ophthalmology's rapid growth.
3. Standardized loss on the Medical Services Chain, which contributed an average of 106 per cent of net profits, while the average income and net profit of single-point hospitals increased, respectively, to build the building of the cornerstones of the Kingdom of El ophthalmology.
2.47 and 2.10 times as long as the beginning of the market. Dismantling our previous decade into three stages of internalization, incremental internalization and global outreach:
1) Old camp hospitals contributed 50-75 per cent of total revenues and more than 100 per cent of net profits up to 2013, how Kim helped listed companies and investment agencies to be the main drivers of endogenous growth; 2) during the period 2014-2017, the rise of non-old camp hospitals became the main contributor.
The net profit from the Hong Kong-Europe Hospital after 2018 was over 10 per cent, contributing 10 per cent to the growth of the harvest.
To be a new three-boarder of Chinese research, both inside and outside, and across the globe -- a new decade to shape the world, globalization is the inevitable thing to do when El ophthalmology takes the lead.
The three-storey international chain strategy of locking, peer network, and global sharing. From the battle of the Chinese sword towards shaping the world's grass, we will continue to focus on the evolution of the three basic capacities of El: 1) the upgrading of the basic units: the key to doubling the performance of single-point hospitals is that El invests in strengthening health care.
The four main elements of the core services are additional doctors (1/8 ophthalmologists from all over the country, the number of single-point hospital doctors has risen to 42), additional equipment (5.01 per cent composite growth in the input of single-point medical equipment), additional technology (over 600 new technologies cumulatively) and expansion of operations (continuous excavation of surgery, channels, services for new dynamics).
2. Upgraded chain reproduction capacity: in a three-storey chained pattern, the district-level layout of the chain system accelerates progress, the co-city-level diagnostic system is steadily being rolled out, the global M & A of four clinical facilities is being set up, and the world-class eye health of the country ' s 30 provinces and cities spans three continents, covering more than three billion people serving the world.
Eco-circles. Driven by two-wheel drive industrial M & A funds, there are already at least 249 points, and the listing system has revealed that the cycle of growth in hospitals has been reduced from four years to one or two years, and even directly profitable, with the “three-step” model helping Al to become the operating pole of M & A funds.
3) Management output upgrades: Management is the guarantee of full profitability of the network, and stimulates the potential by constantly meeting the needs of employees, professionals, careers, and wealth, and ensuring the rapid growth of four management dimensions: organization, finance, services, and brand.
Long-term space and challenges, based on hundreds of billions of dollars of market value, looking to the future, El ophthalmology risks and opportunities coexist. In accordance with corporate expansion expectations and industry development patterns, we use two models of door shop growth and business break-ups to capture El ophthalmology in the medium and long term.
The prediction, based on assumptions, is that in 2030 the El ophthalmological harvest is expected to reach $40 billion. This section's analysis, we're looking at space and bottlenecks in the future development of the ophthalmology industry and el ophthalmology. Although future trend analysis is influenced by factors such as the speed of the store's expansion, penetration and policy, we can probably do the same.
Backtracking the available data to prejudge direction and trends. We will focus in particular on tracking, continuous improvement and, at the same time, on the need for El ophthalmology to remain at the forefront of the process, continuously upgrade its management capacity and proactively anticipate and address potential risks such as lower valuations, global business management, etc.
The topic of business models and competitiveness; The topic of business models and competitiveness; The topic of business models and competitiveness; The topic of business models and competitiveness;
The topic of business models and competitiveness briefly outlines the key success elements of Ele's success, and we think it's "two for one." The word "two" is good track and good team, and the word "one for good" is only the only. A good track means a good market, a business that is growing and growing in the long run.
Entrepreneurs offer infinite possibilities. A seed falls in the desert, grows in flowerpots, and grows in fertile soil, and even with the exact same ingenuity, the results can be very different. But is it lucky to choose a track? We believe that chance must exist, but it is not decisive.
Again, it's more important to keep changing until the right direction is set. No matter how much we admire the creativity of entrepreneurs, we cannot magnify it beyond industry and markets. Looking back, it's the golden age of the eye market, the golden decade of El ophthalmology, and looking at the next decade, we expect that ophthalmology and el will still have good times.
A good team is the creator of business values. No matter how much we respect the opportunities offered by the market, we must not underestimate the creative power of entrepreneurs. Markets are only a possibility, but they make them happen, create real values, need a team of entrepreneurs who are blue and committed. Good teams solve the problem of doing the right thing, choose the right market, which is the right rudder to find the right path, and set the right strategic goals.
The values of a good team are right, and this is a spiritual guarantee for the sustainable development of the enterprise. Today, the core team of El is working as hard as it was when it started, and it's the first of its kind, and the more powerful it is, the greater it is, the more powerful it is, the more powerful it is, the more powerful it is. There are enough players on any track, most of it crowded, and many of them were "lucky" on the good track.
But there is no track to keep the participants alive, and it is the team that works. A good team has the balance of business and society, and an internal and external balance, not just a core team, but an entire team that's “savvy” and a remarkable example of team ability.
"Can you live your life, or not kill your life? Can you live your life without evil?" What do you mean, "Live your life?" It's "Suffering your life." It's hard for normal people, that's why, correctly, enjoying a complex cake is amazing. If the whole team is targeting a wall for 30 years, it's going through the whole battle with pressure.
In our previous study of el ophthalmology, we focused more on three basic capabilities and standardized construction, which we thought was the foundation of the previous decade, when El ophthalmology grinded the Chinese sword. What is the essence of these three basic capabilities?
Because the "two for one" solves the strategic problem of doing the right thing, doing the right thing better is the key to the success or failure of the chain. At certain stages of the thunderstorm, some entrepreneurs are wiped out while others are "free and straight," which we believe is neither secret nor fortunate. The cornerstone of El ophthalmology is a healthy cell, that is, the foundational capacity of the web site.
The core network's backbone, all of its development, is based on it. In ongoing research, as El moves from grinding the Chinese sword to casting the world, our attention will focus on the non-variability of the “one-for-one” and the evolution of the three main capabilities.
Net profits grew by more than 10 times, with the city ' s share rising by two times and 1.1 years of compound growth far exceeding the industry: 16 per cent of cagr maintained the 100 billion eye market and 33.22 per cent of cagr built the King of Earl.
A good track is a prerequisite for Earl’s success, with a growing market for ophthalmology providing enough nutrients for her growth. Nearly 10 years after her ophthalmological market was marketed in 2009, the size of the ophthalmology market has broken from less than 30 billion a decade ago to 100 billion today, growing at a high rate of 16.07% a year.
Three times as much as the single multi-billion-dollar-dollar-marketed ophthalmology multinational group. 1.1.1 The city of El ophthalmology rose to 6.82%: the global layout of the web site, with a 2.7-fold increase in its share of business, El ophthalmology is the most competitive in the ophthalmology market, and the annual compound growth rate between 2009 and 2018 is the average growth in the industry.
The amount of ophthalmology services has expanded as the demand for eye health and income has increased, and is estimated to be 100 billion in 2018. The market for ophthalmology is largely composed of the general hospital ' s ophthalmology and ophthalmology specialist hospitals, which account for about 75% of the market. The ophthalmology hospital is composed of public ophthalmology hospitals, ophthalmology chain hospitals and local private or foreign ophthalmologists.
The number of hospitals and so on, although relatively small, is increasing at an alarming rate, with a compound rate of 22.83 per cent per year far exceeding 14.59 per cent of the ophthalmology of the polyclinic. El, as an ophthalmology chain hospital, was able to quickly take over the market with its branding advantages and powerful chain expansion capabilities. In the mainland region, the share of cities (not including overseas and M&A fund hospital assets) rose from 2.27 per cent to 6.82 per cent.
2. El ophthalmology only counts the mainland portion of the listed subjects and is not included in the overseas and M&A funds hospitals.The business model and competitiveness topics. Private ophthalmology hospitals are growing rapidly, with annual increases in the share of El ophthalmology camps, accounting for 30.08% in 2018.
The market for ophthalmology is largely composed of public ophthalmology hospitals and private (private) ophthalmological hospitals. In the broader context of the country’s reform to deepen medical care, health care, and medical co-ordination, private ophthalmology hospitals have continued to grow at a rate of about 20%, far faster than public ophthalmology hospitals.
The city of El is growing steadily, depending on the size of the network and the absolute advantages of its share of business. On a web site scale, El has built vast moats of health care in and around the country. El's main competitors are the public integrated and specialized hospitals, which are leading the local level of health care, but which are limited to service half-distances and access capacity, and whose size and level of operation are difficult to quantify.
Hospitals, as well as extended M & As, have been strategically deployed nationally and globally, with 17 companies and industry funds growing from pre-market to now operating more than 400 hospitals and more than 90 Hong Kong and overseas clinics (as of the end of August 2019), on a remote scale, business models and competitiveness topics.
In terms of the share of business, El's total ophthalmology has risen by 2.7 times over 10 years, far ahead of the industry. In terms of industry as a whole, the proportion of ophthalmology clinics increased from 1.45 per cent in 2009 to 5.34 per cent in H1 in 2019 and 20.28 per cent in eye specialist hospitals; and the rate of increase in business was also far higher, from 7974 million in 2009 to 5,736,000 in 2018.
Cagr 24.5 per cent of the industry grew at a rate well above 8.1 per cent; in 2018, El was the highest number of outpatients and annual surgeries compared to competitors. 1.1.2 Business models and competitiveness topics performed well, with net profits on the market exceeding 10 times 10 years and compound increases exceeding 30 per cent.
El ophthalmological operations continued to be spread, with strong performance growth and higher profitability. From the time they were listed in 2009 until the end of 2018, El ophthalmology collected and net profits rose from $606 million and $92 million, respectively, to $80.09 billion and $1,009 million, respectively, to 13.2 and 10.9 times higher than at the beginning of the market, with capgr reaching 33.22 per cent and 30.49 per cent respectively.
The market environment, where demand for medical care continues to grow and consumption rises, constitutes an external catalyst for rising prices. There is a growing sense of health in the eyes of the country.
With the help of the National Plan for Eye Health, the number of ophthalmology clinics has continued to rise, from 5.49 million in 2009 to more than 1 trillion in 2018, and the number of ophthalmology clinics has increased sixfold over a decade, with a significant increase in the number of visits per hospital; and the cost of visits to ophthalmology has been gradually rising in the light of the trend towards higher health-care consumption and upgrading of treatment fees and operating expenses.
The external push for ophthalmological services and the wider environment has led to a boom in volume prices. (1) Business models and competitiveness topics: (1) El ophthalmological aggregates have grown by more than six times, passenger prices have doubled, and volume prices have together contributed to the growth of El Camp.
With increased brand influence and capacity, the number of clinics and surgeries in El ophthalmology rose from 24.51 per cent in 2009 to 2018 and 22.62 per cent in 2018. In 2009, the number of clinics and surgeries in El ophthalmology increased to 7,974,000 and 90.1 million, respectively. In 2018, the number of consultations and surgeries in El ophthalmology increased to 57.357,000 and 56.45 million respectively, up to 7.2 times as high as at the beginning of the market.
The upgrading of health services has led to rising consumption, in line with the rising unit prices of high-volume customers. Increased national health awareness and increased capacity to pay have enabled ophthalmological patients to choose better health services and even to try high-end projects designed to meet individualized needs.
In recent years, the cost of visits per patient has increased. From 2009 to 2019, the cost of visits per person h1 doubled from $682.84 to $1371.00, an average of 7.61 per cent per year.
In order to explore the main drivers of El ophthalmological performance, we have dismantled the income structure of El ophthalmology on an annual basis, in line with the increase in the cost of visits and the increase in the number of visits. (Note: Since the acceptance rate is equal to the number of visits per person per unit, the increase in the number of visits = (1+ increase in the rate of visits) x (1+ increase in the cost of visits)-1 is based on which we calculate the contribution of visits/operations to the growth in the number of visits).
Volume growth is the main driver of the rapid increase in El ophthalmology. The increase in the number of consultations contributed to the overall increase in 2014-2015, while the average share to date in 2016 is around 60%. The high synergy between the company ' s growth rate and the speed of business growth shown in figure 27 is also evident. Moreover, the contribution of consumption uplifts to the cost of consultations is a typical feature of nearly three years.
The combined increase in the volume of operations and the cost of visits has led to a rapid increase in El Camp, mainly in terms of the contribution made by the number of visits, which in recent years has been driven by an increase in the cost of visits. (2) The average number of outpatient visits and surgeries in single-point hospitals has increased by 55 and 35 per cent, respectively, over a 10-year period, and the performance of single-point hospitals has increased by 55 and 35 per cent, respectively.
The increase in corporate overall operations is due, on the one hand, to increased coverage as a result of the rapid expansion of the network, and, on the other hand, to a steady increase in passenger flow due to the higher penetration of single-point hospitals. In the course of the decade, the capacity of single-point hospitals has increased significantly, with the number of outpatients and surgeries in single-point hospitals rising from 398,000 in 2009, 0.45 million to 6.17 million in 2018, 0.61 million, and 10 years of cagr to 4.97 per cent and 3.37 per cent, respectively.
The improvement in the number of visits is a logical consequence of the improvement in the quality of medical services in hospitals. The average single-point income and net profit per hospital has steadily increased, driven by an increase in the volume of single-point operations and a doubling of the unit price.
(3) The increase in the volume price has contributed to a 10-year increase of 13.13 times in the price of cataract operations, as well as the growth of the lines of operations, where the specific impact of the increase in the volume of medical lines of operations has been analysed as an example of cataract operations.
The number of cataracts is larger and growing faster. But it is limited to El ophthalmology that does not disclose the specific number of hospital operations, and that is difficult to obtain access to the tangent and visual industries. Here we look at the growth of cataracts in single-point hospitals with the National Information Reporting System for Cataract Recovering.
In terms of the number of hospitals reported, El ophthalmology hospitals have a wide national coverage. According to the latest report on cataract surgery in 2018 by the Central Defence Blindness Network, out of the five hospitals with the highest number of surgical operations in 31 provinces, El ophthalmology ranks among the 31 hospitals in 20 provinces, representing 20% of the total number of hospitals.
In 2016-2018, we counted 26 AE ophthalmological hospitals with complete data for the top five departments. Although the transition to health care policy has slowed down, the overall rate of operations has increased. Only 6 of the 26 hospitals have reduced the number of operations, and the remaining 20 have increased to varying degrees: health conditions are relatively underdeveloped in the west.
The number of operations in Ning-El increased 3.3 times from 742 in 2016 to 3217, with cagr 108.22 per cent; the number of mature doctors such as Chang Sha-El and Wuhan-El increased to 5275.73 in 2018 with cagr 12.84 per cent.
The increase in the number of visits has been accompanied by a steady rise in the unit price for cataract operations, with a complex increase of 6.19% in nine years. The company announcement reveals that the unit price for cataract surgery has also been rising from year to year, with the latest disclosed unit price for cataract surgery in 2017 being $6057.05, compared to $3747.55 in 2009, an increase of 62% in nine years and a capr 6.19%.
The combined effect of these increases is a continuous increase in cataract operations, which rose 13.13 times over the decade. The cataract projects have contributed significantly to cataract operations from the 2009 business model and competitiveness topics, as well as higher costs.
1.2 Ten-year growth contribution: built-in dominance, running pillars in old camps, the rise of non-old camps; M&As; surges, domestic “broad grains”, offshore debacles. Linkage can generally be scaled up in ways that can be divided into endogenous growth and expansive mergers and acquisitions.
The larger assets, and the aggressive M & As attacks abroad in recent years, have left the market with a widely misperception of an extenuating expansion dominated by the fact that endogenous growth is the key to the rapid growth of El ophthalmology’s performance, which is clearly known, through the development path of the backtracking el ophthalmology. A part of the 10-year period has been marked by a loss on the external margins, with an average net profit of 106%, while the average income and net profit of the single hospital is split.
In other words, El ophthalmological growth is almost entirely driven by endogenous growth, and in order to explore in depth the pattern of changes in the history and growth patterns of El ophthalmology since it was introduced, we are analysing the downgrading of hospitals in the El ophthalmology system in three parts, based on time and geographical location: old-school pre-market, new post-market and M & A hospitals (non-old doctors).
As El did not disclose the financial situation of each of the pre-market hospitals, we are represented by eight mature hospitals that have been able to obtain complete data since listing (Wuhan El, Chang Shaaïre, Shenyang Yiel, Chengdu El, Chongqing Yiel, Shaan Yiel, Zao Yiel and Guangzhou, collectively known as the “old camp hospitals”).
By contrast, other “non-old” hospitals on the mainland have been obtained mainly through new constructions and mergers, and the size and net profits of recent years have grown rapidly, becoming a powerful booster to the development of the main business.
Figure 15. The size of the three types of hospitals in the El ophthalmology listing system, where we disassembly the aggregate and incremental composition of El ophthalmological income and net profits to analyse the pattern of changes in growth patterns since El ophthalmology was listed, can be roughly divided into three stages:
Phase I: 50-75 per cent of total revenues and over 100 per cent of net profits from eight pre-market old-school hospitals until 2013, which, while covering losses, drove the growth of net profits of companies and was the main driver of endogenous growth; Phase II: 2014-2018: incremental internalization, with newly built and acquired hospitals in the old-school hospitals gradually matured and averaged Gon
(b) Third phase: after 2018, into the global outreach phase, the mainland region maintained strong growth, while Hong Kong-Europe Hospital received more than 10 per cent of the first net profit, contributing 10 per cent to the increase in revenue, and global M&As were beginning to bear fruit.
1.2.1 Up to 2013: Intra-stock phase, old-school hospitals contribute fully to the net stock-owning phase until 2013 with strong unit operating capacity, characterized by old-school hospitals as a driving force for endogenous growth, constituting a contribution to corporate revenue and net profits Business model and competitiveness theme
Eight old-school hospitals have contributed 50-75% of the company’s income at this stage, depending on their composition. The net profit has also been made up of all old-school hospitals. Non-old-camp hospitals, at this stage, account for 40% of the total income.
In terms of the composition of the increase, the growth of the old hospitals in terms of net profits has been great at this stage, balancing the losses of the non-old hospitals with the growth of the company’s net profits. As mergers and acquisitions have advanced, the growth of the non-old hospitals has been faster, and the net loss of profits has been decreasing.
They are already in a state of maturity, with 20-30% growth before and after listing, which underpins the early nurturing phase of the chain model. In recent years, in order to break through the bottlenecks of the maturation period, the old camps have been technologically upgraded.
A series of measures, such as grade, product rotation, and relocation expansion, have further increased business volume and Maori rates, thus completing the upgrading of the unit’s operating capacity. The combined power of the boxing box is also significant, with single net profit increases rising from 12.8% in 2016 to 26.7% in 2019 h1, which remains an important pillar of the Department’s steady and sustained profitability.
Business models and competitiveness topics, with the growth of the market size and volume of operations, the old-school hospital, which is the largest number of hospitals in the El listing system, mainly in the provincial capital city, has been expanded to cover the original area of 2-20.
1.2.2 From 2014 to 2017: During the incremental internalization phase, the non-residential hospitals have gone beyond the old ones to contribute to the main effort, with their intrinsic contributions to be significant.
In 2014-2017, the incremental internalization phase was characterized by the replacement of old-school hospitals by the dominant position of non-old-school hospitals as a major contributor to corporate revenues, a net profit loss and a start to rapid growth. There were three changes in the structure of the total at this stage: the rise of non-old-school hospitals, which rose from 24.5 per cent in 2009 to 61.7 per cent in 2017;
2. Old camp hospitals are strong, with strong profitability as the largest contributor to net profits, but as the size of the company continues to grow, the net profit ratio has narrowed from 80 per cent to 50 per cent; 3. Hong Kong and overseas hospital mergers and acquisitions have been initiated and introduced into the listing system.
In terms of incremental structure, the non-old camp hospital has become a key force for the growth of corporate revenue and net profits, and the relative advantage of the lead has gradually expanded. This is reflected in two ways: a non-old camp hospital is the biggest driver of the growth of the camp.
The contribution of growth reached 21 per cent, while the contribution of old-school hospitals declined gradually, with income growth falling to 5-10 per cent. 2. The net profit of non-old-school hospitals has been a major contributor to the net profit growth since 2013, when only old-school hospitals increased by 16 to 26 per cent of the company’s overall profit growth.
The non-old-school hospitals perform the best at this stage, and we find that endogenous contributions are the main drivers of the non-old-school hospitals. This is reflected in business models and competitiveness topics: 1. Net profit growth in non-old-school hospitals is largely driven by endogenous growth. We do so in terms of incorporation time and collection.
The availability of data divides the non-old-school hospitals into two parts, one as an outreach component of the current newly integrated hospitals into the listed system and the other as an endogenous component of the off-the-market hospitals. During the 10 years of the market, the part of the inside has contributed the vast majority of the profits of the non-old-camp hospitals, of which seven have contributed more than 100%. This depends on the non-old-camp hospitals, drawing on the model of mature hospitals, which can rapidly shorten the growth cycle and improve the yield.
In 2017, it was the first year of the merger of hospitals under the auspices of the M & A fund, when the total number of 19 hospitals/clinics acquired in the current period was larger and the contributing company ' s net profit increased by 72% of the year. As some of the hospitals in the extended period received not all of their current revenues, only the net profit data were analysed.
In more complete years, the revenue contribution to the built-in component is consistent with the net profit. 2. In terms of the net profit growth rate, the non-old-school part contributed, on average, 18% to the net profit increase, while the extra-growth component contributed to the net profit growth.
It is not yet mature, and therefore the net profit per point averages - 800,000 to -6 million. If the expansive part of the non-old-school hospital is excluded, the overall net profit increase will be 0.3 to 39.0% higher. On the contrary, if the endogenous part is removed, the net profit increase will fall to -0.2 to 28.9%, with an average of around 13%.
A significant reduction in the cycle of hospital development, and a gradual increase in income and profitability. Business models and competitiveness topics: after 1.2.32018: Global outreach phase, domestic M&As, and the impact of overseas M&As
In 2018, the offshore-driven divide marked the company’s entry into a global outreach phase. El ophthalmology has been actively deployed on the mainland since 2016, acquiring prominent ophthalmological institutions in Hong Kong, Europe, and the United States in 16 and 17 years.
Higher than 61% and 43%, respectively; two Hong Kong, Europe, and the United States, where net profits began to emerge, contributed more than 10% to corporate revenues and net profits in 2018. As overseas operations continue to expand, the contribution is expected to increase further.
While the global outreach phase is characterized by high domestic growth, the use of Hong Kong-Europe Hospital has widened the new course of corporate growth, relying on overseas-based M&As to boost the scale. The acquisition of Hong Kong-Europe Hospital is an important node for the globalization of Elea, through high-quality eye companies in Hong Kong, Europe, and the United States.
By scale, in 2018, Hong Kong-European and American hospitals contributed 10% of their income and net profits. Growth was mainly due to higher performance and lower endogenous growth capacity than continental assets.
Business models and competitiveness topics are the cornerstone of El's rapid development. From the industry's perspective, the eye industry is at a very rapid stage of development, with industry size and attendance.
As a result of the industry’s dividends, the revenues and net profits of El-El-H1 in 2018 and 2019 were more than 25%, which is still the case for the overseas portion, indicating that El-El has continued to enjoy the boom of the industry’s dividends in the middle of the country’s races. The good track is in keeping with the “time of heaven,” and that the high speed of El-Governance has been able to benefit from a vast “treasure” and management system.
In summary, Earl's success in building three basic capabilities is crucial: the basic unit operating capability has ensured that the old hospital has experienced growth and that the growth of net profits can be accelerated by an improved operating model after a slowdown; the chain reproduction capability is a practice of standardizing the basic unit's capabilities, allowing, through a pattern of replication, the rapid internalization of the non-old-camp hospitals into mature hospitals for sustained profit, making them larger and faster than the old-camp hospitals.
It is possible, and it will allow the globalization landscape to be further extended; management capacity is a guarantee of full profitability in the creation of a chain of networks that will bring together groups of millions of people. Next, we will explain in more detail how the three major capabilities have been continuously upgraded.
The three-storey world-class ophthalmological ecosphere 2.1 basic unit capability upgrade: Focus on the main industries to strengthen the four core elements of the quality of medical services. If El ophthalmology is compared to a fast-growing organism, the basic unit operating capability is the most critical stem cell transport.
The health of the camp’s capacity determines not only the ability of each hospital to upgrade itself and develop steadily, but also the ability of the cell-based grid expansion to internalize it into a nutrient supply to the airframe, and to export the “best operating” template to the new unit, rather than to lay the risk of cancer. From the first part of the analysis, we find that the basic units of the three types of hospital are constantly operating.
In the report “Standing Standards Building the Kingdom of El ophthalmology” we summarized four standard formulas for standardizing the capabilities of the Al ophthalmological units (site selection, personnel, equipment and marketing) and three major superactions (business space, staffing and equipment size).
Further distilling the four key elements of the standardized construction upgrade path: professional doctors, high-end equipment, first-class technology and leading business, which has become a hard-core force for hospitals under El to maintain a leading role in the fierce competition. We find that the standardization of business structures is also an important part of the construction of standardized hospitals. Each new hospital in El can perform core operations such as drudgery, visualization, cataracts, and eye and bottom diseases, even if medical conditions are inadequate.
The same is true of developed local and district hospitals. Through continuous transformation and upgrading of high-end services, optimization of business structures, and enrichment of service industries, the transition to higher Māori is facilitated by maximizing the coverage of potential patients, and sustained growth in hospital profits.
As a result of the first part of the analysis, we found that the central driving force of El ophthalmology’s success was endogenous capacity, best demonstrated by the contribution of non-old-school hospitals to the success of the earth. Excellence in endogenous capacity was the result of the continuous upgrading of the basic unit capacity, which was a sufficient reflection of the high quality and standardisation of health services that El ophthalmology has been doing.
In 10 years, single-point hospital revenues rose from $30.3 million at the beginning of the market to $74.71 million in 2018, while net profits rose from $4.6 million to $9.68 million, up to 2.47 and 2.10 times, respectively, at the beginning of the market. El ophthalmology is still able to maintain a single-point medical service in such a large volume today, and the high rate of growth of the hospital’s profitability and the capacity of the basic units is visible.
Business models and competitiveness are the only ones that work, and El ophthalmology has always focused on the ophthalmology industry. From 2009 to 2019, H1 ophthalmology received more than 99.8% of the income. This focus has ensured that El concentrated on breaking the ophthalmology track, with industry dividends.
2.1.2 The four key elements of the quality of medical services are continuously strengthened and are central to the capacity enhancement of the basic units.
The four core elements of standardisation of health services continue to be strengthened. (1) The nesting process has brought together 1/8 ophthalmologists from all over the country, the number of single-point hospital doctors has continued to rise, the country ' s ophthalmologists are scarce, and the resources of Dr. El have gradually concentrated on building barriers to talent.
For scarce core resources, the level of ophthalmology services is dominated. For the United States, there are currently some 39,000 ophthalmologists and 18,000 ophthalmologists in the United States.
Doctors also serve tens of thousands of residents. In recent years, the incidence of ophthalmology has been rising, the number and pace of development of ophthalmologists have not kept pace with demand, and the imbalance between supply and demand has increased.
In terms of the total number of doctors, there is a general shortage of ophthalmologists across the country, with the team of ophthalmologists growing ninefold and the number of high-end people growing nearly ninefold; the share of medical practitioners in the entire industry has also gradually increased, from 2.89 per cent in 2009 to 12.5 per cent in 2019, and more than 30 per cent in specialist ophthalmologists. The increase in the number of doctors has been accompanied by an increase in the quality of ophthalmologists.
The pool of young ophthalmologists and specialists is continuing, and we're going to make a detailed list of 41.5 out of 2.3. This is particularly impressive in the context of the country's relatively scarce medical resources and the growing expansion of companies. This shows that the capacity of each hospital to receive treatment continues to expand and, on the other hand, reflects the increasing appeal of Al to ophthalmologists.
In the next few years, El ophthalmologists are expected to reach 7,000, accounting for 20-30% of the staff. High-quality and relatively adequate medical resources ensure that every hospital under the El ophthalmology flag has a senior professional ophthalmologist in town.
(2) The equipment is advanced, the single point of investment is steadily rising, and the establishment of hospitals that expand the bottom line of Asia-wide operations is complemented by the use of excellent tools for good doctors, especially in the ophthalmology industry, which is heavily dependent on equipment. As El ophthalmology continues to grow, medical equipment remains the largest fixed-asset component, at 71.30% to 80.93%.
The topic of business models and competitiveness has seen a significant increase in the average value of services due to the increased size of the merged monolithic hospitals that have been incorporated in 17 years under the umbrella of the Industrial Merger and Purchase Fund (with the exclusion of the influence of visual clinics, outpatient clinics and hospitals in Port Europe and the United States).
The continuous acquisition of state-of-the-art medical equipment has enabled the operation of all levels of hospitals to achieve better surgical results, while at the same time actively expanding the scope of operations in nine major Yacos to cover patients with different types of diseases. For example, local district hospitals that were incorporated into the public system in 2018 and 2019 h1 have introduced flight-second laser systems imported from Europe and Japan, and pre-wave differences between the wavescan waves.
Medical equipment such as ultrasound emulsifiers, corneas maps, eye camera and computer spectrometers.
Figure 30. The medical equipment of the El ophthalmological single point hospital is involved in the hunting of all-ophthalmological diseases (3) technological upgrading, closely following the international sophisticated diagnostic tools, with a cumulative rollout of over 600 new technologies over the decade.
The ophthalmology continues to learn from the medical experience of its counterparts at home and abroad, and has consistently developed and promoted new technologies and new businesses.
More than 664 new technologies are constantly contributing to the improvement of the quality of medical services throughout Asia through technological and business integration. (4) Structural optimization, with the share of high-end technical species in the individual operations increasing over the years, with a wider radiation radius and deeper sinking.
Of the three projects, the largest and fastest-growing, in particular, is the collection rate, which rose from 24.83 per cent in 2014 to 37.46 per cent in 2019 (h1) and the percentage of sight projects, which has remained at around 18-20 per cent. While the share of cataract operations, which has been limited by local health policies since 2017, has declined, it has continued to grow with the contribution of high-end operations.
The promotion of high-end operations, such as cornea mirrors for sightseeing operations, custom-made drop-light operations for draught-ray operations, has enabled the Kluminous and Visual Projects to maintain a consistently high Māori rate of over 50% over a 10-year period, and Cataract operations have increased from 37.69% in 2018 to 39.35% in 2019 through the “Hinginging” high-end technology.
By permeating high-end surgery to cover and deepen the potential of the channels, it stimulates the growth of hospital performance. In the case of Chang Shayle, full-fly second technology, business models and competitiveness topics, the number of surgeries in the current year was only about 10 per cent, 28 per cent in the second year, more than 47 per cent in the third year, and the amount of contemporaneous operations rose to over 47 per cent in the third year.
In terms of access, coverage and transformation capacity has been expanded by setting up eye-to-eye outpatient centres, community-friendly e-stations, etc. Treatment mini-sites, and cloud treatment platforms. In the process of increasing the penetration rate of the co-patient terminal, eye services can be advanced, and new hospital services developed.
The traditional ophthalmology model has been active in exploring ways to upgrade the overall operating structure of hospitals. In the construction of ophthalmology hospitals for specific groups of people, El is at the forefront: in response to the State's initiative to control young people's near-sighted and ophthalmological diseases, the ophthalmology centre in Chongqing was opened in August 2019, focusing on the prevention and treatment of all types of ophthalmological and congenital ophthalmological diseases among children; and high-end medical care at the end of the escalation of consumption is needed.
In addition, El ophthalmology co-financed the establishment of Hunan Myo Medical Science and Technology Ltd., which began to expand the industrial chain upstream; and working with companies such as cloud computing, medical big data, artificial intelligence, conversion to Chinese, Xavier information, etc., to explore new models of digital medicine such as “seeker-neighbour” app and Internet medicine.
The exploration of excavation patterns has led to a wider radius and deeper sinking of the population exposed to radiation from El ophthalmology operations. 2.2 chain reproduction capability upgrades: double-wheel drive casting of the M & A fund operating poles, continuous extension of three layers of moorings with city networks, stratification chains and global sharing
For a chain of firms, the basic unit operating capability is the original point, and the chain copying capability allows the company to grow to a much deeper and broader space. As we have already suggested in our report Standardizing Building the Kingdom of El ophthalmology, El ophthalmology overcomes the general problems of geographical differences, speed of expansion, and financial constraints, in a step-by-step manner, with the “three dimensions and three paths” of standardized expansion philosophy.
We believe that El ophthalmology’s features in chain reproduction have developed a new dimension: drivers: one-wheel drive to M & A hospitals and two-wheel expansion to new ones, leveraging five categories of value aid.
A chain model: construction of three layers of embedded global grids – layered chains, initial layout of the central city to the local city, deep sinking of the district hospital; upgrading of the network circle with the city to speed up access while accelerating depth penetration; global sharing of the circle; and acquisition of four international ophthalmology units.
2.2.1 Driver: In 2013, one-wheel drive turned to two-wheel drive, becoming the operating pole of the M & A fund. Through Part 1, we learned that the non-old camps are the main force contributing to the growth of revenue and net profits, and that these hospitals are expanding through outreach.
Access (e.g., new/M&A) is obtained, which in turn boosts the growth of Al as a whole. Over time, the driving force is marked by the creation of the Industrial M&A Fund in 2014 in two phases: 1. One-wheel drive: El ophthalmology was dominated by the new company hospital (new/direct M&A) until 2013, the 2009-2013 level.
2. Double-wheel-drive expansion: In 2014 and beyond, El ophthalmology’s network has expanded rapidly through the incorporation of new companies’ hospitals and industry M & A funds. On the one hand, the M & A fund has created a large number of in vitro hospitals, and on the other hand, it has been able to charge them in due course through a second acquisition.
As of 2019h1, most of the assets of the Industrial M & As Fund were still outside the market system, with 249 ophthalmological institutions; The Listed M & As Fund contributed to the addition of 22 new sites in 2017 and 42 new hospitals/clinics in 2018, of which 9 were acquired under the umbrella of the Industrial M & A Fund in 2017 and 16 new hospitals/clinics in 2019.
Thirteen were obtained through industrial M & A funds. At present, El ophthalmology has nearly 400 ophthalmology institutions in China. (1) By 2013, expansion was carried out on a one-wheel drive model, with strong growth momentum.
By drawing on the mature operating model of existing hospitals, new hospitals will be able to achieve a high rate of growth in the early stages of their establishment, with a strong growth incentive, while M&A hospitals will make a direct contribution through their physical advantage. From 2009 to 2013, these new hospitals received a far higher rate of growth than the old ones, with a four-year capr of 61.06%, while the old camp hospitals, with their maturity, grew at a similar rate to that of the industry, with four-year capr 21.13%.
From the size of the collection, the city’s acquisition grew rapidly, with nearly $60 million in 2013 as its top ten. The city of Shenzhen, which was purchased in 2011, and the new Shenzhen city, which was built in 2013, are typical representatives of the new one-wheel-drive hospital.
Among the core hospitals, five years after that, cagr 14.80% of the core hospitals. The operating income of Shenzhen El was only about $4 million in 2013, compared to an average of $123 million in 2013 for the old camps alone, which is about 30 times that of Shenzhen El Queen.
From $4.475 million in 2013 to $180 million in 2018, the capr reached 109.97 per cent and became one of the ten core hospitals in El ophthalmology in 2018.
After 2014, industrial mergers and acquisitions funds under the two-wheel drive have hatched high-quality hospitals and accelerated integration into the public system One-wheel drive can drive corporate performance growth, but this drive is clearly flawed: first expansion is slow and does not effectively cover the fast-growing market for eye consultations, while reliance on large-scale increases in self-financed expansion threatens the capital chain; second, with the company's size.
The growth of these new hospitals, when they mature, will return to the market at an overall rate of growth and failure to further boost their performance. Thus, one-wheel drive will not be able to balance the speed and cost of expansion. The creation of an industrial M&A fund in 2014 will provide a good balance between the speed of expansion and the cost of expansion, and more importantly, the integration of resource reserves with smooth finance will mark the start of a two-wheel drive model. It will follow a profit-after buy-back model by nurturing and optimizing hospital resources.
Since 2014, El ophthalmology has participated in the creation of seven industry M&A funds and institutions to leverage 7 billion dollars in self-financed funds to significantly accelerate the hospital chain of assets at a relatively low risk. Through the Industry M&A Fund, El ophthalm has magnified itself.
Investing in the ability to increase the number of M&As for future development of reserves, promoting the positive and robust integration and expansion of El M&As, seizing market opportunities, and further increasing El’s market penetration and brand radiation throughout the country. Among these M&A funds, El is a limited partner, wind, business model, and competitiveness theme.
In the two-wheel-drive model, the increase in the speed of expansion is significant. The number of new hospitals/clinics in the above-mentioned municipal system, the M & A industry, since the establishment of the M & A fund, has grown up to 22 hospitals since 2017, which have been incorporated into the public system and become an important part of the new hospitals (new clinics were mostly outpatients in 2018 and relatively small), and 16 new diagnostic machines in 2019h1
The two-wheel-drive model also contributed to the high-quality growth of El's performance. In 2017, the first year of the merger of the M&A Fund's hospitals, the net profits of these nine companies amounted to 6.69% of the net profits of the company as a whole for that year, representing a rise in net profits on the same basis as the combined returns (net profits in 2017 - net in 2016).
The M & A hospital, under the umbrella of the M & A fund, first developed in vitro, and then injected into the market system through fund-raising and acquisition, maximized the cost of profit and even contributed directly to significant performance. Both the East and the Rim States built in 2014 and held shares in the former Shenzhen Eastern and Hunan Ele merger funds, respectively.
After in vitro growth, the size of East and Liam Ribbon El grew to reach $80 million in 2017 and $122 million in 2017, respectively, with a positive net profit and a high net interest rate. In 2019, H1 and 2 hospital receipts remained stable at a high rate of 31% and 15%.
The rapid growth in the size of the company, the first leap to a non-old-school hospital as a major contributor to performance, and the development of the label company into a phase of incremental internalization. (3) From one-round expansion to two-wheel expansion, the acceleration of the expansion has been accompanied by revelations that the growth cycle of the hospital has been reduced from around four years to one-two years, or even directly profitable.
With the two-wheel drive of the new hospital and the Industrial Merger Fund, El ophthalmology's capacity for replication has been rapidly increased, relying on strong endogenous energy, business models and competitiveness themes, and the breeding cycle of the already-frozen hospital has been continuously reduced to one to two years. Through these years of expansion, Earl has used this capacity more than ever.
The more mature we get, the new hospitals will soon be able to keep pace with the company as a whole and make a profit. We calculate this as a growth cycle for hospitals in the listed system from the year of the check-in to the year of the break-down. The average four-to-five-year growth cycle for new hospitals in the original one-wheel-drive phase will be profitable, and the growth cycle for new hospitals in the two-wheel-drive phase will be significantly reduced to one-to-two years; in the case of the new one-wheel-drive one in 2014 and the one in 2016.
In addition, the number of hospitals that are directly profitable through in vitro M & A funds, such as Dong Yiel, has grown, allowing the company to “retrieve” faster, giving El ophthalmology a greater level of energy to expand faster. (4) Leveraging to create four categories of value, El ophthalm being the operating pole of the M & A fund.
As a successful example of a merger fund being established by a listed company in association with a Pe investment agency, the experience of El ophthalmological operations and the logic of value have a positive impact on the market. In the course of its operation, the “three-step” model of the El ophthalmological M & A fund has a clear strategy: 1.
Merger phase: External financing through M & As funds, M & A hospitals under M funds are integrated before incorporation into listed companies to help standardize the capacity of the target hospitals to quickly complete their basic units; 3. Acquisition phase: after three to five years of incubation, El ophthalmology, after the M & A hospital's financial performance met the requirements, undertook a second M & As in due time, avoided the risk of M & As failure, and achieved rapid performance growth using a sound strategy.
In the first year of M & As, El ophthalmology, not only increased operating income and net profit expectations, but also brought significant benefits, with a secondary acquisition leverage of an average of 4.55 times. Secondary acquisitions also provide a clear exit channel for Pe to help it earn huge investment returns.
The M & A fund is strategic for the current stage of El ophthalmology, which combines evidence of long-standing life in El ophthalmology to explore how M & As can help listed companies to work together with investment agencies.
The value of M & A funds is expressed in the following: 1. Expansion value: the most immediate role of industry funds is to rapidly expand the size of the grid, thereby rapidly occupying the market. In 2018, El ophthalmology reached 6.82%, had more than 300 points, had about 400 points in 2019, and the value of M & As was seen as a powerful weapon in expanding the market size; 2. Performance value: we have demonstrated that industry has demonstrated that
The establishment of the M & A fund marked the beginning of the incremental and endogenous phase, with the increase in the number of sites and their timely incorporation into the body greatly spurring the growth of revenue and net profits, while the in vitro-breeding period also reduced the performance burden of the new hospital, which was under way; 3. Strategic value: M & A funds were aligned with the hierarchical chain strategy, laying the foundation for the deployment of the hospital network and accelerated sinking of the district; 4. Brand value: the growing size of the market gave rise to concerns
Social recognition has led to an increase in the number of outpatients and surgeries over the years, with a further increase in penetration rates. Figure 44. Models of operation and core values of the El ophthalmological M & As Fund.
In the driver phase, the small El ophthalmology expands at a lower rate of 5-8 hospitals per year, steadily increasing its performance. As El ophthalmology grows steadily, the M&A fund is the best way to balance financial spending and expansion in the first 10 years of development.
The question is, but rather, when to M & As, how to effectively M & As to achieve the objectives of 1+1>2. The selection of the expansion model should be compatible with the current company’s operating conditions and capital operations. El ophthalmology’s ability to make M & As funds depends on three aspects: 1.
In an interview with the media in August 2019, El ophthalmologist Lee said that the future industry fund model would not persist, but rather was a gradual transition. The reason was that the cost of setting up an industry fund hospital was higher than the cost of building a self-help hospital, when El was more profitable and more affordable.
After that, self-built hospitals will become the mainstream. This model fulfils its historical mission as industry funds bring hospitals all into the public sector. This savvy-guided expansion is a manifestation of the philosophy of El ophthalmology, with businesses as the main players, enterprises as the main players, and flexible mergers and acquisitions, business models and competitiveness issues.
2.2.2 A chain model: hierarchical chains, intercity networks, global sharing of three layers of mosaiced globally, based on the development characteristics of domestic and external ophthalmological treatment, the development of three layers of international ophthalmological strategies, wider geographical coverage, and the development of three layers of ophthalmology in El ophthalmology.
The chain model has three specific dimensions: 1. The vertical upgrading from the “third-level chain” to the “central city-provincial-local city-county-county” layer, with the initial layout of the city and beyond being completed and accelerated towards the county level; 2. The horizontal creative construction of the contours of the city network, the construction of the “flagship hospital-branch-eye clinic/eye clinic”, the multi-channel coverage of the diagnostic loops to improve the accessibility of consultations and the depth of brands;
The international expansion of the global shared circle has promoted internationalization through the deep integration of advanced international medical service concepts and cutting-edge technological systems, first (1) vertical submersion of the cascaded ecology, initial substrates over the ground, and further substrates at the county level. In order to expand the scale of expansion, the initial chain model selected by El ophthalmology was set up as a “triple chain: level I hospitals - level II hospitals - level III hospitals”.
Medical resources are generally concentrated in second-line cities, while the district area has a total population of 69.71% (as reported by the National Statistical Office in its sixth census), and there is a huge gap in non-urban health-care needs. As the country’s primary consultations and graded referrals move forward, the focus on health-care needs continues to sink, and market opportunities and spaces at the grass-roots level expands.
The municipal-provincial-local-county “segregated chain” model, deep down to counties with a larger base of demand for services, improves coverage and penetration. The hierarchical chain ecology divides hospitals into four levels by administrative space: a central flagship hospital, such as Chang Sha'il, is located as an international first-class hospital, creating an international “association” through continuous upgrading of the workforce.
The provincial capital hospital, while building itself as a provincial centre for the treatment of difficult eye diseases, gradually expanding the sub-hospitals according to market space, and providing strong support to provincial and municipal hospitals at all levels; the municipal hospital at the 3rd level, which is fully and adequately leading by means of an enhanced hospital's integrated capacity, supported by the group and provincial capital hospitals, is now located halfway; and the hospital at the grass-roots level in 4 districts, where the integrated management of the district and sub-districts enhances the integration of resources.
By working together at different levels of inter-hospital operations and management, the benefits of resource sharing, cost reduction, and rapid replication can also be achieved more easily and efficiently for patients, helping to solve the problem of difficult access. With regard to the goal of a hierarchical chain of ecology, El plans to build 200 local and 1,000 district hospitals by 2020.
By the first half of the year 2019, the target had been achieved: central cities and provincial capitals in the M & A system had been completed; 18 district clinics in 171 municipal hospitals had been opened and were more than half of them were expected to reach their expectations; county hospitals and clinics had 103 and 5 respectively, and the subsidence at the district level had been the focus of work in 2019, with the establishment of district doctors in counties with a population of more than 500,000 according to the headquarters plan
By 2020, there will be more than 60 district hospitals/clinics in subdistricts with a population of less than half a million. The subsidence at the district level is still accelerating, and as the number of district-level ophthalmology facilities continues to increase, it is expected that the urgent need for ophthalmological treatment at the grass-roots level will be alleviated.
Chart 46. El-Eir's seminal chain layouts are still to be advanced at the beginning, and the county level is still to be advanced in the context of the geographical layout of the cascaded network, where El-Ephthalm is gradually expanding into a three-step “three-step” base camp. The expansion festival is characterized by three main features: 1. Construction of the two lakes first, with the two lakes as the base camp; 2. Construction of the provinces close to the two lakes, with a focus on the provinces.
These three features are analysed in greater detail in the report entitled “Standing the Kingdom of El ophthalmology through Standardization.” As of 2019, about 400 specialized ophthalmological hospitals had been established in 30 provinces and urban areas of mainland China, covering more than 70% of the country’s health-care population.
Business model and competitiveness topic (2): horizontal depth penetration into the conglomerate network ecology, deep mapping of grass-roots points.
As a result of the El ophthalmology survey, the need for eye consultations is far from being met, even in central cities such as Changsha and Wuhan, where eye level is more advanced, the diagnostic capacity of an ophthalmology hospital is far from covering the growing eye market. To address this supply and demand challenge, El creatively set up a co-city-level consultation system unique to the provincial capital and large cities: a local hospital based on Elere.
The establishment of sub-centres in the same city, district clinics, community townships with eye-to-eye stations, multi-level and multi-operative medical network hairlines to meet intra-city demand for consultations, which not only does not spread the flow of visitors, but can further improve brand penetration and accessibility, and make each one of the systems easily accessible.
Through technical support from higher hospitals to lower-level hospitals, patients with problems in lower-level hospitals can be referred to higher-level hospitals by group specialists, making it possible to optimize the allocation of resources and facilitate patient access. El ophthalmology has been established in Changsha, an old camp hospital with an average annual increase of 25 million yuan, compared to 177 million yuan in 2014, an increase of 18 per cent in 2015.
Since the opening of Jiang Yill, both hospitals have grown by $30 million, and by 2018, by $342 million, or 22%. Thanks to the vast market space and clear hospital positioning, Chang Sha Yill, as a flagship hospital, is expanding Yako’s skills, and Yangjiang El can better cover the surroundings of Yoyo district, Gai City, in order to achieve a virtuous cycle of mutual development.
Five PVCs, nine community networks will gradually integrate, resource integration and sharing efficiency, and network coverage will increase, and this model will later be opened in more large cities. (3) International outreach of the global shared circle, global M&A strategy will guide the pace, global ophthalmological depth integration.
Elmephthalm began in 2016 with the acquisition of leading overseas ophthalmology institutions in Hong Kong, the United States Mingwang ophthalmology Centre, Europe's clnicabaviera.s.a, Singapore's Isec, becoming the world's largest ringed ophthalmology group covering the three continents of Asia and Europe. Through the integration of scientific research, talent, and technological innovation platforms in the country and around the world, the world has developed a world-class ophthalmological biosphere that promotes global clinical and academic research.
The strength and depth of global ophthalmological wisdom is growing. The four international ophthalmological institutions that were acquired in the course of the global roll-out were all well-known local ophthalmological centres, with Europe’s clinkabaviera.s.a (cbav), Singapore’s isec (40t) listed on Spanish and Singapore’s stock exchanges.
For example, clínicabaviera, s.a., operating in 25 years, already owns 76 clinical centres at the time of the acquisition, while the level of treatment is leading in southern Europe, and kurday surgery is the highest in Spain and Germany. Global M&A performance is also evident, with Hong Kong-Europe-American hospitals making more than 10% of their performance in 2018, marking a new phase of global outreach for El Eyecola.
Chapter. The rapid entry of El ophthalmology into the ophthalmology market in the most developed regions, through a series of international acquisitions, has contributed to the deep integration of the country's business model and competitiveness topics, the advanced medical services concept and the cutting edge technological system, which are important milestones in the internationalization strategy.
Figure 49. From 2016 onward, El-Ephthalm’s view of the globalisation of Chinese enterprises in Hong Kong, South-East Asia, and the European and American regions is that globalization presupposes international competitiveness, and that Chinese enterprises can only be able to compete in global markets if they are self-reliant on the world’s best firms. Overseas M&As are one of China’s strategies to globalize.
It is not the same as globalization and internationalization, which cover the management of globalization, the globalization of services, the operation of efficient globalization in harmony with globalization, the globalization of workers, which we believe has a solid foundation at the strategic and implementation levels on the road to globalization: first, the strategic objectives of globalization, the strategic path, the strategic phase. According to Chairman Chen, El ophthalmological globalization will be divided.
Two stages of development: sharing global ophthalmological wisdom, with an emphasis on internal mobility; sharing Al's ophthalmological wisdom globally, with a two-way flow. The strategy is clear about the constant specificity and advantages of the AE ophthalmological decision-making team.
II. The operational strategy of the global layout also mirrors El ophthalmology’s scheming. After several years of scheming, El proceeds from Hong Kong to the Americas, Europe, and South-East Asia, based on a global perspective, in key positions with a large market space, and purchases are made by leading firms with the best technology, talent, and extensive management experience.
The scarce, non-renewable or breeding cycles, and the huge costs of these valuable resources, will be the global competitive barriers that El ophthalmology will construct “more than ever, through the advancement of internationalization strategies and resource integration, El ophthalmology has become the largest global medical chain, with over 500 ophthalmological institutions worldwide, covering more than 3 billion people.
The system promotes the development of shared and complementary health systems for corporate platforms, the development of high-end health care in the country, and the continued expansion of global ophthalmology leaders.
El ophthalmology, with its excellent basic unit operating capacity and its ability to replicate expansion, has gradually grown into a leader in global ophthalmological treatment chains, requiring a combination of 16,000 people in the workforce and the efficient functioning of the organizational management system. The company’s leading position today is the inevitable result of the continuous upgrading of El ophthalmology, which is reflected in the full potential of its management staff and in the governance of companies to guarantee rapid growth.
In our study, the key to the potential of the workforce is to provide a multi-paying mix to meet wealth needs, to build a first-class training platform to meet professional needs and to expand career growth paths to meet career needs in three ways:
Professionally, based on the “two houses, seven houses, one station, one centre” to host the world's near-sighted conferences of the highest order of the academic community;