- The Central and Central ICU (000157.sz) case, where the company intended to raise a stock in a non-publicly released stock not to exceed $6.6 billion: a non-public release of the summer rains.
The project was built for 15 months, and (b) an increase in the intellectual manufacturing of blending vehicles was made.
Level projects (total investment 829.8 million yuan/total investment to raise 350 million yuan): for the construction of industrial bases for the construction of blending car smarts, and for the delivery of the expected 10,000 blenders per year, 450 mixed vehicles per year, 48 months of project construction period: (c) key spare parts smart manufacturing projects (1,668 million yuan/total investment to raise $1.3 billion)
The construction component consists mainly of high-strength steel supply centres, cardboard workshops, etc., expected to produce 350,000 tons of high-strength steel per year after delivery, 75,000 plate units for a 15-month project construction period; (d) key hydraulic device (hydral valve) smart manufacturing project (total investment of 442.6 million yuan/input mobilization of 250 million yuan): proposed construction of liquids
The production base for the manufacture of instruments of pressure is expected to produce 250,000 different types of hydraulic products per year after delivery. The project has been set up for a period of four years. (e) Replenishment of liquidity is estimated at $2.3 billion.
The company is planning to introduce the Huai Jin Foundation (to be subscribed to $3.1 billion), the life of the peace (to be subscribed to $1.9 billion), Heinan Cheng (to be offered $1 billion), Ningbo Soto (to be accepted $600 million) as strategic investors through this public release.
There are multiple advantages, such as market channels, and it is hoped that future collaboration with companies in a variety of areas, such as main business, financial services, etc., will maximize synergies. Less than $3.17 in cash dividends, and the accumulated profits of the company in the last three years in cash terms will be significant
1. The Annual Report of the Central and Central ISAR Section: High Quality of Operations, with 30 per cent of profits distributed in each of the most recent three years.2 The semi-annual Report of the Central and Central ISAR Section: Overperformance Charges
The profile of the research assistant is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or comments in the report do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.