The proposed introduction of an increase of $6.6 billion in production, with equity plans to guarantee: the company proposes to raise up to $6.6 billion in additional funds for smart manufacturing projects such as excavators, blenders and critical zero components, and to replenish liquidity; and the introduction of the Huaiyan stone, the peace of life,
• Core management buys 1 billion dollars as a battle offer, shows strong confidence, gives a three-year period of cooperation, facilitates companies' access to important strategic resources, and helps them move to one.
To expand new product channels for companies to develop in the long term. Of these, Henan's core management is a limited partnership established to participate in the launch.
It is proposed to invest $3.1 billion in the construction of an excavator smart-making project, with a continuing boom in the excavator industry, and a new growth point in the company’s land-based business. There are now more than 30 agents in the company’s earth-based machinery, with the city’s share of the spare parts going up and down, and the company’s share is expected to increase significantly.
800 million dollars to boost the production of blenders to meet the high demand for environmental protection and treatment. In recent years, national environmental and security policies have been tightened, and engineering and mechanical equipment will be upgraded in the coming years.
2.1 billion are to be invested in building key components to improve integrated competitiveness. Nearly 1.7 billion are to be used for the production of key materials such as high-powered steel and sheeting, and projects for critical hydraulic components will form about 250,000 liquids of all types.
The production capacity of the valves has changed the long-term situation of imports. 2.3 billion to replenish liquidity, three-year shareholder return plans to guarantee a sustained high-scoring bonus.
With high performance in the next three years, the company will still be able to guarantee a sustained high score, reflecting the company's return profit projection and investment rating: concrete machinery plus engineering crane plus tower machine, with a projected doubling of performance and a substantial upward valuation
Strong gas continuity and a concentration of market shares will benefit from a high increase in post-cycle variety sales + rule 3, Central Quality Section (000157): 19 years 1. Core management offers 1 billion dollars as a combat offer to show strong confidence
The company plans to raise up to 6.6 billion more funds for smart manufacturing projects such as excavators, blenders and key parts, and to supplement the flow of capital; and to introduce four battles, namely, the Wei Zing, the Yangtze, the Heinan Cheng and Ningbo Suto.
The three-year period has allowed companies to gain access to important strategic resources, helping them to further expand new product channels, and to develop in the long term. Of these, Henan's core managers, who are part of the company's core management, are co-located to participate in the launch. 2009 to date, the Core Management Holdings platform holds long-term corporate shares and is the only one involved in the company's day-to-day life.
Operating shareholders, as well as equity incentives, have also continued to grow, creating long-term co-benefits with listed companies and their small and medium-sized shareholders. This engagement of the core management as a strategic investor in the purchase of $1 billion indicates that it will continue to hold shares in the company for the long term, demonstrating a high degree of ownership of the company’s value by the core management and a strong commitment to the company’s long-term development.
2. To raise funds for smart manufacturing projects such as excavators, blenders, and key parts, it is proposed to invest $3.1 billion in the construction of excavators and smart manufacturing projects. The excavator industry will continue, and the ground business will become a new growth point for the company.
There is a wide range of needs, such as replacement manual and replacement loaders, and investments in fixed assets, such as downstream infrastructure, are not pessimistic and the industry is expected to continue; the replacement of the foreign brand by the foreign product plate is expected to accelerate, the concentration of the industry increases, and the traditional engineering machines of China and China are expected to take off.
The market network of the former company ' s earth machinery has been restored, with more than 30 agents developed, increasing the city ' s share from less than 1% in the same period in 2019 to 3% at present. 75% of the spare parts to be assembled in this project are backed up by robotics.
In recent years, the country’s environmental and security policies have become more stringent, with concrete-mixed vehicles as an example, and the country’s current holdings of equipment in the Third World and below.
More than 30% of the total, the market will require about 20,000 new blenders per year in 2020-2023, in addition to the need to upgrade replacements. In addition, heavy overloads are prevalent in the mixer transport industry, and the need for compliance trucks will grow rapidly as subsequent governance overloads spread from point to face.
In the coming years, equipment will be upgraded to a peak, and we expect the industry to increase its sales over the next three years at a rate of 2.1 billion to build critical parts and enhance integrated competitiveness. Nearly 1.7 billion of this amount will be used to produce such critical materials as high steel and thin plates.
The implementation of the thump project will result in greater efficiency in manufacturing and greater cost-effectiveness in centralized production. In addition, the key hydraulic units project will generate the production capacity of about 250,000 hydraulic valves of all types, completing the production of the Pumps class, the diggers series and the group.
Complementing the domestic hydraulic valves of other products, changing the long-standing import situation, provides a reliable guarantee that the CCM will obtain high-quality hydraulic valve fittings. 323 million will be used to replenish liquidity, and three-year shareholder return plans will guarantee a sustained high score.
The company issues a shareholder return plan for the next three years to meet the company’s profits of the current year, accumulated undistributed profits to be positive, etc. The accumulated profit distribution in cash over the last three years is not less than 30% of the annual profit distribution that has been achieved in the last three years. We believe that the industry’s performance will increase over the next three years as the company’s lead in the post-cycle of engineering machinery.
4. Profit predictions and investment ratings
The firm-heading of the corporate sector will benefit from high performance elasticity as a result of the higher sales of post-cyclical varieties + the scale effect. The downside risks are macroeconomic.
This round of engineering and machinery recovery has been going on for three years, and, despite the best industrial competition, if demand falls in price wars or lower down payment rates, there will be an increase in global trade disputes over corporate profits and asset quality. International trade protectionism has risen, there is still uncertainty in the trade negotiations between China and the United States, and there is global uncertainty.
The black swan event in the political economy or its negative impact on the globalization of domestic engineering and mechanical enterprises.