The semi-annual performance supermarkets expect that the market position of the company will continue to improve, that demand will remain high in downstream industries, such as new energy sources, and that the company’s core products, concrete pumps, towers, cranes, engineering cranes, orders and sales will continue to grow.
As the scale of sales increases, average production costs and cost rates fall significantly over the same period. Taking advantage of market opportunities to supplement product lines, firms’ market position continues to rise: after the company restarts, core product markets become more competitive and concrete, especially pumps, remain “numbers”
One-to-two, construction crane sales are the world's number-one, and the share of construction cranes is the best in the last five years. In addition, 1704 million excavators were sold in January-June, with the same industry steadily increasing sales driven by excess governance, rising corporate shares, and the company captures the market.
Opportunities, proposed investment in projects such as excavators, blenders, expansion of production capacity to upgrade product lines, development of projects such as increased investment in the manufacturing of excavators, further upgrading of projects such as the integrated competition of companies, the manufacturing of machines, etc.
Li: On 5 July, the company issued a public announcement to integrate the competitiveness of the Huai Qing Bian, the life of the peace, Hainan Jinichi - 2020/07/05 Four subscribers from Shen and Ningbo Sukuto issued no more than 1,249 million shares a at a price
The Central and Central Heavy Section (000157) performance 2020q1 Supermarket expected to continue to benefit from industry landscapes, manufacturing projects, smart manufacturing upgrades of blending-car-type products, and smart manufacturing of key parts and components
Upgrade - 2020/04/29 Project, Key Hydraulic Devices (HV) Smart Manufacturing Project and Supplementing Liquidity.
After this targeted increase in the number of strategic investors, companies will raise the level of intelligent manufacturing, raise core zero more than double, and look at the self-sufficiency of components of the engineering machinery during the season, thereby enhancing the company’s combined competitiveness and promoting its long-term development.
PQC code: PQC code: semi-annual report performance supermarket expectations, company market status continuously improving
Eight years of work in the financial sector, including Robot Trend. Before entering the financial sector, there was a wealth of business experience, production techniques, markets and strategies in the fields of engineering, machinery and automobiles.
The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in July 2017, is good at bottom-up investment opportunities. The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in July 2019, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities based on industrial trends.
He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre and joined the Pacific Securities Association in July 2017.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.