In the first half of the year, corporate performance grew significantly and profitability increased, and capital investment is expected to continue at a high rate in the context of a weak economic recovery; the epidemic has hit the ground.
The impact of the pace of work, q3, will be on schedule, and the volume of engineering machinery sales is expected to continue to grow better in the second half of the year. Currently, the market share of the company’s dominant products continues to grow, new products such as high machines and earth machinery continue to grow in volume, and the company’s product matrix continues to improve; in addition, the company strengthens its information management and operates.
In the second half of the year, companies are expected to continue to improve their profitability by taking more downside measures. The company’s growth rate in the first half of the year was rapid, with a slight decline in the Māori rate: the company released its mid-2020 report, in real dollars.
Millions of dollars, yoy+103.7%, or 0.4%. The company achieved rapid growth in operating income and net profits in the first half of the year, especially as the epidemic eased, downstream engineering started, and q2 managed a faster recovery than it did.
The Department continued to expand the new business section, where the income of high-altitude platforms grew by more than 100 per cent in the first half of the year, and that of farmers.
In the first half of the year, the company’s overall Māori rate was 29.36%, down 0.64 percentage points from the previous year, mainly due to lower prices for product sales during the epidemic and changes in product structure. Since June, the Māori rate has risen.
The Māori rate is expected to remain stable in the second half of the year.
Corporate interest expenditure and exchange losses decreased by $330 million and $350 million respectively, resulting in a 91 per cent decrease in corporate financial costs and a 2.6 percentage point decrease in financial costs. On the management costs side, companies improved efficiency through digital management, resulting in a 2.7 per cent decrease in management costs.
At the end of the second quarter, the number of days a company has decreased by 45.9 per cent, the number of days a company has decreased by 4.24 per cent and the efficiency of its operations has improved. The net operating cash flow of the company has decreased by 58.6 per cent, on the one hand, in the first half of the year.
As a result of the easing of sales policies during the epidemic, receipts are reduced; on the other hand, there is an increase in purchase payments to ensure the availability of spare parts.