Corporate growth continues to be of high quality and robust, with year-round performance, WCSU (000157.sz) achieving 19.761 billion yuan in the second quarter, an increase of 49.19 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother.
Two hundred and ninety-two million dollars, an increase of 90.08 per cent.
Corporate equipment manufacturers have continued to develop with high quality and robust performance in the first half of the year. Although the first half of 2020 was affected by the epidemic, the start of work and the sale of engineering machinery have declined to varying degrees in the first quarter of the year, the country has resumed work and resumed production rapidly, while it has experienced a sharp increase in equipment.
During the reporting period, the company sold its engineering and machinery products, which led to an increase in the scale of sales of engineering crane products, and cars.
The share of the crane market continued to rise steadily in the first half of 2020, and the market position was further strengthened; the first half of the year's earnings on the crane doubled and the share of the domestic market ranked first in the industry;
The share of the field continues to rise, and the industry has a strong leader. Moreover, the share of the company’s concrete machinery market has increased significantly, with the share of the long-arm pump and vehicle pump still in the forefront of the industry; the advantage of the lightly quantified product of the blending vehicle has been highlighted, with the market share rising to the top three in the industry.
There has been a steady increase in profitability and a significant increase in net interest rates on corporate sales. Companies have fully deepened cost-control, with significant efficiency gains in the first half of the year, with a Māori sales rate of 29.36 per cent, or a percentage point.
More than 3.7 percentage points have contributed positively to the increase in the net profitability of companies. Companies have introduced “end-to-end management models” supported by the Internet and big data platforms to simplify the interface between businesses and customers, resulting in a significant decline in sales costs.
Increased efficiency in the use of funds and lower levels of indebtedness, resulting in a significant decrease of 91.03 per cent in financial costs on a year-on-year basis.
In addition, companies have identified a strategic shift from traditional to high-tech agricultural machines, focusing on the upgrading of core products and consolidating market advantages.
It also continues to deepen the use of artificial intelligence, building three platforms: agro-industrial Internet, artificial intelligence, data, and intelligent agriculture, and promoting the landing of artificial intelligence in the field of agricultural machinery. Concrete machinery is used as a later-cycle product of engineering machinery, or will follow the process of updating and replacing it.
With the heavy scrutiny of concrete vehicles and the gradual recovery of demand after the outbreak, we believe that the company, as the lead firm for concrete machinery products, is expected to make a significant gain, with a year-round increase of more than 10% in concrete machinery products. The crane business, as the company’s fist, will continue to be a national leader, while at the same time maintaining a “one-size-fits-all” position.
Under the differentiated market strategy of “a regional approach”, the export earnings of cranes are expected to continue to grow in reverse, with year-round performance being associated with the volatility of the concrete machinery industry, the failure of high-altitude platforms to expand to the expected risks, and market competition increasing the risk.