20H1 performance exceeded expectations and post-cycle flagship growth was highly certain Events: company H1 achieved a revenue of 28.8 billion in 2020, compared with 29% in 2020, net profit for mothers was 4.02 billion in 2020, compared with 56% in comparison with 3.51 billion net profit for non-returned mothers, compared with 66% in comparison with 10 shares for all shareholders.
▪ Significant growth in income from main-sector products, benefiting from high industry performance + higher share
Growth of 15 per cent, 39 per cent, 34 per cent over the same period, and continued rapid growth in the sale of major products, mainly benefiting from the continuation of the landscape in the engineering and machinery industry + higher corporate share: 1) downstream has been in a post-epidemiological state since the second quarter; capital, real estate investments
The rate of increase begins to warm; the peak of product renewal in the post-cycle, accompanied by environmental policies that continue to support product renewal, perpetuates the landscape of the engineering and machinery industry. (2) The share of heavy and concrete machinery in the domestic market continues to rise, with cars taking a heavy toll.
The market rate continued to rise steadily, with the engine-carrier revenues doubling and the market share being the highest in the country; tower sales were at an all-time high, and the share of the world's first-highest base was still rising; concrete machines had a large arms pump in their machinery, and the market share of vehicle pumps remained stable at the top of the industry, with a light-quantified product.
The market share has risen to the top three in the industry. 3) The potential market for earth machinery, high-altitude platforms, etc., has broken fast. In January-June, the company sold 3,534, a jump to the seventh place on the national product plate; and the first half of the year of high-altitude platforms.
In addition, agricultural machinery earns $1.06 billion, or +15.8 per cent, ending the 17-year decline.
Interest rates, which we judge to be mainly the period of roll-out and release of new products, have had some impact on the Māori rate. -3.7 pct, which has good control over the administrative, financial, and sales rates, and which have been extended to product lines respectively, resulting in a streamlining of staff, a marked decrease in the administrative and sales costs;2
Efficiency in the use of corporate funds was optimized, debt was reduced in mid-2019, combined with an optimisation of the 2020h1 exchange gains and losses, resulting in a reduction of financial costs by more than 1 pcc on a year-on-year basis.
169 days, 33 days in the same year, and operating capacity is close to the level of the previous cycle, mainly because the company maintains a more stringent credit policy, raises the speed of collection and significantly improves its operating capacity.
Risk, pre-positioning, and substantial increases in procurement payments. ▪ The year-round outlook will continue, post-cycle product growth will be high, capital and real estate investments will begin to improve, and the epidemic will affect capital investments throughout the year.
1. Central Intensive Section (000157): reported; and company concrete and tower product h1 production capacity limited, h2 delayed demand, performance forecast over-expected, post-cycle tap estimate
So we think that sales will be more sustainable in the second half of the year than last year. Moreover, the middle-end back-product landscape will be more pronounced, with companies leading the middle-end back-products, with their performance still expected to grow beyond expectations in the second half of the year.
With the persistence and market concentration of concrete + engineering cranes + towers, companies will benefit from higher performance due to higher sales of varieties in the post-cycle + the impact of scale.
Compared to listed companies, we think that the companype valuation was underestimated, we gave the 2020 target valuation, we doubled the expected performance, and the valuation was substantially revised upwards.
Figure 1: Income from H1 in 2020 was $28.8 billion, corresponding to +29 per cent, figure 2: Net return profit from H1 in 2020 was $4.02 billion, compared to 56 per cent, figure 4: Good control capacity, increased R & D costs for new product development
Figure 3: Sustained increase in profitability Figure 5: Higher turnover of accounts receivable compared to the same period last year Figure 6: Advance stocking by companies, resulting in a temporary decline in net operating cash flows
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board