The company is about to raise up to $6.6 billion in private shares, and it's expected to release the shares \triangleright.
Upgraded projects, 1.3 billion yuan for smart manufacturing projects for key spare parts, 250 million dollars for smart manufacturing projects for key hydraulic devices (hydral valves), and 2.3 billion dollars to supplement liquidity. Through this launch, the company will introduce strategic investors such as Huai Bien Pil, Pil, Heinan Jing and Ning Bo Sumito, which will facilitate the expansion of the company’s financial and industrial resources, such as the cumulative management of capital investments of up to $50 billion, which can be implemented with listed companies in the areas of industry resources, regional resources, and investment.
With one step of synergy, Ningbo Seto, based on the background of the five mines in China, can introduce new industries for listed companies in the areas of metallurgical engineering, real estate construction, etc. \triangleright excavators, which are expected to be a new growth pole. Since 2020, our sales of excavators have continued to grow at a rapid rate, with the sale of excavators increasing in May.
The listed company has also made a leap forward this year, with the construction of the first five months of the company’s excavations, which have been built for 1.33 years. We believe that with the progressive release of the company’s excavator capacity, the future stock of the company’s excavators is expected to rise one step further, and that the company’s mining machine’s Māori ratio is expected to improve significantly and become the growth pole of the company’s new business.
Concrete machinery is in high demand and raises the intellectual manufacturing of blenders. According to our grass roots research, pump sales grew by more than 30% in January-May this year, and \triangleright Liu Zonwu Industrial Research Assistant for Mechanical Equipment
The company, as the leader of the domestic concrete machinery, pumped and blended cars this year at a higher rate than the industry, with a steady increase in the market for concrete machinery. The demand for blended vehicles is expected to increase steadily over the next 2-3 years, as a result of a combination of upgrading, tightening emission standards and overloading governance. According to the company announcement, the market will grow steadily over and above the need for replacements in 2020-2023.
This fund-raising company is expected to invest $830 million in a mixer-type smart manufacturing upgrade project, which will further enhance the company’s competitiveness in the area of blending vehicles. Enhancing the building of spare parts to capture the core of the entire industrial chain competition.
Sinda Securities Co., Ltd., Ltd.; 443 million dollars is expected to be invested in critical hydraulic device (HFC) smart manufacturing projects. As the global engineering and machinery market becomes more competitive, companies become more competitive.
The smart manufacturing of existing core parts will further enhance their competitiveness. High steel, thinboards, are an essential component of the company's products, such as excavators, cranes, pumps, high-altitude operations, machines, etc.
At present, our high-end hydraulics are still dependent on imports, and the construction of this hydraulic device intelligence project will improve the current import dependence of high-end hydraulic products of the company, enhance its resilience to risks and enhance its core competitiveness.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CSS, and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.