Over-expected performance in the first half of the year and re-launching of the engineering machinery tap -- Central United Heavy Section (000157.sz) Summer relief
The reasons for the over-performance of the six-month period include, inter alia: (a) the resilience of the industry during the first half of the year, the steady growth in the resumption of work after the outbreak, and the high demand for downstream purchases represented by the capital. (b) the company ' s cranes, concrete machines and machinery are the product of a pro-cyclical engineering machine, which has been the product of the industry since its recovery in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Performance is expected to stick to the excavator. (c) The company strengthens supply chain management, tightens expenditure on costs and significantly decreases in average production costs and cost rates on a scale-based basis. (d) Effectively improves the efficiency of the use of funds, resulting in higher net returns on investment.
Five projects are to be published in public, with strategic investors being introduced. The company is to make a public call for more than $6.6 billion, with five projects: (a) a project to excavate mechanical intelligence (total investment of $3083 million/total investment of $2.4 billion); and (b) a project to upgrade smart manufacturing of blended-car-type products (total investment).
Investment in 829.8 million yuan/investment in the collection of 350 million yuan) (c) key spare parts smart manufacturing projects (1.668 billion yuan/investment in the collection of 1.3 billion yuan) (d) critical hydraulic components (hydral valves) smart construction projects (442.6 million yuan/investment in the mobilization of 250 million yuan) (e) supplementary liquidity of 2.3 billion yuan
The company is going to introduce as strategic investors a number of advantages, including industrial resources, market channels, etc.
In the future, synergies are expected to be fully realized with companies in a variety of areas, such as primary business, financial services, and less than $3.17 in cash dividends, and the accumulated profits of the company in cash over the last three years.
30 per cent of the annual distribution of profits achieved in the last three years.2 The Annual Report of the Central and Heavy Sections: High Quality of Operations, 3 and the semi-annual Report of the Central and Heavy Sections: Overperformance Charges
The profile of the research assistant is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or comments in the report do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.