The company issued a non-public offer for 2020: the company intends to release a stock not more than $1.25 billion in private shares to four selected investors in Huai Qing, Hainan Qing and Bosumito for a price of $5.28 per share.
A total of up to $6.60 billion will be used to excavate mechanical intelligence projects, smart manufacturing upgrading projects for hybrid-type products, smart manufacturing projects for key parts and components, smart manufacturing projects for key hydraulic components (hydral valves) and additional liquidity. To catch up on new opportunities in the engineering and machinery industry, a large-scale increase will help to fill the small surface machinery panels.
The total amount of equity raised does not exceed $6.8 billion, of which $2.4 billion is spent on engineering projects. Three hundred and fifty million dollars is spent on projects to upgrade intelligent manufacturing of hybrid-type products, 1.3 billion on smart manufacturing projects for key spare parts, 250 million on carbon-key waste-pressure components (hydral valves), and 2.3 billion dollars on external liquidity. This is an extension of the company's “242+2” strategy to the “four new” long-term development plan, which, when completed, will contribute to a significant increase in corporate intellectual manufacturing, a reduction in external dependence on core parts, a further reduction in efficiency gains, an increase in the company's integrated competitiveness, and the strategic objective of a company's sustainable and high-quality operation.
In the absence of full solidification, a large-scale plan to increase the size of the company ' s land-based machinery development, a significant increase in the capacity of excavators and production, a build-up of the company ' s years of technological deposition and the layout and optimization of the national distribution network over the last two years, we believe that the company ' s market share is expected to reach the top three in the industry for the next three to five years, and that the rapid development of excavators will result in a significant increase in the company ' s performance.
The introduction of battle investments will help promote high-quality company development on a sustainable basis, and the hard-core management buy-outs will show confidence in future world-class equipment-making leading companies. The four strategic investors brought in have advantages in terms of product technology research and development, new market expansion, business management, etc.
Cooperation in the areas of upgrading, financial services, and the promotion of long-term, high-quality corporate development. Henan's ownership platform for the core management of the company.
In the medium-to-long term, this increase will help to boost the company’s eps significantly, and to maintain a sustained high-scoring plan in the context of high-speed development. At the level of vacations or so, the corresponding company’s annual sales of excavators are estimated at about 35,000 units, at an average sales price of 400,000 units per station.
The profit level of the company, measured at 12% net profit, is equivalent to 1.68 billion yuan, a significant increase in corporate pss over the 2019 net return profit of about 38% compared to the 2019 increase. While taking into account sustainable, high-quality development, the company's three traditional core products of engineering machinery continue to guarantee a leading industry in terms of growth in performance, with high certainty and low-cyclical fluctuations helping the company.
The company’s three traditional core products, engineering cranes, concrete machines, tower lifts, are clearly post-cycle properties, are expected to remain high over the next 2-3 years, its products are competitive and its management is optimized, its market share is rising, and its medium- and post-cycle products are high and its market share is rising to protect the firm’s industry.
The firm’s valuation is now significantly lower than that of the major competitors in the industry, and we believe that the company’s valuation is clearly underestimated by the market and that there is much room for improvement at the centre of future valuations: (a) high performance elasticity, high certainty and high quality indicators are the scarce variety of pre-investment investments, high investment prices compared to their peers and other industries, and consistently higher performance.
Based on the market price collection of 3 July 2020, the company ' s valuation returns to a reasonable hub; 2) the company ' s market share of core products continues to rise, reflecting the company ' s overall competition and industry ' s rising position; 3) the new business is expanding well and the diggers are starting to make a major breakthrough in 2020.
Breaks, high-altitude platforms continue to grow high, agricultural machinery is expected to begin to lose, and overseas operations are on their way. The market space is wide in these new areas, the dynamism of the new business helps open up the room for long-term growth of the company, smooths down the domestic plant, the cycle of the mechanical industry, and a small positive increase in corporate performance during the quarter when the epidemic affects the industry as a whole.
Longer is a good stress test, and the low-cyclical volatility of sustainable development is supposed to provide a price premium. Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd. is not as fast as expected in global epidemic control, downstream recovery is not as fast as expected, industry competition is increasing, and capital and real estate investments are not being made.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy.