Centre for the Study of High-end Equipment Manufacturing and New Materials
The company announced its mid-2020 performance forecast, with a net profit of $3.8-42 billion expected to return to the mother in the first half of the year. 1) The first six months of the crane have seen a two-fold boom in production, and the view of the tower market has continued to rise. Sales in the auto crane industry have stagnated in April and increased by 39% in May.
5. Post-Engineering Product, pc tower, with a low base in the third quarter of 2019, and the crane lags behind the excavator in the order in which it was started, with the capital increase coming back, the three-quarter crane will continue its trend and achieve higher growth.
According to the Securities Times, in mid-May, the stock sales of the Quetta were 67% higher than in the same year, a record high, and the demand for the towers is still high.
2) The market for pumpers and blenders in concrete machinery continues to rise. We expect the company to increase its sales of pumps by about 50% in the first half of the year, the market for pumpers by about 40%, and the market for blenders by leading the industrial base for blending car smarts, which will help to improve product competitiveness, and the market by about 50% in the first half of the year.
Wang Huajun 3) The future is expected to be a new growth point for the indigenous machinery. This time, the company’s share will be higher than in the first half of the year. The company’s share will be higher than in the first half of the year.
2%, expected to exceed 3% in the year, will be a powerful newcomer to the excavator industry. An additional $6.6 billion will be raised, mainly for projects such as the mining of mechanical intelligence and the manufacturing of critical parts and components of hydraulics.
The plan is to raise up to $6.6 billion from four specific targets, namely, Huai Kikushi, Taiping, Heinanzheng and Ningbo Sumito. The fund-raising is for mechanical intelligence projects ($2.4 billion), critical components smart manufacturing projects ($1.3 billion) and so on. Heinan's running part of the company's core.
The limited partnership established by managers to participate in this issue, which is an additional $1 billion, reflects management’s confidence in the future development of the company. Investments in capital estates have fallen short of expectations; sales in selected product industries have declined; and new products have not expanded as expected.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market