A revised version of the program is in place, with long-term firm confidence.
• To adjust the distribution, pricing, etc., in the light of the current changes in the capital market policy environment and taking into account the realities of the company.
The main adjustment would be: to raise $6.6 billion at a lock price from the original shares to four strategic investors, to be issued jointly; to raise $5.6 billion at a check point for no more than 35 specific investors; and to raise RMB 1 billion at $586 Hong Kong Dollars/Equals for the participation of management.
The locks have been changed from 18 months to 6 months on request, and the project has remained essentially unchanged and is intended for smart manufacturing projects such as excavators, blenders, and key parts. The market network for company earth machinery has now been restored, with the market for excavators having been established from 2019.
In the same period, less than 1% has risen to 2-3%. The mixer car benefits from environmental protection and treatment demand, and the company’s market share is rising rapidly.
The core management of both previous and subsequent programmes subscribes to RMB 1 billion, the amount of which remains unchanged, and it is expected that they will also hold long-term shares in the company, bind shareholder interests, and lay the groundwork for a subsequent request for issuance. We believe that the adjustment to the proposed increase will mainly respond to the current capital market policy environment.
Change, company medium- and long-term planning, and firm confidence in the future remain.  Performance level: the share of the industry rises, and the rate of growth is expected to accelerate in the second half of the year; sustained recovery of capital estates in the second half of the year; opening hours of excavators, cranes, concrete machines, etc.
The industry’s market share has increased further, and we expect the domestic market to grow q3 more than q2, with faster performance expected in the second half of the year.  Prospective earnings and investment ratings:
Concrete + engineering cranes + towers have a strong and consistent post-cycle variety and market concentration, and companies will benefit from the high sales of post-cycle varieties + high performance due to the scale effect, compared to listed companies, which we believe are undervalued, and we give the 2020 target estimate.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. already has a securities investment advisory board.