In the first half of the year, there was a rapid increase in corporate performance and a 90.1 per cent increase in net return profits in the second quarter. In the first half of 2020, the company achieved a revenue of 28.830 billion yuan, a 29.5 per cent increase in the same year; and a net return of 40.2 per cent.
During the second quarter, the company achieved 19.760 billion yuan in revenue, an increase of 49.2 per cent over the same period; and a net return profit of 29.9 billion yuan, an increase of 90.1 per cent over the same period.
There is a huge increase in production and demand, with some products rising prices. The volume of orders for products such as company cranes, concrete machines, etc. has continued to grow, sales have been strong, market shares have continued to rise, and the performance of the camps has grown rapidly in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the public but net interest rate and the Roe level continued to rise. In the first half of the year, the company’s sales/management costs/intelligent manufacturing levels were constantly raised, while expenditure on costs was strictly controlled, and as the scale of the sale increased, it was flat.
In the first half of the year, companies collected concrete/heavy/other and agricultural machinery, respectively.
The share of the heavy-lift market has steadily increased; the income of the mounted crane has doubled, and the share of the domestic market has been ranked first in the industry: construction cranes have been sold at an all-time high, and sales have remained the world’s largest.
It's clear that the market share has risen to the top three in the industry. The company's sales of machinery in the first half of the year have risen to the seventh place in the country's product, and it's got an initial advantage. The company's high-altitude platform has taken the lead in launching full-scale exchanges within the industry.
The company is one of the leading firms in the engineering and machinery industry in the country. We expect the company to have a depth 300 index for the “market index” of this rating system.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.