In the first half of the year, there was a high performance growth and a high growth rate in the company, Nero, which achieved a high performance growth in the first half of the year, of which q2 achieved income of $19.76 billion, a year-on-year increase.
The volume of concrete and crane sales and income grew high, and the second half of the year was sustained by major shareholders (2020h1) in different products. The first half of the year, the concrete machinery generated $8,637 million in revenues, a year-on-year increase.
Hong Kong’s central accounting (agents) is limited in 15.3%, and revenue increases are lower than sales increases, mainly because part of the purchase orders do not recognize income (weaking stations are more affected) and overseas companies are experiencing negative increases in the impact of the epidemic.
The share of the pump market continues to be in the top of the industry: the advantage of light quantitative product mixers is highlighted, and the market share has risen to the top three. The first half of the year, when cranes achieved revenues of $15.339 billion, an increase of 39.4 per cent compared with the previous year, the share of the car crane market rose significantly in 2019 and in 2020.
The first half of the year continued to rise steadily; the first half of the year, the first half of the year, the first half of the year, the domestic market, was ranked first in the industry; the construction crane continued to be a leader in the industry. We expect that the second half of the post-cycle varieties of concrete and towers will be sold better than the first half of the year, and the company will still be able to do so in the second half of the year.
Excavators and high-altitude platforms are growing businesses for companies that have advanced industry in terms of product efficiency, fuel consumption and manipulation of excavators in the e-10 series.
The company will grow up in the future. The high-altitude machine delivers new items such as the long-metre-band high-altitude level, which has been widely well received; sales in the first half of the year have increased by the same amount.
Over 100 per cent, the market share remained steady at the top of the industry, maintaining the company's “growth” rating.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.