Reported over-expected performance, low valuation of post-cycle flagships, 14 July 2020 event: company ' s reported performance forecast, expected net return to mother ' s profit of $3.8-42 billion in the first half of the year, same
(i) Post-cycle varieties are experiencing recovery peaks as the epidemic affects them, traditional engineering machinery moves after the season, and the sales of q2 engineering machinery are rising strongly as the resumption of work throughout the country since March and the demand for looters everywhere;
(2) The company ' s main variety of concrete machinery, towers, and engineering cranes are all of the post-cycle varieties, and this year has reached a peak of replacement, and we expect the company to pump and mix vehicles in concrete machinery during the first half of the year (3) to pay for the costs under the scale effect through enhanced supply chain management and cost control
The rate improvement is clear, and we expect net interest rates to rise by 1-2 pct in the first half of the year.  Focusing on the fastest-growing engineering and machinery industry in the next two years, releasing high-elastic performance.
Third, the tower crane ranks first, with its main business being the post-cycle product of engineering machinery, which is expected to be the fastest growing plant in the last two years. The three operations accounted for 83 per cent of total revenue in 2019, with the Central Union benefiting significantly from the post-cycle product recovery peak.
The net interest rate and the size of the income of the company are on the same upward trend, with a strong flagship effect. With higher product sales in the next week, we expect that the size of the company’s income will continue to grow significantly over the last two years, and that the net interest rate is expected to rise further with improved supply and demand in the industry and the effects of firm size.
• A three-year shareholder return plan that guarantees a sustained high score increase has recently been issued by companies to raise up to 6.6 billion dollars for smart manufacturing projects such as excavators, blenders and critical parts, and to replenish the flow of capital.
Of these, Heinan’s core business manager holds the stock. This core management, which is involved as a strategic investor in the subscription of 1 billion dollars, indicates that long-term corporate shares will continue to be held, demonstrating a strong commitment to the company’s long-term development.
Every 10 shares is given a cash bonus of at least $3.17, and in the last three years there have been few high scores in the arms industry that have been accumulated in cash. We believe that the company, as the leader of the post-engineering cycle, the industry landscape will drive high growth over the next three years, while the company will still be able to guarantee a sustained high score.
1. The Central Intensive Section (000157): The determination to induce the company to return its shareholders is set to increase production by 6.6 billion, and the shareholders return.
• Prospective and investment ratings: Crecture machines + engineering cranes + tower machines with a strong post-cycle landscape with a strong and consistent market share and firm corporate leadership
We think that the companype valuation was significantly underestimated, and we gave the 2020 target an 11-fold valuation.