The company recently released its semi-annual report for 2020, during which it achieved operating income.
(hksccnomineeslim’s dominant product is growing steadily and has a strong leader: corporate lifting machines, concrete (yoy+0.34 pct) in the first half of the year.
Stable growth, with profit-rate levels largely stable in the wake of the epidemic. Corporate competitive advantage is further enhanced, construction-uplifting machinery sales remain the world's number one, market share continues to rise, and the leader is strong; concrete long-arm pump, vehicle-loading market share is steady in the industry.
The market value of the circulationa share (millions of dollars) increases the market share of the mixer vehicle to the top three.The cost rate has dropped significantly, and management capacity has been upgraded: companies have strengthened supply chain management and security.
In the first half of the year, the cost of the company was 13.2 per cent, a decrease of 3.7 pct over the same period.
Research and development costs increased by 1.6 pct over the same period. Corporate receivables and inventory turnover increased by 0.18 and 0.06 respectively in the first half of the year, and corporate asset liquidity has improved consistently since 2016.
The industrial landscape continues with high corporate elasticity: in the context of monetary policy easing and “two new ones”-related projects, the continuity of the engineering and machinery industry is expected to be more than anticipated. The company’s products are now mainly in the post-concrete cycle, cranes, etc.
The company’s main product is expected to reach a peak as the old aircraft has been replaced at a peak and as the environmental upgrading, road-surplus, boosted assembly, construction and other regulatory policies move forward. In addition, the country is expected to reach a peak in the sale of the company’s main product.
There is a continuing increase in the importance of agriculture, and opportunities for the agro-machinery sector are beginning to emerge. Companies are expected to maintain a high degree of elasticity in their performance, which is expected to grow faster than the industry average in 2020.
Risk factors: Real estate, capital investment do not grow as fast as expected; fitting building promotion does not do so; engineering machinery is not upgraded as fast as expected; market competition increases wind risks; raw material price volatility risks.
At the income-side, corporate operating income has recovered continuously since 2017, reaching $28,827 million in 2020, an increase of 29.5 per cent over the same period. Companies recovered to $4,018 million in the first half of 2020, a significant increase of 56.0 per cent over the same period.
The company’s performance continued to grow steadily and rapidly at a high base for the same period the previous year. By branch of business, the company’s scale of sales of engineering and machinery led to an increase in the industry, the volume of sales of construction and machinery was maintained at the top of the globe, and the market position for concrete machinery was maintained at “one-to-two” levels.
The potential product has broken out rapidly, raising sales in the first half of the year to the seventh place in the national product plate, and in June to the fifth place in the national product plate; sales in the first half of the year on high-altitude platforms have increased by more than 100 per cent on a year-on-year basis and the market share has remained steady in the first line of the industry. In the first half of 2020, corporate cranes and concrete machines achieved operating revenues of $15.339 billion, respectively.
In the first half of 2020, the cost for the company was 13.21%, a decrease of 3.71pc from the previous year.
This continued to improve, with corporate turnover and inventory turnover rates of 1.07 and 1.63 in the first half of 2020, respectively, increasing by 0.18, 0.06 per cent. The net operating cash flow of companies in the first half of 2020 was $1,479 million, a decrease of 58.6 per cent in the same year, mainly due to an increase in procurement payments.
Corporate business management capacity, risk control capacity, resource synergy, market leadership, net interest rates are steadily rising, profitability is increasing, operating cash flows are abundant, business indicators are consistently healthy and the performance of the public sector is increasing in quality.
In the context of monetary policy easing and “two new ones”-related projects, the continuity of the landscape of the engineering and machinery industry is expected to be higher than expected. The company’s products are now mainly of post-cycle varieties such as concrete machinery, cranes, etc., with the peak of the replacement of the old aircraft and the advancement of regulatory policies such as environmental upgrading, road overloading, promotion of assembly buildings, etc.
In addition, the country’s focus on agriculture has continued to rise, and opportunities for the agricultural industry’s potential have begun to emerge. Companies are expected to maintain a high degree of elasticity in their performance, which is expected to grow faster in 2020 than at the firm’s “growth” rating.
Real estate, capital investment have increased at a slower rate than expected; assembly construction has expanded at less than expected risk; engineering machinery has been upgraded at less than expected risk; market competition has increased risk; and raw material price price volatility risks.