National cash vouchers Securities Centre for the Study of High-end Equipment Manufacturing and New Materials
An increase of $6.6 billion plus excavators, and management's acceptance of $1 billion in confidence.
Target-specific fund-raising does not exceed $6.6 billion for mechanical intelligence projects and critical zeros. Strong growth - CFEP. 2020.4.2 Fund-raising is mainly for mechanical intelligence manufacturing and the manufacturing of critical parts of hydraulics.
The company issued a plan to raise up the amount of $6.6 billion for four specific targets, each of which represents a proportion of the total of $6.6 billion.
Fund-raising for the excavation of mechanical intelligence projects (2.4 billion) Pc tower machines, critical components smart manufacturing projects ($1.3 billion), critical hydraulic components (hydroval valves)
The core management subscribes to $1 billion, and management is confident about the company’s future development.
This is an increase of $1 billion. The participation of the core management in this non-public release helps to raise the value of corporate brands and to highlight the value of corporate investment: it helps listed companies to tap fully into talent resources, stimulates internal dynamism and improves corporate governance; and it reflects management confidence in the future development of the company.
The company's performance is expected to be high in the first quarter of the second quarter, with the mid-reported growth ahead of the three main mainframes. We, Wang Huajun, expect the company's performance to be ahead of the 31st and 1nd quarter of the second.
The speed of growth is expected to be more than 50%. 1) Lifter machines: the first six months of the cranes were sold twice, and the tower market continued to rise. According to company officials, the company’s large-ton crane order is scheduled for next year; in May, the car crane was produced and sold 53% higher than its peak in 2019.
Upon the rise, the boom in the tower market continued to rise. 2) Concrete machinery: The company's projected increase in pump sales in the first half of the year. The company's excavator market is close to 3 per cent, and the subsequent advantage is evident, with the increase in scale effects and the soundness of the service system, the future excavator business is expected to become a new growth point for the company.
Corporate confidence in the performance of 2020-2022 has been strong. Investments in capital estates have fallen short of expectations; sales in selected product industries have declined; and new products have not expanded as expected.
Appendix I: Increase in the availability of relevant data Figure 3: An important stock structure in Hainan, predominantly corporate core managers Appendix: Summary of projections in three statements
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: