Mid-2021: High performance reported, steady quality of operations
▪ Events: During the first half of the year, Central Hing achieved business income of $5.3071 billion, an increase of 12.44 per cent, a net return profit of $4.079 billion, an increase of 119.60 per cent, a net gain of $119.60 per cent, a net return to the mother, and a sustained increase in revenue generated by technology: in the first half of 2021, communications in China were based on quality
Growth, based on technological innovation, adherence to technological competitiveness, and active promotion of business expansion, with current operating income of $5.307 billion, yoy+12.44 per cent; net profit return of $4.079 billion, with 5g, new capital development opportunities, market pattern and share upgrading: firm cohesion
Focus, based on technological innovation, emphasis on the quality of business and active promotion of business expansion, achieved RMB 53,071 million in business earnings for h1 companies in 2021, an increase of 12.44 per cent compared to the previous year; growth in revenues from government and consumer operations was higher than in the same period in the previous year, with operating networks earning more than in the same period in the previous year
• Accelerating digital innovation and harnessing opportunities for digital economic development: companies insist on a 5g-centred development strategy, actively participate in global 5g building, work on experience, performance and energy efficiency excellence commercial networks, arithmetic facilities and end-products, and work on digital innovation transformation.
The Division has made breakthroughs in various areas of technological innovation. The company focuses on the key technologies for process-wide ownership and continuously improves product competitiveness in the field of ip through self-researching chips, software and hardware platforming, providing solutions that can be programmed from wan (urban + backbone)/dc end-to-end srv6.
According to the rapid development of the Centre ' s operations, the traditional data centre programme was broken by a 40 per cent reduction in the delivery cycle, 1, Middle Hing News (000063), 1 ball has more than 300 project cases, more than 100,000 racks are deployed, and the office space is larger
The company, as a major contributor and participant in 5g technology research, standard-setting, has signed a strategic cooperation agreement.
As of 30 June 2021, there were about 80,000 global patent applications, and over the years, the cumulative global roll-on of the car network business, 2021-08, and about 40,000 patents. Of these, nearly 4,400 chips patent applications were granted, with the authorized chip patent agreement.
Communications: report of over-reporting, 5g operations uphill, and second-curve operations such as political and business enterprises.
We're continuing to make steady progress, and we're maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
In mid-2021, the China-China newsletter announced that it had achieved business income of 53,071 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 12.44 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of 4,079 million yuan, an increase of 119.60 per cent in the same year, a net loss to the mother of 2,112 million yuan in the same year, and, in the first half of 2021, an increase in the quality of communication based on technological innovation and a focus on technological competitiveness.
For billions of yuan, yoy+24.88 per cent, ring +2.24 per cent; for the reporting period, the company achieved a net return profit of $4.079 billion, and for yoy cash flows, the net cash flow generated by the company ' s operations in the first half of 2021 was $7.028 billion, compared with the increase in cash received for labour.
Figure 3: Māori rates and net interest rates for central communications sales (%) Figure 4: Cash flows for central communications (billions, %) 1.1. Increased cost spending and sustained R&D investment
In the first half of 2021, the company’s R & D costs amounted to $8,861 million, representing an overall stabilization of the company’s cost-control capacity compared to the first half of 2020 (6,638 million R & D costs) and an overall decline in financial costs. In the first half of 2021, the company’s sales, we believe, will increase its cost-control capacity further as the company’s size expands.
The number of operators investing in the 5g network continues to grow. The company maintains a focus on the main business, with RMB billion, an increase of 12.44% over the previous year; the revenues from government and consumer business have increased over the same period, and the network of operators has grown.
Financial, Internet, large-scale enterprises, relying on “creature cloud networks” and “enabling platforms”, are actively setting up new infrastructure, 5g applications, and the digital transformation of enterprises, with significant overall business growth.
A series of 5g mobile phones, of which axon 30ultra5g is carrying a four-column video system of trio film; 5g is moving Internet products across over 30 countries and territories cumulatively; and household information terminals and integration innovation terminals continue to be a global leader in the industry.
During the first half of 2021, the company operator network earned $35.52 billion, compared to 2020 h1 (innovated products and programmes developed by operators, active participation in global 5g construction, modernization of 4g, enabling operators to build high-capacity and efficient wireless networks; technological advantages in cable products were gradually emerging and the domestic international market was better organized.
With the large-scale deployment of 5g on a full series of end-to-end products, the luminous network operator market continues to lead; in video products, the total capacity of video system users exceeds 200 million and the market share continues to rise.
The company is actively involved in building a global 5g network of experiences, performance and energy efficiency excellence, arithmetic facilities and end-products, road-building digital economies.
The key technology that the company focuses on is a process-wide, process-driven design that continues to be at the core of the chip, architecture, architecture, and advanced.
In the area of ip, companies continuously improve product competitiveness by self-researching chips, software and hardware platforming, and providing wan.
In the area of fixed network access, olt (light circuit terminal) was the first to create a high-end router platform based on a cosmopolitan structure. The light access flag ship Titan was twice as integrated as industry. As of 30 June 2021, the group was ponolt.
The port has accumulated more than 24 million global shipments, with more than 40% of the market share of all three major domestic operators, with more than 40% of the new market share in the gigagram of light access products (10 gpon). The full modular data centre leads the digital transformation of the industry.
Core, breaking through the fetters of the traditional data centre programme and building a future-oriented prefabricated data centre solution, with a shorter delivery cycle of 40 per cent, a reduction of 30 per cent in initial investments, and a digitalization of enablers from green, reliable, fast, intelligent sources. As of 30 June 2021, the Group ' s data centre product had more than 300 items globally.
As a major contributor and participant in 5g technology research and standard-setting, the company, as of 30 June 2021, had about 80,000 global patent applications, cumulatively awarded worldwide over the years.
In the first half of the year, a company won the twenty-second China Patent Gold Award, the only gold prize in the communications industry. 3. Profit forecasting and investment ratings continue to progress steadily in new capital, and we maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board