On July 15th, 2021, China's official communication number, China's one gas and China's communications (000063.sz)
In Changchun, the news signed an agreement to deepen strategic cooperation in a number of areas, such as auto electronics, where the director-general of car electronics lines, Gu Yongjung, also attends the signing ceremony. China’s one-air and Chinese communications will cooperate deeply around core ict technologies, such as autopilot.
\triangleright’s communications with China’s one-breathing gas are in close cooperation in five major areas of business, namely automobile electronics, the 5g industry, product services, digitalization and branding.
Co-operation in core technology, particularly in the area of chips and basic software, focusing on car-wide intelligence, cockpit, autopilot, building software from a variety of sources, such as chip definition, architecture design, algorithms and ip embedding, testing certificates, vehicle operating systems, virtualization software, software intermediates, etc.
Defining the competitiveness of automobile-era products. Core conclusion: We believe that the boom in ict technology has accumulated, that there has been many years of research and development in the area of car electronics, that the concept of car electronics is “integrated”, and that the boom in cooperation with a steam is likely to be the target.
The Jing project, with its demonstration effect, is expected to be a national car company, especially a head car, and Jiang Ying, one of China's national brand top car companies, working with Naking, is expected to be a sticker project.
One of the most powerful automobile companies in China’s automobile industry, which has grown over 60 years, has become a large, State-owned group of 3 million cars produced annually. Red flag cars, as high-end brands under the Chinese one-breath flag, are divided into four series under the l/s/h/q series.
In the course of China's cooperation with China's central communications industry, on the one hand, communications flourished in the area of 5g, smart cars, and many operations continued to fall - years ago, with deep technological deposits in areas such as autopilot, operating systems, etc., which helped to boost the intelligence of a single gas.
The Smartnet series (1) advances in the area of automobiles; on the other hand, China’s one-breathing capacity for vehicle development, manufacturing and marketing is expected to compensate for the lack of communications in traditional automobile operations.
"Change News: Overperformance, R & D Powerful and Profiting Increasing" "Changing Communication: Overperformance, Profitability."
2021.7.10 Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd.
Building No. 1 of 9 Downtown West Side, Beijing, has a strong accumulation of technology in both China and China, emphasizing "integrity" as opposed to China's strategic orientation.
In terms of strategic positioning, it is clear that it will have the advantage of expanding car electronics and merely of being integrated.
One is to expand the ict industry into smart cars, to build smart car solutions through smart network connections, smart driving, smart power, smart seating, smart car clouds, and to serve as an incremental part supplier for smart network cars;
2) Communications in the middle: The creation of an electronic car line is an extension of the ict operation, and in the development and integration of ct, t, t, etc., the capabilities required to make electronic car: hardware, software, operating systems, databases, connections, big data and ai, etc., have been acquired in the building of a network of long-term service operators with high reliability and high performance systems integration
China, as the two major equipment suppliers, has been investing heavily over the years in research and development, with an increase of 14.8 billion yuan in mid-2020, an increase of 18 per cent compared to the same year and a total of 14.59 per cent compared to the previous year; it has invested $141.9 billion in 2020, an increase of 7.8 per cent compared to the previous year, with a total revenue of 15.9 per cent, giving China and Central China the power to develop and develop ict technologies.
Midway has a number of core smart car technologies, and long-term development is strong. \triangleright has long been in the chain layout of the smart car industry, has software-defined smart car capabilities, and is gradually forming a whole industry chain.
Eco-structures are expected to open a new curve for long-term growth. The smart motors industry chain of communication is based mainly on the company's main subjects, the Inbo Technology Ltd., the Guangdong New Point Technology Service Ltd., the Mid-Hing Smart Motors Ltd., etc. 1) the innovators have 5g and c-v2x technologies; 2) the Inbo Super-Arith is a national R & D developer of auto-drive technology.
The first enterprise with a core technology-owned intellectual property-l2+ volume breakthrough and the ability to provide adas and autopilot solutions for the entire garage; 3) the Guangdong New Point Deep Farm Smart Vehicle Operating System, which has successfully released three units, the Smart Driver Operating System, and three pillars, including domain controllers, smart instrumentation and the fota gateway, were released in 2020.
Operating system solutions; 4) Midway Smart Motors Limited focuses on new energy/smart passenger cars, cross-border acquisition of wide-access buses, and new smart bus production capabilities are already in production. While there are a number of smart car core technologies, it is also available in the areas of wireless chargers, power posts, power cells, etc.
The Bureau, which is active in building smart car ecos. 1) Emerging energy as a telecommunications subsidiary, mainly as an overall solution to the supply of car chargers for smart grids, already has a high-power wireless charger series and the country's first car code line, and covers a wide range of technologies such as wireless charger technology, alien detection, etc. on patents; 2) Sino-High Power Technology Ltd.
Mainly responsible for the development, production, and marketing of power cells, and ranked among the top 10 suppliers of powered motor batteries in August 2020. The continuing value of the power of robust technology research and development in new applications has become the core competitive strength and long-term growth logic \triangleright
There is a general perception in the market that future growth in the company’s performance will continue to depend on a 5-g-cycle upswing, driving the growth of the operator’s business, focusing too much on the net profits on the firm’s books and on the operator’s capital spending periodicity, ignoring the core technological upgrading that the company has been investing more than $12 billion in research and development over the past 11 years. We believe that at this stage, the 5g is planned to be invested, except for the operator’s business.
In addition to the growth in scale, it will also lead to a significant increase in industrial intelligence and downstream applications of networking technologies. Companies, based on their business as operators, are actively developing core technologies, such as chips, operating systems, and databases, intelligentness, networking and national production substitution processes, and will soon accelerate the realization of the value of core corporate technologies in intelligent driving, industrial Internet, financial technology, and new energy sources.
\triangleright, let's see how the company's strong technology R & D power continues to realize its value in new applications. \triangleright is projected to be the net value of the company in 2021-2023. \triangleright
In January 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, with deep Internet coverage, cloud computing & & idc stoyote, Beijing University of Foreign Languages, Master of Financial Sciences, English language level VIII. He worked at the Shanghai Steel Federation ' s mri Research Centre.
Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2020 to carry out research in the communications sector, covering, inter alia, the areas of car networking, physical networking, operators, and super-high-qualityrs. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.