The first-line car factory, the upper-air car plant, has been signing a strategy with Naking.
Research assistant Yao Jiuhua: In recent days, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed in Shenzhen between the upper steam group and Naking Communications, which will be in touch in areas such as auto electronics, the 5g industry, digitization, branding, business management, etc.
On July 15, 2021, China Communications agreed to deepen strategic cooperation with China One, as well as in five major areas, including the 5g industry and automobile electronics and product services, to speed up 5g commercial alliances, and to strengthen synergies and innovations such as basic vehicle software and hardware platforms: basic software parity.
On the stage, the upper and center will be built around "Data Decision Experience, Software Defined Automobiles", constantly enriching its own applications and practices in areas such as software definition of automobiles, building programs for software definition of car age and product competitiveness; and communication in the context of "operability systems, basic software, chips, software racks."
There are strong and autonomous intellectual property rights in terms of building, algorithmic capabilities and intelligent platforms, which can be provided by leading domestic major equipment suppliers with a leading product advantage and a multi-year technological build-up in the car-networked industry in terms of network connectivity technology such as 5g technology, v2x networks, etc.
4g/5g-v2x module and rsu and v2x cloud control platform solutions as a whole; communications in the future will also continue to promote cooperation between companies such as Zero Blocks, Connected Electronics, etc.; and the strategic agreement between China and China One will strengthen the core technology, particularly in the area of chips, and the foundation.
Software co-operation, focusing on all-of-a-car smart cabins, autopilots, building software definitions, product competitiveness in the automobile age. We believe, upper and middle-of-the-life communications are strongly combined, based on medium communication technology and platform advantages, to further accelerate the process of moving the overall solution to the ground.
This will also accelerate the commercial process of scaling 5g-v2x.
• Continue to focus on priority markets such as energy, government, finance and the Internet, while further expanding the car market;
Communications: In the news, the 5g industry has been working with partners to keep the industry on track; we believe that the future will be a two-tier curve as smart network cars penetrate steadily.
As the rate rises and market demand rises steadily, the automobile business may become an important driver of the second growth curve in the middle communications.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We maintain a profit forecast for 2021-2023, with projected net profits