The share of IT technology hardware and equipment has increased by 5g, and the Māori rate has increased significantly.
1. Performance supermarkets expect a 120% increase in the Māori rate; sales of Māori have also increased, and corporate overall profitability has increased. Operators have largely achieved business parity, yielding revenue of $35.52 billion (Yoy+0.23%) and consumer business.
In addition, companies transfer North stock/flow (millions of shares) in the first quarter of the year.
In the first half of 2021, the company's R & D chips were missing raw materials, and its high stock had an advantage. At the price of raw materials, the increase in the Maori rate and share had led to a constant price.
With a combination of rising prices, expanding market demand, and a long-term global epidemic, there is a global wave of chip shortages. As companies have deployed a wealth of q4 performance over the last two years, the q4 performance is strong.
The rise in raw material stock, the size of the company's inventory from 2019 to 2020, turned out to be a recovery, with a sustained increase in Māori rates and shares providing opportunities for the company's development, resulting in a significant increase in its operating income of 2021H1 and the sale of Māori water.
2 5g equipment expansion, with a marked increase in the company's share in the first half of the year, the company's single line of pon gateway equipment, China's mobile high-end routers and high-end switches, all of which are part of the operator's major bidding project.
The company became the second winner (14%) and the second winner (14%) of the 400g class high-end router in China's Mobile Central Network Cloud Pool III Project to 2022 for high-end routers and high-end switch products.
30%: 70% share of package I (7,524 data centre switches) in the "Moved Central Network Clouds Pool III Engineering Data Centre Exchange and High-end Router Procurement in China" and 70% in the "Moved New Part of China 2021-2022 SPN Equipment"
The company ' s second share in the bidding for the 700m5g network for wide electricity (the shares of the three packages were 28.77 per cent, 33.53 per cent and 30.44 per cent, respectively) was second only to that of China (the shares of the company ' s bid for the first half of the year were subject to certain constraints, among other things).
In addition, there is an increase in the profits of the network of operators.3 The expansion of the business sector is a major effort. The continuous promotion of consumer business.
In strategic terms, the focus is on six areas: government, finance, transport, energy, the Internet, and business, with a focus on reaching out to clients and focusing on products and services and producing goldendb distributed data.
The company, while focusing on product renewal, is intensifying its efforts to create a network of distribution channels, launching a number of new products, including the Axon 30 series and the S series, and is planning to do so in the course of the year.
5,000 retail positions were built. With corporate strategy, the first half of 2021 saw consumers earn $12.35 billion in operating income, an increase of 66.63 per cent over the same year, and the company's share of total income, as the head of the intc, has for many years adopted 5g as its core strategy, wireless, wireless.
Core networks, carriers, chips, terminals, and industry applications are leading technology, product excellence, etc. In the broader context of 5g application of continuous innovation, the advantages of a deep layout are obvious, coupled with its continuous innovation strategy, and we look forward to an increase in the level of profitability.
The net profit from the mother is $7.03 billion, $7.57 billion, and $8.54 billion, corresponding to less than expected sales of smartphones and less cost control than expected, resulting in less than expected Māori rates.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report