On August 9th, 2021, an official communication with the public, the upper-mortality group and the central communication (000063.sz)
Signing of a strategic cooperation agreement between the two sides in the areas of automobile electronics and the 5g industry, with the participation of Gu Yongjung, Director-General of Motor Electronics Lines, at the signing ceremony.
Following China’s announcement of cooperation with China, the upper and middle-swing cooperation has again landed, allowing the central car to be fully validated in electronic logic. According to the strategic cooperation agreement signed between the two sides, the two sides will strengthen the vehicle base.
With strategic synergies and innovations in software technology, basic hardware platforms, cloud computing, and smart network networks, China-Change communications will continue to promote cooperation with companies such as upper-air zero beams, combined electronics, etc. On the smart-network products, China-Change communications will build on the accumulation of technology in the communications and car-networking industries over the years.
For an overall solution for the 4g/5g-v2x module and rsu and v2x cloud control platforms, together, to accelerate the 5g-v2x scalable commercial process. On the basic hardware and software platform, around the "Data Decision Experience, Software Defined Cars" will continue.
The core conclusion is that, in our view, what is emerging from the accumulation of ict technology and its extensive presence in the electronics of automobiles.
The year’s R & D deposition, with the idea of a car’s e-strategy “incorporated” and more likely to be accepted by domestic car companies. Following a successful partnership with a single steam, the upper and middle gas co-operated, with a total of 9.31 million vehicles sold in 2020, accounting for 37% of the country’s market sales, and the two majors’ co-operated with the center.
The central car electronic logic is fully validated, and the future is expected to become a domestic car company, especially the head.
Smart Nets and Motors Series (1). China Communications Depth Report: Full Screen Power, Global Lead, Consumers of Electronics Return-
Value Discovery Series Depth 2 (Consumption Electronics, Autoelectronics Gradual Activation)
Figure 1: 1 + 37% of the city in 2020.
Why does a head car company choose to win? China and China both have a strong accumulation of ict technology, and China emphasises “integration”, unlike China's strategic positioning, and are more likely to be accepted by domestic car companies. According to the Economic Watch, China has publicly indicated that it will be a supplier of smart technology to car companies, relying on it for its own good.
In terms of strategic positioning, China has made it clear that it will use its advantage to expand car electronics to “integration” and use its own capabilities in the area of ict to support the success of the car enterprise, which is more likely to be accepted by domestic car companies.
(1) China: Extension of the ict industry to the area of smart cars, building smart car solutions through smart network connections, smart driving, smart power, smart seating, smart car clouds, and serving as an incremental part supplier for smart network cars; 2) Communications in the middle: the creation of an electronic car line is an extension of the ict business, and the creation of car electronics lines is an extension of the ict business, and the development and development of smart cars, and ct,it
In the process of integration, the capabilities required to make car electronics are in place: hardware, software, operating systems, databases, connections, big data and ai, etc., and in the process of building a network of long-term service operators, high reliability, high-performance systems integration and Chinese communications, two major equipment providers, have been investing heavily in research and development for many years, with an investment of $14.8 billion in mid-2020.
China invested $141.9 billion in 2020, an increase of 7.8% in 2020, with a total revenue of 15.9%. Technology and R & D settling over many years gave China and China a strong power to develop and develop ict technologies.
\triangleright August 5, 2021, Nakhing announced that sgs (established in 1878 as an internationally recognized third-party inspection, validation, testing and certification authority, with a certificate of functional safety specific to the automobile industry) had been issued to its system product platform
Highest functional security level certification in the automobile industry, i.e., Iso26262:2018asil-d level auto function security process certification iso262662 certification covering the development of functional security management, conceptual/system/hardware phases, process support, security analysis, etc.
The organization provided a standardized framework for the management of security-related electronic and electrical systems, and the Sino-Engineer newsletter, which was certified as asil-d, was endorsed by sgs for their auto electronics business, demonstrating that the R & D process system of the corporate system product platform has been able to support the research and development needs of the most stringent functional safety scenes in the automobile industry, the automobiles.
Electronic power is fully certified.
In the long history of smart car industry chains, with the power of software to define smart cars, it is gradually forming a complete industrial chain, and the ecological layout is expected to open up a new curve of long-term growth. 1) The central communications agency has 5 g and c-v2x technology; 2) Infertile is the country's first independent intellectual property rights (IPR)-l2+ output breakthrough with a core technological autonomy.
Enterprise, with the capacity to provide adas and autopilot solutions for the entire car factory; 3) Guangdong ' s new pivot and auto operating system, has successfully released three smart driving operating systems and three major operating system solutions in 2020, including domain controllers, smart instrumentation and fota gateways; 4) Midship Smart Motors Limited focuses on new ones
Energy/intelligent passenger vehicles, cross-border acquisition of buses, new smart passenger vehicle production capability is in production. (5) New energy is emerging as a subsidiary of medium-sized communications, mainly as a holistic solution to the supply of car charge for smart network cars, which already has a high-power, wireless charging series and the country's first line of production, and covers wireless charging technology, alien testing, etc. on patents.
The continuing value of strong technology R & D power in new applications is becoming the core competitive strength and long-term growth logic \triangleright The market is generally of the opinion that future growth in corporate performance will continue to depend on a 5g-cycle upswing, leading to an increase in operator business
In the long run, too much attention has been paid to the net profits on the company’s books and to the cyclical nature of the operator’s capital expenditure, ignoring the core technological upgrading that companies have been investing more than $12 billion in research and development over the past 11 years. We believe that the current phase of 5g’s planning and construction, in addition to generating large-scale growth in the operator’s operations, will also lead to a significant increase in the intellectualization of industries and the downstream application of networking technology.
On the basis of this, intensive development of core technologies such as chips, operating systems and databases, intelligentness, networking and national production substitution processes will soon accelerate the realization of the value of core corporate technologies in intelligent driving, industrial Internet, financial science and technology, and new energy sources. \triangleright
We look forward to the continued realization of the company’s strong technological R & D power in new applications. The company’s projected net \triangleright 5g construction in 2021-2023 is below expectations, car electronic development is below expectations, and the new crown epidemic is spreading.
In January 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which covered cloud computing & idc products, and the Beijing University of Foreign Languages, with a master's degree in finance, 8th degree in English. He worked at the Shanghai Steel Federation's mri Research Centre, which was responsible for research on motor panels. He joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2020.
In July 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre for communications & Internet research, covering such areas as industrial Internet/industrial software, smart network cars, cloud computing industry chains, and the Internet.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.