Māori improved profitability on a continuous basis, performance exceeded expectations in the first half of 2021 Māori improved profitability on a continuous basis and corporate performance exceeded expectations in the first half of 2021: 73.43 per cent of the median. Significant growth in corporate performance was achieved, mainly through continuous optimization of market patterns, Māori rates
Continued improvement has led to a significant increase in profitability, with companies transferring 90% of their shareholdings in Beijing in the first quarter recognizing pre-tax profits of $800 million. If the transfer of equity gains from subsidiaries is excluded, it is estimated that net profits in the first half of the Division have increased by nearly 80% in the same year, achieving faster growth performance than expected.
Operators maintained a leading position in their business, and domestic 5g tenders continued to move forward: according to dell'oroggroup data, 1q communications 5g base station equipment shipments in 2021 remained the second highest in the world, 5g core world income was the second highest in the world, and light network portal 200g in 2020 was the second highest in the world, public.
At the end of June, China officially opened a bid for 700 m base stations, and a total of about 480,000 stations for 700 m5g macro base stations were purchased. In early July, telecommunications and connectivity jointly launched a 5gsa facility to prepare a collection of approximately 242,000 stations at a price limit of 20.5 billion yuan.
We believe that this year's telecom operator's 5g wireless main equipment collection is expected to recover significantly from last year's, and that the cost of volume production on the scale of the superb stations is gradually decreasing, and the Māori rate of company operators is expected to increase on a quarterly basis. According to previous tenders, the company is operating in three telecommunications operators.
The market share has exceeded 30 per cent overall, and with the start of large-scale shipments at the 5g base station in the third quarter, the share of corporate institutional investors in the flowa share is expected to increase overall market share by virtue of product and technology advantages.
Profit forecasts: 5g investment in the country and abroad continues to progress, companies have significantly benefited from a better climate in the industry, and future performance is flexible as the company ' s Māori ratio continues to improve. We have raised the company ' s profit forecasts by 22/19/16 times the price of shares and 15, 13 and 11 times the price of shares of h shares.
This report is written by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. The report cannot be copied or re-issued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the data used to compile the report is reliable, but this report has not been independently validated.
The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and its subsidiaries and associated companies may use or use this report prior to receipt of the report or on the basis of information or research recommended by the House. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report. The information and comments on the report may or will change before notification. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
The certificate described in the report  has the opinion or the position, or it will buy, sell, or offer the certificate described in the report.