Q2 performance growth is higher than expected, the Māori rate continues to improve and profitability significantly increases
\triangleright, according to the company announcement, the median value of the company ' s net return profit in H1 in 2021 was $4.05 billion, an increase of 118 per cent in the same year, of which q2 had a net return profit of $16.2-2120 million in the first quarter, an increase of 50 per cent in the same year.
90% of TCM shares, confirming pre-tax profits of about $800 million. Companies have continued to optimize market patterns, business earnings have increased on a year-on-year basis, Māori rates have improved consistently, and profitability has increased significantly.
China Telecom and China Connect issued a joint tender announcement for 2.1 ghz5gsa in 2021, which foresees the collection of approximately 242,000 stations with 2.1 ghz5gsa wireless main equipment, the ITU mainly following the “3.5g+2.1g” dual-frequency 5g strategy, prior to the ITU announcement that in 2021 it was planned to build a total of approximately 320,000 stations with 5g base stations.
They assume that the ITU 2.1ghz+3.5ghz base station is expected to go beyond that guidance. According to the ITU 2.1ghz5g base bid announcement, the share is based and adjusted dynamically, the number of winners is in principle four, winning by the top 4 winning candidates in the overall rating, with China.
In order to focus on software, Naking is the leader of a powerful major device, and we assume that our share is expected to be higher than expected. Smart cars, many of which continue to fall into the field - the Smartnet Car Series (1).
Midway News: Overperformance, R & D Powerful and Profiting.
Itd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City.
The network of operators is one of the company’s most important businesses, and the company has actively deployed wireless products to further develop the competitive power of the group’s products, and has made a significant breakthrough. We expect that future operators will invest in a stable way, that operations such as 5g and data centres are expected to boost corporate performance, and that the company will actively participate in the domestic 5g bidding process, bringing together 500 exclusive partners to conduct 5g.
With innovation and business practices, nearly 100 5-g innovation applications have been achieved. Corporate governance and business are moving towards the fast track of development, with goldendb becoming the country’s first official commercial financial transactional distributed database in a large banking core business system.
With the advent of the second half of the Internet, the digital transformation of the government and business sectors will be growing rapidly in the coming years, with companies pressing the market.
At present, more than 500 industry partners have expanded in the application of innovative business industries and are actively engaged in government-owned business, which is expected to grow by more than 50% in 2021.
Axon205g, the global front-screen camera, has been released year after year, raising the market share of the mobile data end. The company focused on the product layout of the c-end consumer market, launching a new generation of 5g indoor routers, home information terminals and integration innovation terminals, integrating traditional mobile phones, broadband connectivity and end chip modules, working to create a full-scale "1+2+n"
The company's car electronics line is an extension of the ict business, and the company has gradually developed the capabilities needed to make car electronics and has integrated hardware, software, operating systems, databases and ai in the development and integration of ct, t, etc.
With the rapid follow-up of the progressive maturity of the 5g infrastructure and the application of the Internet, the entry of smart cars into the world as objects will play an important role in attracting and shaping the landscape.
The continuing value of strong technology R & D power in new applications has become a core competitive strength and long-term growth logic.
We believe that, at this stage, a major 5g project will lead, in addition to the growth in the size of the operator’s business, to a significant increase in the intellectualization of industries and the downstream application of networked technologies. Based on the operator’s business, companies will vigorously develop core technologies such as chips, operating systems, databases, intelligentness, networking, and national production substitution processes.
\triangleright is the world’s leading provider of ict solutions, and the company’s leading equipment provider will benefit fully from the accelerated construction of 5g.
At the same time, the power of R & D is strong, and we appreciate the continuing value of the firm’s strong technology for R & D in new applications. Public 5g is not expected to be built as expected, smart cars are not growing as expected, trade friction between China and the United States, and the new crown epidemic is spreading.
Ishiyoje, Master of Finance, Beijing University of Foreign Languages, 8th degree in English. Served at the Shanghai Steel Federation ' s Mri Research Centre, responsible for car plate research. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2020, conducting research in the communications industry, covering the areas of car networking, property networking, operators, and super-highlights.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.