The company issued its semi-annual performance forecast for 2021, which is expected to increase.
Lower costs, slower loading, cyclical increase in the Māori ratio on the side of the operator: 46 constructions of reference companies, relative depth 300 index performance of relative shares.
The reasons for technological immaturity have led to a low Māori rate, but the marginal profits of the business in question have increased significantly in mid-to-late with technological innovation and the shift in emphasis to software-side expansion, refinement, etc. And the emerging future base station will begin to use micro-researched chips in its subsidiaries, which will also lead to the introduction of micro-researched chips.
The cost falls and the Māori rate rises. So we think that as the 5g construction cycle is on the right track, technology creates value, market shares rise: companies have invested heavily in R & D in recent years, and R & D personnel and R & D spending have been rising since 2018.
Increased corporate protection of rivers and the establishment of a competitive market advantage, with overall operations beginning to move into a virtuous and high-quality increase in long-term areas, with a year-on-year rise in market share in major operations. Data disclosed in the omdia report Mobile infrastructureMarkettracker-1q21data, 5g
In the first quarter of 2021, China was in the first place, with China in the second place, and China in the second place; China in the second place, with China in the second place, with China in the third place.
In the first quarter of 2021, China ranked first and China second in communications. And, in view of the trend towards a gradual increase in the share of companies in some of the tenders recently announced by the operators, we believe that there is a need to increase the share of companies in the competition.
The company’s future market share is expected to rise further as the company’s technological strength increases further, and as China is affected by the chip shortage caused by unfair sanctions in the United States.
ict industry-wide, government and consumer business continues to break down: in government and business, companies are gathering in six major areas, such as government, finance, transport, energy, the Internet and large businesses, and are capable of providing complete software and hardware solutions in many areas of business, such as the technical industry in goldendb.
So far, the company has completed a number of cases, starting to accelerate development from 1-n, and the growth prospects of the business are promising. In consumer business, the company re-creates the brand image of the mobile phone.
Returning to the domestic smart market; “zero-cost” to develop smart car business, opening up new business growth s027005001 points. The future c-market is expected to be a “x” factor in the company's future outbreak and a new company.
In the second half of the year, it is expected to continue to improve profitability. According to three major operators, more than 480,000 stations, 700mhz of wireless equipment has recently been tendered.
In accordance with the current construction plan and progress of the operator, the 5g base station is expected to build more than 65w stations throughout the year, i.e. 50w stations in the second half of the year.
Above, based on the current bid allocation, the share of the first two suppliers is more than 90%, and the company expects to increase its share of the five-g wireless equipment bid from the three major operators. We believe that with the gradual push of the five-g bid in the second half of the year, the firm's performance has grown considerably in the second half of this year.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: taking into account the potential scope for raising the company’s share of recent tenders, and the company’s long-term market layout in the context of the network of operators, government enterprises and consumer operations, we would like to make the following recommendations:
The company ' s expected net return profits for 2021-2023 are estimated to be the following risk factors: increased trade frictions, low domestic 5g construction expectations, and lack of growth in overseas markets.