In July 18, 2021, China's mobile aired 5g 700m of wireless network main equipment, centralizing communications (000063.sz)
The winning candidates, China, China, Nokia, Da Tang, and Ericsson, were brought in by five major equipment suppliers, followed by China, where the winning share was about 31% of the total. The winning share was 31% of the bidding for the 700m base station, an increase of about 2.3 percentage points from last year.
\triangleright China moved to launch the 5g 700m Wireless Main Device Collection on 25 June, divided into three packages for 190061 station and 190061 station/100275 station; on 18 July, China moved to announce the winner of the collection.
China accounted for about 60 per cent of the total, and China ranked second in 31 per cent of the market share, with two companies co-hosting Chinese communications receiving 28.7 per cent of the 5gsa II wireless network master equipment collection in 2020, and about 31 per cent of this 5g 700m wireless network master equipment collection, with a share mentioned.
This rise was about 2.3 percentage points. Previously, telecommunications and connectivity had issued a 2.1g call for tenders, and we had assumed that the ITU “2.1g+3.5g” base station would have a higher share than expected.
Jiang Ying, a rich product layout, further upgrades the company’s core competencies and profitability. Smart cars, many of its operations, continue to fall.
Smart Nets and Motors Series (1) Midstream Newsletter: Overperformance, R & D Strong and Growing Profitability
Mid-Engine Communication: Performance Over-expected and Profiting Continuously Upgraded 2021.7.10 Middle-Engine Communication: Mid-Engine Conveyed with a Stewardship announcement
"A car's electron progressing."
In China, the first building of the 9th courtyard on the west corner of Beijing City City City, China's wind and China's power are expected to be a sticker project, and the central car electronics will be active.
In the near future, China Communications and China announced cooperation, which will be strengthened in core technologies, particularly in the area of chips and basic software, in accordance with the agreements signed between the two parties to deepen strategic cooperation, focusing on areas such as car-wide smart cabins, autopilots, from chip definition, architecture design, algorithms and ip embedding, test validation, vehicle operating systems, virtualization software, software.
What is the main significance of cooperation? China’s first gas is one of the most powerful automobile companies in the Chinese automobile industry, which, after more than 60 years of development, has become a large, State-owned group of 3 million cars sold annually.
Brand branding, divided into four series of the l/s series/h series/q series, completed the annual sales target of 200,000 red flags in 2020 and planned to complete the target of 800,000 to 1 million vehicles by 2030. The Sino-Sing partnership is expected to be a landmark project, with demonstration effects, and the future boom is expected to be the preferred partner for domestic car companies, especially head-car companies.
In terms of strategic positioning, it is clear that it will have the advantage of expanding car electronics, simply “incorporated” and using its capabilities in the area of ict to support car companies.
Success is more likely to be accepted and endorsed by domestic car firms. Core conclusion: We believe that China’s boom in ict technology has accumulated, that it has been developing and settling for years in the electronics sector of automobiles, that the concept of e-strategies is “incorporated”, and that cooperation with one of the steam is expected to become a pole project, with a demonstration effect, and that there will be future developments.
To be the preferred partner of domestic car companies, especially head-car companies. The global top-of-the-ground flag ship is being launched, opening new space for a long time \triangleright
With regard to mobile business, there is still a large gap in expectations, and the market does not see the potential for middle-growth cellular development. In 2021, we expect a 30-50 per cent increase in company cellular output over the same year.
(b) [Cost] (1) Middle Hing mobile phone development can be reused 5g: (2) partial capacity can be reused with 5 g base stations;
In July 2020, a20 was launched as a medium- and low-end mobile phone with a full screen camera.
(c) The company is about to launch a high-end flag ship with a camera version of a30 screen, which will be the world's first truly full-screen flag ship! The a30 phone will have a high pixel density of 400ppi, with a 120hz high-scaling rate; and the camera technology will be used on the screen.
Using 7 layers of high-permeability materials, 3 floors of special processes, with greater optics. With the upgrading of technology under the screen, the emerging new money, mobile phones are expected to help companies take advantage of the mobile phone market quickly, leading to longer-term growth in corporate profitability.
\triangleright Networking of Operators is one of the company’s most important businesses. The company actively deploys wireless products, further develops the competitive power of group products, and makes a big breakthrough. We expect future operators to keep their investments stable, with operations like 5g with data centres expected.
With the growth in corporate performance and the active participation of companies in the domestic 5g bidding process, the 500-single partners should use innovation and business practices to achieve nearly 100 5-g innovation applications. The company’s government and business are moving to the fast track of development, with goldendb becoming the country’s first core banking system in large banks.
The data centre's full-module program is officially commercial, with the winning Internet headlines. The business safety office program helps businesses to get back to work quickly during the outbreak, making it possible for more than 30,000 research and development staff to work remotely.
With the advent of the second half of the net, the digital transformation of the government and business sector is expected to grow at a high rate in the coming years, with companies rushing to market opportunities, more than 500 industry partners expanding deeply in the application of innovative business industries and actively setting up business-related businesses, with an expected growth rate of more than 50 per cent in 2021.
The continuing value of strong technology R & D power in new applications is becoming the core competitive strength and long-term growth logic \triangleright The market is generally of the opinion that future growth in corporate performance will continue to depend on a 5g-cycle upswing, leading to an increase in operator business
In the long run, too much attention has been paid to the net profits on the company’s books and to the cyclical nature of the operator’s capital expenditure, ignoring the core technological upgrading that companies have been investing more than $12 billion in research and development over the past 11 years. We believe that the current phase of 5g’s planning and construction, in addition to generating large-scale growth in the operator’s operations, will also lead to a significant increase in the intellectualization of industries and the downstream application of networking technology.
On the basis of this, intensive development of core technologies such as chips, operating systems and databases, intelligentness, networking and national production substitution processes will soon accelerate the realization of the value of core corporate technologies in intelligent driving, industrial Internet, financial science and technology, and new energy sources. \triangleright
The company is the leading global provider of the ict solution, and the company, as the lead equipment provider, will benefit fully from the accelerated construction of 5g, while the power of R & D is strong. We appreciate the continuing value realization of the firm's strong technology R & D power in new applications.
5g built less than expected, smart cars developed less than expected, trade frictions between China and the United States, and the spread of the new crown epidemic.
Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2020 to carry out research in the communications sector, covering, inter alia, the areas of car networking, physical networking, operators, and super-high-qualityrs. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.