Communications in the middle: the forecast is over-expected, 5g operations are steadily moving towards the second curve of business, including government and business, on 11/07/2021.
Research Assistant Yao Jiuhua incident: On July 9, China’s newsletter announced a performance forecast for the year 2021 for the first half of the year, the company forecasted a net profit of $3.843 billion to the mother, and expected to achieve an income of 0.82-0.93.
▪ Income uplifts with improved profitability, medium-term performance: communications forecast in the first half of 2021. As market patterns continue to optimize, price pressures for competing shares are largely eliminated, internal product solutions are optimized and production efficiency is improved, and communication profitability is stable.
We believe that the performance of communications in the future will remain steady upwards, starting with a commercial perspective where tenders for 5 g base stations in the country are opened consecutively, with a conservative estimate of the three winning points in the 700m bid for mobile and wide power (approximately 480,000 base stations), and
Thirty-one per cent of the share will be targeted; in the latest ITU 2.1g base station tender (approximately 242,000 base stations with a bid limit of $20.532 billion), the share would be 31.9 per cent-39.34 per cent if the second winner of the winning bid was selected; and the second, the router and server end, would also make successive breakthroughs, starting from the recent bidding results
China Communications became the first winner (60 per cent) of the x86 platform in the third phase of the Chinese mobile centralized network cloud pool computing server procurement project; and the second in 12t high-end router cr equipment in the centralized procurement of high-end routers and high-end switch products from 2021 to 2022
The winner (14%) and the second winner (30%) of the 400g-grade high-end routers, in sum, we believe that China-China communications, as the leading global major equipment dealer, with continuous innovative technology, is a fast-changing, high-value product that will continue to make a breakthrough, and will continue to lead in the future in the 5g period.
1. Mid-Hing Communications (000063). Mid-Hing has built up its performance in business-led communications: China-Hing Communications, as the leading global equipment manufacturer, has benefited deeply from the construction of 5g base stations at home and abroad, so the basic operator is
Communication: The most recent gathering of results, the cornerstone of a sound upturn in communications performance; the current state of business has become an important focus of communication, and the overall strength of the ict has been steadily up.
The second growth curve, first of all, high-end hardware switches, routers and servers continue to break through, and the second pushes the 5g+ industry to accelerate integration, focusing on key markets such as energy, government, finance and the Internet.
Quarterly review: high performance, high edge in many areas, such as networking, finance, etc., and it is expected that the future lead will continue, with good eye, cash flow, and good look at the ict dragons.
It will also drive up the middle-growth telecommunications performance steadily. Headlines steady up. 2021-04-29  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: As the competitive pattern of the market optimizes and the ability of communication to flourish
Upgraded, while domestic base-station bidding continued to progress steadily, we increased the 2021-2023 eps period, and the market pattern optimized q1 Big East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a Portfolio Investment Advisory Board