Valuations are wrongly matched with high performance growth, ict leads highlight the value of investments, tweak communications (000063.sz) basics improve h1 performance above expectations, ict leads highlight the value of investments and maintain the “buy-in” rating
Revenues from business (domestic subsidiaries, domestic server operating revenues), consumer business (family end-products, mobile phone products) have increased significantly. Given the uncertainty of the international environment that China is currently facing, the pace of building 5g is still high, the share of the domestic ict market and the potential for overseas operations in the future is expected to be public.
The market pattern of the division’s main business is likely to continue to be optimized, leading to a profit release period. We are predicting a significant increase in the company’s Māori rate, which is expected to lead to an increase in the value of the value, a steady increase, with a combination of improved competition, both within and outside the country, with companies relying on chip, database, wireless, core.
The accumulation of experience and technological excellence in networks, carriers, sequestration, videos, energy, terminals, and industry applications are expected to further enhance market access. For government and business, the corporate focus on ict infrastructure provides a variety of information for governments and businesses based on products such as “communication networks, material networking, big data, cloud computing”
In the case of consumer business, the company issues an extra 5g mobile phone and continues to be deployed under the line, the market is expected to double click on the basic improvements and the valuation upgrades.
Value repair and basic improvements are expected to continue. Corporate Information Update - O1 Performance Report - Performance Report Overperformance ups and is expected to drive communications plate reverses
(a) The turnover of companies is expected to increase continuously, and the operating income of the network of operators is more or less equal than in the same period in 2020;
Growth; growth in operating income from consumer operations was mainly due to growth in operating income from household end-of-life products and mobile phone products. On 25 June of that year, China’s bid for mobile 700m wireless network master equipment was officially launched and purchased on a centralized basis.
31.00 per cent, a much higher share of the market than the 2020 collection, is expected to continue. Since hot spots and capacity still depend on the 2.6ghz network, the investment in the 5g base station in 2.6ghz is less influenced by 700mhz, and the operator’s capital expenditure is more like incremental capital in 700m.
Focus on the 5g whole-sector chain, business performance is expected to improve significantly, corporate product chains are well developed, technological innovation is strong, market demand is changing, business in 2021h is well under way, and it is expected to break through in 2021.
The product and technology are rapidly upscaled to capture market demand changes, raise household satisfaction, and many products are business start-ups and commercialization. The company's forward-looking microchip area, where the current 7nm chip is now in the mass production phase. The company will adhere to its 5g-centred development strategy in the future, further sharpening the whole.
With experience in chip, database, wireless, core network, carrying, grid-fixing, video, energy, terminal and industry applications, companies have made marginal breakthroughs in three major sectors: the network of operators, consumer operations, and government enterprises.
The company will continuously increase its research and development investment in chips, algorithms, and network architecture, further optimize its original products, and assist operators in building 5g networks more quickly. On the political front, a five-g-centred, all-embracing infrastructure will bring new business, new models, and new growth space to the ict industry.
In terms of consumer operations, take advantage of market development opportunities for 5g terminals and data products, strengthen branding in domestic markets, expand under-line channels, and further push to maintain sound operations in overseas markets.3
The company’s growth in performance of 2021h1 is mainly due to a significant increase in revenue from government (domestic subsidiaries, domestic server revenues), consumer business (family end-products, mobile phone products). Given the uncertainty of the international environment that China is currently facing, the construction pace of 5g is still high, and the share of the domestic icct market and the sea in the future remains high.
There is scope for outside business, and we expect that the market patterns of the company’s main business will be optimized or optimized, leading to a tightening of the international situation. Trade friction between China and the United States brings with it uncertainty in the industry, upgrading with the US’s restrictions on Chinese-to-Chinese enterprises, if not effectively addressed in the future, or affecting the advancement of the 5g building process, both domestically and internationally.
The construction of 5g is not as expected. The domestic 5g business is not as fast as expected and the operator 5g is more influenced by national policies, not excluding that some of the 5g base station products are not mature enough to impede industry development.
Chip manufacturing and production capacity are not yet mature. With power cut-off, high-end chip production is in difficulty, former domestic chip producers are producing and manufacturing technologies that fall short of standards, if national production substitution processes fail to meet targets or lead to high-end production.
The production of chips is limited and has an impact on the development of related industries.