With a steady growth in the diversity of operations, the ict front line is back in motion - the mid-term news bulletin's semi-annual performance forecast for 2021, sustained growth combined with a recovery in the Māori rate and a significant increase in the profitability of 21H1
Based on the company ' s forecast median, the net return to the mother earned $4.05 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 118.09 per cent in the same year; the corresponding return to the mother earned $1,868 million, an increase of 72.42 per cent in the same year; if the $800 million in the yield of the q1 profit was eliminated, the ring grew by 35.17 per cent. In the second half of last year, the company stored a new generation of chip chips, effectively reducing the upstream 21h1 raw material.
The negative impact of the increase in prices, coupled with the fact that the new generation of backbone chips is fully functional compared to the previous generation of chips (which results in fewer components required for equipment), has significantly reduced the overall cost and contributed to the increase in the Māori rate.
This year’s 5g construction will continue to be “pre-existing”:
In the second half of the year, the construction of 5g in China is expected to accelerate, China's mobile and conglomerate will be launched, and a new round of tenders will be opened. As industry leaders and technology pioneers, the company has recently shown a bright eye and won the first share of the mobile cloud pool III and the telecommunications gateway 4.0. In terms of profitability, this year's new 5g base station is over 800,000.
Here, there has been an increase over last year (580,000 in 2020), with companies well prepared, highly skilled, cost-effective, and a gradual improvement in Māori rates. Meanwhile, affected by the epidemic, investment in overseas telecommunications markets has slowed, large orders are expected to return as the epidemic improves, formula operators are expected to grow rapidly, and companies are expected to account for their share of domestic operations this year.
With the rise of digitalization in the country, the demand for digitalization in the government is strong, companies are actively investing in marketing channels, focusing on six major areas of government, finance, transport, energy, the Internet and large businesses, tapping into high-quality customer resources, and, at the same time, creating new opportunities for growth.
Research assistant: Fu Ningfeng, with the strategic adjustment of China, China’s share of the market has fallen, corporate governance has grown significantly, stabilizing at 50%, and is expected to continue at this rate in the second half of the year. Foreign markets, corporate relations with overseas customers are strong, foreign markets are stable.
In addition to their superior products, such as transmission, wireless, and videoconferencing, companies have created a collection of star products, such as goldendb distributed databases, modular data centres, servers, and storage, to promote a growing share of the market for government enterprises. In consumer business, consumer business has accelerated with overseas markets.
Recovery, back on growth track, and during the 5g switch-of-air gold window period in the country, the company will be strategically active with domestic intelligence. 1. Midway Communications (00063) 2021 event review: The mobile phone market, if the strategy goes well, is also expected to become an engine for consumer business growth.
An increase in the winning share plus Māori improvement expectations, or an increase in the distribution of consumer electronics, the creation of new car electronics lines, and long-term performance contributions.
Focusing on upstream chip research and development, building the company's market's scarce competitiveness 2. Quarterly Report 2021.
A review of the Māori rate net interest rate ring has improved significantly, with the first team from the national chip design company. By the end of 2020, China’s communications had about 80,000 global patent applications and about 36,000 validly authorized patents. Of these, more than 4270 chips were patented, and more than the authorized chips were patented.
1,800. The self-research chip can be customized to reduce the cost of the company’s own product, while, in the context of the global “deficit” tide, the company is able to generate additional income through the external chip, which currently accounts for about 10%. 5g construction continues, 5g penetration continues to rise, and the company acts as the world’s fourth leader in equipment, with a technological reserve.
Real, stable business growth, asset profitability and cash flows are all in the direction of good trends, promising high-quality growth in future performance, constant deployment of firms in the same time, in the fields of chips, algorithms, etc., and continued optimization of resource allocation will effectively boost product profits. We have not built as much as we expected for 5g, both within and outside the country; competition in domestic markets has intensified; and trade friction between China and the United States has intensified.
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, served in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
• Development engineer, sales manager for wireless solutions, senior outreach manager for cloud computing solutions, author of the 2020 UDPS, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting practice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking to be objective, impartial and free from any third party by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions.