Performance over-expected in the first half of the year, basic improvements versus valuation upgrades Communications in the middle (000063.sz) • Basic over-expected improvement in h1 performance, 5g equipment tap highlighting core assets and maintaining a “buy-in” rating
The company announcement for the semi-annual performance forecast for 2021 shows that during the reporting period, the company ' s net profit was $3.8 billion to $4.3 billion, the main reason for the company ' s growth during the same period was the company ' s continuous optimization of the market pattern, the growth of its business income on a par, a sustained recovery in the Māori rate, and a greater increase in profitability.
With 90% equity, further focus on the main industry, and given the uncertainty of the international environment that China is currently facing, the pace of building 5g in the country is still high, the share of the domestic market and the scope for expansion of overseas operations in the future, and we expect that the market patterns of the company's main business will be optimized or optimized to the profit release period. We maintain the forecast.
• The company is expected to continue to benefit from the start-up of the operator pool, moving the valuation up after the 5g cycle Focus on 5g, with the company's standard 5g patent globally based on international patent data company iplytics.
The collection and the collection of 2.1 g base stations for Chinese telecommunications and connectivity have started, benefiting from the continued construction of 5g by operators, a steady increase in capital spending, combined with an improved competitive environment abroad, and a focus on corporate ownership, which is expected to further increase market ownership.
Meanwhile, the company has been working with a number of leading companies to build demonstration projects. Consumer business: the company distributes a lot of 5g mobile phones and continues to be deployed, and the market share is expected to rise gradually.
Corporate Information Updates - q1 Performance Predicts that the ability of major equipment bargaining to negotiate is expected to increase while the availability of applications is expected to accelerate a new wave of expansion needs in the future.
Quote, and thus move back to the 5g cycle; multiple advantages such as company technology, products, customer resources, etc., will strengthen the momentum for corporate development, the company's scarcity as a core 5g asset, multi-line energy breakthroughs, valuation repairs and basic performance upturns in communications plates, hopefully.
International improvements are evident, with the 5g Pioneer Market Dynamics highlighted,1 the number of bid openings by operators is expected to rise, the market position is expected to improve, business incomes are improving on a par, the Māori rate is recovering on a continuous basis, and the profitability of the public sector is increased;
The Division transferred 90% of the shares of China Communications Corporation Ltd. in Beijing, confirming pre-tax profits of about RMB 800 million. On 25th of the year, China’s bid for the bulk of the 700m mobile wireless network equipment was officially launched, with a procurement model of approximately station 480397, divided into three sub-contracts: the share of bid 1 in the first bid was 61.12% and the second.
28.77% of the names, 10.11% of the third, 58.89% of the bid in the first and 9.58% of the second bid, and the maximum number of packages for which the project allows bidders to win the bid at the same time is 3. Since the hot spots and capacity are still dependent on the 2.6ghz network, the 5g base station investment in 2.6ghz is less affected by 700mhz.
The operator’s capital expenditure is more like incremental capital in 700 m. It is expected that China’s share in the operator collection will continue to rise as the company is currently under international scrutiny, and we assume that China’s lowest share in the 700-m collection is second, with the highest share being the first and only one package.
First, business performance is expected to improve significantly from the larger 2-focused 5-g whole-sector chain that will be collected in 2020, with a share of the company as a whole or at 31.00 per cent ~ 41.04 per cent.
The company is expected to make a sustained breakthrough in 2021. Through its strategic layout, the company has gradually refined its product chain, developed its products over the years and rapidly upgraded its technology, learning from 4 g lessons, and has been able to capture market demand changes in a sharp manner, raising client satisfaction, and many products are business start-up and commercialization.
In the coming years, it is expected that 5g operations will be fully deployed, that the industrial chain will mature, and that companies will make a marginal breakthrough in the three pillars of the network of operators, consumer operations, and corporate governance. With regard to the network of operators, companies will continue to be fully integrated.
The company will continuously increase its research and development investment in chips, algorithms, and network architecture, further optimize its original products, and assist operators in building 5g networks more quickly. On the political side, a 5g-centred smart infrastructure for all things is connected, and companies will bring new business, new business, and new business to the ict industry.
Companies focus on new infrastructure, seize opportunities, and accelerate the upgrading of industry’s 5g landings and digitalization. In consumer business, taking advantage of the 5g’s continuing mobile flow dividend, they further boost their personal consumption experience.
Taking advantage of the market development opportunities for 5g terminals and data products, maintaining robust operations in overseas markets, strengthening branding inputs in domestic markets, expanding access under the line line, and taking further steps. The international situation is becoming tight.
Upgrade, if not effectively addressed in the future, will affect the advancement of the 5g building process at home and abroad, thereby affecting the expansion of the overseas operations of the relevant manufacturers.
Big, not excluding that some of the products of the 5g base station are prematurely hindering the development of related industries, which has an impact on the commercial progress of the 5g scale, leading to a 5g commercial failure. Chip manufacturing, production capacity, is not yet mature. With power cuts, high-end chip production is in trouble.
Former domestic chip producers produce and manufacture technologies that fall short of standards and that affect industry development if national production substitution processes fail to meet targets or lead to high-end chip output limits.