万华化学 (600309.SS)
通过业务优化走向卓越，但估值已充分；首次覆盖评为中性（
摘要)
股价: Rmb43.50 上涨空间: 8.0%
600309.SS
Initiation
万华化学是中国领先的化工企业、核心竞争产品是聚氨酯（MDI和
TDI），公司是全球为数不多的具有MDI产能的生产商之一。万华化
学向石化领域扩张, 之后进军精细化工领域, 由此实现了对核心业务
的优化。我们看到，万华在优化生产流程和成本结构方面出色的规划
主要数据
和执行能力助力公司成为了全球最大的MDI供应商。但我们认为市场
市值: Rmb136.6bn / $19.7bn
对公司短期盈利的预测仍过干乐观。该股当前股价对应13倍的2019
企业价值: Rmb167.0bn / $24.1bn
3个月日均成交量: Rmb791.9mn / $115.2mn
年预期市盈率和9倍的EV/EBITDA,我们认为估值已经充分。我们的
China Chemicals
租赁是否计入净负债和企业价值: No
次覆盖该股评为中性。
业务优化仍是核心竞争力
万华化学一直侧重于通过研发和技术进步实现对工厂、生产流程和成
本结构的优化，从而确保以最低成本进行生产。我们认为这一战略令
万华的利润率/净资产回报率稳定在40%/30%，因此为投资者带来了
独特的安全网。
等待销量增长改善
3/19
6/19 E 9/19 E 12/19 E
每股盈利 (Rmb)
随着MDI和TDI价格双双降至历史均值以下，我们需要看到实际需求
要素概要
增长（即销量增长和产能利用率上升）才会对万华转持更积极看法。
今年以来疲弱的宏观数据和终端应用销量(如汽车销量)增速显示,
财务回报
2019年需求增长潜力有限。另一项销量增长推动力,即新建的烟台乙
估值倍数
烯工厂,直到2020年下半年才会投产,并将在2021年才开始贡献盈
波动性
百分位
20th
40h
60t
80th
100th
600309.SS相对于亚洲(不含日本)覆盖范围
600309.SS 相对于China Chemicals
因此，投资者应当考虑到本公司可能存在可能影响本报告客观性的利益冲突，不应视本报告为作出投资决策的唯一
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
损益表 (Rmb mn) _____
万华化学 (600309.SS)
评级自2019年8月5日
资产负债表 (Rmb mn) _
增长率和利润率 (%)
股价走势图
现金流量表 (Rmb mn) _
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
PM summary
We initiate on Wanhua Chemical with a Neutral rating
Wanhua is one of the largest chemical companies in China, with high-quality
fundamental (balance sheet and cash flow) and cyclical product exposure (MDI, TDI and
petrochemical demand are mostly GDP linked).
Product exposure remains favorable
We note Wanhua's favorable exposure to MDI and TDI, with both having a high
industry concentration, and fewer than 10 players globally are capable of producing MDI.
Leading players (including Wanhua) are expanding capacity, which further increases
industry concentration. The underlying end-markets are generally growing slightly faster
than global GDP (despite short-term volatility). We believe Wanhua is well-prepared to
capture most of the MDI demand growth potential from China.
Plant optimization adding more value
We like Wanhua's focus on cost and production optimization, which put it at the low
end of the global cost curve, not only in MDI but also in polyol, propylene derivatives and
ethylene derivatives. We believe Wanhua's focus on people and R&D facilitates the
optimization process, incentivizing innovation and technological breakthroughs. Wanhua
aims to achieve plant and product synergy and risk diversification in every new
investment.
Where are we different from the market?
We are less worried about the new competitors (e.g., Chinese domestic suppliers)
entering the MDI market, at least over the next three to four years. We believe it will be
difficult for new players to gain a similar cost and scale competitiveness vs. global MDI
suppliers, which: 1) have been in the market for decades; 2) have existing expansion
plans; and 3) are getting ready to capture most of the demand growth potential at
competitive capex and opex (expansion projects usually have much lower capex/ton
than greenfield projects).
We are more concerned about Wanhua's near-term earnings. Year-to-date, MDI and
TDI prices have fallen significantly in both yoy and hoh terms. Our 2019E earnings
estimates are c.15% below Bloomberg consensus. We believe consensus is still pricing
too much optimism into the company's potential MDI/TDI recovery.
We agree that the margin and return profile of new petrochemical, specialty chemical
and new material businesses are likely dilutive to Wanhua's existing high-margin
polyurethane product exposure (i.e., not as strong cost advantage). However, we think
the more diversified that Wanhua's business is, the lower the normalized return would
though it could deserve a higher multiple (due to a less-cyclical asset
likely be
portfolio).
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
Valuations:
We apply 7.0X EV/EBITDA on the 2020-2021 blended average EBITDA (vs. an EBITDA
CAGR of 13%) to derive a 12-month target price of Rmb47.0. The target multiple is
slightly below its long-term historical average of 8.3X since listing, to factor in the
near-term weak MDI/TDI margin.
The key risks
Product margins (+/-); Supply disruption (+); Project delays (-); Feedstock cost volatility
(+/-); Operational risks (-); R&D success (+/-)
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
Our thesis in charts
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
Polyurethane market leader expanding into petrochemicals and
specialty chemicals/new materials
Wanhua Chemical, was established in 1998 and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
in 2001, started off as a synthetic leather factory in 1978, later building its own
polyurethane and MDI plants. The company has specialized in the production of
polyurethane for 30+ years. It is now the worlds' largest producer of MDI. The
company renamed from Wanhua Polyurethane to Wanhua Chemical in June 2013.
Since then, it has accelerated the diversification of its operations. Wanhua now has
three core business segments: polyurethane, petrochemicals and specialty chemicals &
new materials.
Key driver 1 - Polyurethane (76% of gross profit; 51% of revenue as of FY2018)
Product details: Polyurethane is the bread and butter of Wanhua Chemical. The main
products under this category include MDI and TDI. Methylenediphenyl diisocyanate
(MDI), a key raw material of polyurethane, can be mixed with polyol to produce rigid
polyurethane foam, widely used in refrigerators, coatings materials and thermal
insulation of buildings. Toluene diisocyanate (TDI) can be mixed with polyol to produce
flexible polyurethane foam, widely used in shoes, furniture, automotive components,
bedding, etc.
Global comparison: Wanhua has the largest MDI capacity globally (26% of total as of
2018). Wanhua’s MDI capacity increased from 10kt in 1995 to 100kt in 2002 and to
1,800kt now. Global leading MDI and TDI players include BASF, Covestro and
Huntsman. Both products have a high industry concentration, and most of the
technology used is self-invented without much external licensing. Product prices vary
across different regions depending on the local supply-demand dynamics.
图表 9: Wanhua is 26% and 17% of global MDI and TDI
capacity
Key driver 2 - Petrochemical (9% of gross profit; 31% of revenue)
Product details: Wanhua is exposed to the C3 propylene value chain after building its
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
ethylene value chain by building its own ethylene cracker, which it is targeting to
commission in 2H2020. Both plants are taking LPG as the main feedstock and convert
that to value-added ethylene and propylene derivatives. These derivatives are mostly
classified as commodity chemicals because they are well-transacted and traded in the
global market with many suppliers. There are a wide range of downstream applications,
including plastics, polyester, fibers, etc.
Global comparison: There are a lot of suppliers globally and domestically producing
commoditized petrochemical products. In China, the core ethylene and propylene
suppliers are still the major refiners (Sinopec and PetroChina). There is increasing
supply from CTO/MTO (coal to olefin/methanol to olefin), PDH (propane
dehydrogenation) and ethane crackers. These units help diversify the feedstock from oil
to coal/methanol/LPG/ethane. Globally, we see increasing new supply from the US
(taking advantages of the cheap US ethane supply) and the Middle East (using the
cheap oil/naphtha supply).
Key driver 3 - Specialty chemical & new material (9% of gross profit; 9% of
revenue)
Product details: Wanhua's specialty chemical and new material segment includes
sales and production of surface material, TPU, SAP, PC, modified isocyanate, and
specialty amines. It often takes a longer time to achieve commercial production of
specialty chemicals compared to commodity chemicals as those products require more
R&D, products specialization, and end-market verification. The size of these production
plants are usually smaller in scale.
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
MDI/TDI below historical averages; pending further volume growth
potential
MDI/TDI prices are both below their historical ranges
Pure MDI prices fell 33% in 2018 from Rmb30,000/ton to Rmb20,000/ton, mainly due to
weak demand. This weakness in MDI prices persisted for about four months before
rebounding in March 2019, which we attribute to anticipation of US-China trade tensions
being resolved and potential policy loosening in China. However, the rebound in prices
has proven to be temporary, with MDI prices declining from the peak level of
Rmb25,000/ton in April to Rmb17,000/ton in July. Current prices for pure and poly MDI
are now 34%/43% above the bottom prices of Rmb14,600/ton and Rmb9,100/ton in
4Q2015 but 10%/27% below the historical average (since 2006).
China TDI prices fell 60% in 2018 from Rmb40,000/ton to Rmb16,000/ton. The TDI
prices remained weak in most of 2019, particularly after the commissioning of Wanhua
TDI capacity (300ktpa) at end-2018, adding 36% to China capacity. The current TDI
price is about 21% above the bottom price of Rmb11,300/ton but 35% below the
historical average (since 2013).
We expect both MDI and TDI, unlike many other commoditized chemical products, are
mainly driven by its own products demand supply instead of cost-based. The high
industry concentration of the industry allows the producers to manage the pricing
according to their own production schedule to meet the demand. According to Wanhua,
they can run at low plant utilization or go for maintenance if they see the near term
demand is disappointing, in order to hold the ASP. The fluctuation in the main feedstock,
such as benzene or toluene are not affecting the MDI prices as much.
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
New supply started to come in 2020; global MDI leaders are ready for demand
pickup globally
Global largest MDI suppliers continue to expand their capacity: Wanhua (the top
supplier) is expanding its China Yantai and Ningbo units from 600/1,200ktpa to
1,100/1,500ktpa, respectively, in the next two years (adding in total 800ktpa, equivalent
to a 25% increase to China capacity). They are also planning to build their first MDI unit
(400ktpa) in the United States (Louisiana). BASF (the second large supplier) is adding
250ktpa capacity in Geismar in the US. Covestro (the third large supplier) is adding
200ktpa capacity in Germany, 100kpta capacity in China and planning 300ktpa capacity
in Baytown in the US. All three players are well-prepared to capture future demand
growth in Asia, Europe and the US.
New China domestic supplier announces capacity addition plans: In addition to the
global MDI suppliers, we see new Chinese players interested in entering the MDI market
- Fujian Connell (400ktpa, Wanhua recently announced the acquisition but not yet
completed) and Xinjiang Juli (400ktpa). We believe it is too early to assess their chance
of success to this highly concentrated market. We think it is safe to assume that these
new suppliers are not likely to cause any material implications to the MDI supply in
China in the next three to four years, given their commission time of 2021E and 2022E
with high chance of project delay as it is their first time accessing (could easily take
>6months for ramp up).
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
Demand tracker showing weaker year-to-date data points (particularly for autos)
Utilization near term hampered by the weak demand data points
Based on our recent channel checks with industry consultants and corporates, the MDI
and TDI plants in general are not running at high utilization at the moment (just roughly
70%). There are a couple of scheduled maintenance periods in the summer season.
Despite the low plants utilization and maintenance, MDI and TDI prices are still trending
weak.
The latest end-application demand data are not showing recovery signal yet. In
particular, the monthly auto production/sales data (one core demand driver for MDI/TDI)
is still trending weak. We have not yet seen material policy loosening (property or
infrastructure spending). In the weak demand environment with low plants utilization,
new TDI capacity addition (Wanhua's plant in end-2018) has caused TDI exports to
grow materially.
Impact on demand from US China trade tension
MDI is a highly GDP-driven chemical product. The extended trade tension between
China and the US causes concerns around a macroeconomic slowdown. We expect the
prolonged trade issue could have a negative impact on the MDI business, particularly in
poly MDI given c.32% of China's 2018 exports went to the US. Based on monthly data
for the industry, we saw a sharp decline in China's poly MDI exports to the US in May
2019. According to Wanhua's management, they are able to redirect the trade flow
internally and use their MDI units in Hungary to supply poly MDI to existing customers.
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
Optimization is the core competence needed to stay low at the cost curve
Production flow optimization: Wanhua has spent 10+ years optimizing the production
flow, scale and cost structure of its assets and product portfolio. The company's MDI
production facilities have been revamped more than 10 times to achieve the lowest cost
possible and be environmentally friendly (e.g., emission control/recycling). We estimated
the total cost savings from plant integration and optimization could amount to
>Rmb2,500/ton after considering their internal supply of hydrogen, aniline and energy, a
better recycling of resources (e.g. HCL) and better fixed cost sharing (lower per unit cost
due to higher sales volume).
Competitive return vs. global peers: Wanhua is one of the lowest-cost producers
globally. We expect Wanhua to remain the top MDI supplier and start to gain market
share in the TDI market (after commissioning the new plant at end-2018). Among global
players, only Covestro and BASF are still actively expanding MDI further in other
countries to capture domestic demand growth. However, we note that Covestro and
BASF have exposure to many other chemical products while most of Wanhua's
earnings are still coming from its polyurethane business only. Given the wide range of
chemical products exposure and high concentration industries, we found limited industry
disclosure by the leading polyurethane suppliers globally. There are no clear pure-play
chemical companies globally we could use as a proxy.
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
图表 28: In terms of ROA, Wanhua ranks second behind
Covestro
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
Wanhua's new growth potential - volume the first step
Expansion plan capturing most demand growth potential in China: Wanhua is planning a
25% increase in China MDI supply by expanding its Yantai and Ningbo MDI at very
competitive capex and opex (enough to absorb about 4-5 years of MDI demand growth).
Only Covestro s plant and some new domestic Chinese players are expanding
capacity in China. We do not see them as a big threat to Wanhua.
Seeking overseas market growth: Wanhua is expanding its presence in the overseas
market (5-year revenue CAGR was 36% in 2013-2018). Its new MDI plant in the US is
one of the ways Wanhua is deploying capital and diversifying its regional exposure
(might delay due to recent trade tension). However, we also note that the gross profit
margin of the overseas business is generally lower than what Wanhua can achieve
domestically (partly due to transportation cost and penetration).
MDI price spread to remain stable with slight downside risk in 2020/2021: More than half
of the MDI supply addition in 2020/2021 is coming from Wanhua. According to the
company, they do not intend to flood the market with the additional supply but to
maintain the price (not high enough to be demand destroying and low enough to be
negative to share prices). For the rest of the supply addition, the global demand (we
forecast about 5% on average) is enough to offset the global supply growth, leading to
our forecasts of stable MDI pricing outlook in 2020/2021, back to about historical
average MDI pricing.
New ethylene plant commissioning a catalyst in 2H2020: Wanhua has made good
construction progress for its new Yantai ethylene plant. Assuming the plant is
commissioned without a material delay in ramp up, we expect Wanhua could grow
petrochemical segment sales further. It could also benefit the specialty chemical and
new material business as ethylene is one of the key building blocks (at least for the
production of polyol).
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
Petrochemical plants help remove limitation in feedstock
Cost-competitive petrochemical supplier
Integrated C3 propylene value chain: In 2001, Wanhua started planning the construction
of a PO/AE plant (propylene oxide/acrylate ester), and put the plant into operation in
August 2015. The unit converts LPG (imported from the Middle East) into propylene
derivatives including propylene oxide (PO), acrylic acid (AA), and acrylate ester (AE).
Wanhua has the largest China PDH capacity per unit (propane dehydrogenation) of
750ktpa and the third-largest China AA capacity of 300ktpa. The fully integrated
propylene value chain enables Wanhua to earn a more stable price spread and profit
margin (regardless of price changes for intermediate chemicals).
Unique LPG feedstock cost advantage: Wanhua has a 2.4mn m3 underground LPG
storage capacity (expanded from 1.2mn m3) that helps it manages the high seasonality
of LPG prices throughout the year. Due to the large volume of LPG it imports, Wanhua
began recommending prices to Saudi Arabia to help set regional LPG daily prices
starting in February 2016. Wanhua has also recently signed an agreement with Abu
Dhabi on a 10-year LPG supply contract for the purchase of up to 1mn tonnes of LPG
annually.
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
Expanding into C2 ethylene value chain: In August 2017, Wanhua announced it would
build its own ethylene value chain, starting with a Rmb18bn investment in building an
ethylene unit in Yantai. The plant is designed to take LPG as a main feedstock and
convert it into ethylene derivatives (including PVC, ethylene oxide, styrene). Wanhua
targets completion of the project in 2H2020 and the start of commercial operations in
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
Value-added plant integration
Petrochemical plants are set to resolve the feedstock constraint: Wanhua's existing
PO/AE unit helps supply propylene oxide, the core feedstock of polyol (to be mixed with
MDI/TDI to produce foams). The new ethylene unit helps supply ethylene oxide (EO),
another core feedstock to polyol. Both feedstocks are flammable and explosive and
hence are difficult to transport. Plant integration can help resolve the feedstock issue
and reduce transportation and handling fees. The new ethylene plant can also utilize the
hydrochloric acid (HCL) produced from Wanhua's Yantai polyurethane plant and
convert it into value-added PVC for sale (previously Wanhua has had to pay a cost to
handle the acidic HCL).
Feedstock for further specialty chemical application: We expect the completion of core
petrochemical units could provide valuable ethylene/propylene derivatives as feedstock
for the company's future specialty chemical and new material applications. Ethylene
and propylene derivatives are important building blocks for a number of specialty
chemicals (e.g., ethylene copolymer or high purified ethylene oxide).
图表 36: We believe Wanhua’s C3 project has a higher
return profile than its C2 project (due to generally higher
propylene derivative prices)
Estimated IRR and ROE of Wanhua's C2 & C3 projects
Wide range of applications with high import dependence
Import-dependent ethylene and propylene derivatives: China still requires a lot of
ethylene and propylene derivatives. Multiple products along the value chains are still
highly dependent on overseas suppliers (e.g., PE polyethylene 48%, ethylene glycol
58% as of 2018). The low chemical products’ self-sufficiency rate was partly because
much of these products have traditionally originated from refining (was slowly developed
given the domination of Chinese oil majors and the generally oversupplied refining
industry).
Diversifying production methods: The existing ethylene and propylene derivatives supply
is still dominated by the traditional oil majors with naphtha and oil as the feedstock. The
other chemical production methods (such as CTO/MTO, PDH and ethane cracker) has
only become possible in recent few years after the economic conversion technology was
developed and the increase availability of the feedstock supply, e.g. ethane supply from
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
the US, propane supply from the Middle East and the US, etc. There are an increasing
portion of private companies investing into this industry.
Wide range of applications that are still growing: There are a wide range of
end-applications, including consumer plastics, coating materials, and adhesives. Most of
the products are GDP-linked and are competitively priced globally. We generally believe
China's ethylene and propylene derivatives demand could grow at a rate higher than
that of China GDP growth. The high rates of urbanization and the consumption upgrades
are incentivizing more of this consumption growth. According to the recent plastic report
and global plastic demand model, we expect global virgin plastics demand to grow 3.2%
over next decade in our base case.
New ethylene plant commissioning a catalyst in 2H2020: Wanhua has made good
construction progress for its new Yantai ethylene plant. Assuming the plant is
commissioned without a material delay in ramp up, we expect Wanhua could grow
petrochemical segment sales further. It could also benefit the specialty chemical and
new material business as ethylene is one of the key building blocks (at least for the
production of polyol).
2019年8月5日
Source: China Industry Information, CPCIA, Modern Chemical Industry, Kunlun Consulting, Gao Hua Securities Research
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
Specialty chemical capability still needs time to take off
Steadily growing specialty chemical and new materials: Wanhua has separately
disclosed the financial performance of its specialty chemical and new material business
segment starting in 2016. The segment revenue is growing rapidly (2016-2018 CAGR of
44%) but only contributed about 10% of Wanhua's gross profit as of FY2018. The
gross profit margin during 2016-2018 stayed at around 30%-40%, slightly lower than that
of polyurethane but much higher than petrochemicals.
Multiple chemical branches: According to Wanhua s latest reporting, the specialty
chemical and new material segment includes surface material, TPU, SAP, PC, modified
isocyanate, specialty amines, etc. Wanhua has set up relevant business units
accordingly: 1) performance material (e.g., TPU); 2) performance chemicals (e.g. HDI,
IPDI, HMDI, IPDA); and 3) surface material (e.g., coatings and adhesives, acrylic
emulsion, waterbourne polyurethane dispersion). The company might set up PC and
PMMA units after the completion of new plants.
Slow but sustainable high-quality earning growth: High-performance functional
chemicals can take multiple years to develop, from R&D to commercial production and
to application & penetration. Although we note that Wanhua is diversifying its products,
we believe it is too early to count on the success of these efforts given that they are in
the early stages of development. For instance, the new PC and PMMA capacity
additions are good milestones as Wanhua moves to diversify its product offering, but
those products would not be classified as real specialty chemicals if we compare them to
other global chemical companies. By growing its functional chemical division, we expect
Wanhua can earn a relatively high and stable return (compared to traditional commodity
chemicals) with a high degree of specialization and low demand replacement.
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
We briefly introduce the dynamics of some core products exposure in the charts below:
Polycarbonate (PC)
PC production, apparent demand and import dependence
PC and Bisphenol A prices and their price spread
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
(Poly) methyl methacrylate (MMA and PMMA)
图表 43: PMMA is mainly uses advertising and electronics in
China
PMMA production, apparent demand and its import dependence
Thermoplastic polyurethane (TPU)
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
Financials and valuation
Income Statement
Growth: Wanhua has achieved impressive revenue and earnings growth in past
decades thanks to its continuous capacity growth (not only in MDI but also in TDI and
petrochemicals). We expect Wanhua will continue to be the market leader in
polyurethane and expand MDI capacity at both its Yantai and Ningbo sites, based on the
latest expansion in progress. We also expect Wanhua's ethane project will be
commissioned near end-2020 (construction began in December 2018), and start
contributing to earnings in 2021. We forecast Wanhua to achieve a revenue CAGR of
17% in 2019-2021E.
Margin: Wanhua's 2019E margin is hit by the year-to-date weak MDI and TDI prices
(partly due the to weak economic environment). We forecast gross profit margin to
recover from 37% in 2019 to 41% in 2020E, mainly due to a higher contribution from
high-margin polyurethane and specialty chemical businesses.
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
Balance sheet
Gearing: We expect Wanhua's net-debt-to-equity will increase to 63% in 2019E to fund
the new ethylene project and the MDI expansions. That gearing will decline over time as
the operating cash flow starts to increase.
ROE: We forecast ROE and ROA to dip in 2019 (weak margins) and rebound in 2020E
and 2021E (TDI, MDI and ethylene projects start to contribute to earnings).
Cash flow statement
Capex: We forecast higher capex in 2019-2020E, mainly for the Yantai ethylene project.
We expect capex will start to decline in 2021E.
Dividend: We expect the heavy capex cycle and weak 2019E margin will not be
supportive of a high dividend payout. We forecast Wanhua's dividend payout to be
maintained at 52% in 2019E-2021E.
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
Valuation
Our 12-month target price of Rmb47.0 is based on 7.0X forward EV/EBITDA (applied to
a simple average of 2020E/21E EBITDA), discounted back using a discount rate of 10%
(our estimate of Wanhua's weighted average cost of capital). We use EV/EBITDA as
our primary valuation methodology as we view EBITDA as a better representation of
cash-generating ability than earnings for established chemical companies, and this is
consistent with the valuation approach we take both globally and regionally. The target
multiple we used (7.0X) is the same as what we apply to global commodity chemical
companies; which is below Wanhua's long-term historical average of 8.3X since listing,
to factor in near-term weak MDI/TDI margins vs. the historical average.
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
What would make us more positive?
We could become more constructive on the shares if:
1) Street consensus turns more realistic (we are c.15% below Bloomberg consensus
estimates for 2019).
2) The shares begin pricing in too much of an economic downturn and we start to expect
potential for a recovery in macro data points (e.g., auto sales, property completion, white
goods sales, etc.)
3) The volume growth story starts to come into sight (i.e., ethane cracker will be
commissioned in 2H2020; MDI capacity expansion likely in mid-2020).
4) Any supply disruption occurs globally (it happens in 2017 when 2 overseas plants
were shut down for 3-6 months)
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
Key risks
The key risks include:
Product margins (+/-): Better-/worse-than-expected product margins (particularly MDI,
an easy-to-track pricing where Wanhua has the highest exposure) due to its respective
demand/supply dynamics. For instance, better-than-expected product demand is
positive for both prices and spreads and hence the company's earnings.
Supply disruption (+): It is common to see supply disruptions for MDI plants globally.
This can be due to unscheduled maintenance, operational accidents, bad weather, or
feedstock shortages. A high portion of the MDI facilities are more than 20 years old,
implying a higher chance of supply disruption. We see this as a temporary upside risk to
prices, spreads and margins.
Project delays (-): Our estimates for Wanhua Chemical assume specific
ramp-up/commissioning timelines for its new ethylene cracker. Any delay in the
commission time and slower-than-expected pace of ramp-up could lead to
lower-than-expected earnings. There are multiple reasons that could result in project
delays (e.g., engineering/construction delay, failure in trial production run, etc.).
Feedstock cost volatility (+/-): While Wanhua is already benefiting from its highly
integrated production flow, the company's earnings are still affected by any material
change in feedstock cost (e.g., LPG and benzene).
Operational risks (-): The chemical industry is a high-risk business that involves a lot of
toxic and explosive materials. There are occasional accidents/explosions globally that
can lead to plant suspension or compensation.
R&D success (+/-): R&D is a very important element behind the growth of the
polyurethane and specialty chemical business. It is a time-consuming and expensive
process that is difficult to time the success of. We believe any breakthrough will create
step changes to our expectation to future earnings.
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
M&A score
Across our global coverage, we examine stocks using an M&A framework, considering
both qualitative factors and quantitative factors (which may vary across sectors and
regions) to incorporate the potential that certain companies could be acquired. We then
to 3, with 1 representing high (30%-50%) probability of the company becoming an
acquisition target, 2 representing medium (15%-30%) probability and 3 representing low
(0%-15%) probability. For companies ranked 1 or 2, in line with our standard
departmental guidelines we incorporate an M&A component into our target price. M&A
rank of 3 is considered immaterial and therefore does not factor into our price target, and
may or may not be discussed in research.
Under our M&A framework for the Asia Pacific Energy and Chemical sector, we
recognize a myriad of factors could influence the probability of a deal, and our regional
team sees the following as five key common denominators:
Regulation on ownership that prohibits or discourages acquisitions, including by a
foreign entity, on grounds of national security.
Regulatory risks that discourage potential buyers from an acquisition and complicate
realization of planned synergy and restructuring upside.
Management stance in terms of its openness to a deal (e.g., being the target of an
acquisition or management buyout), especially by government appointees.
Strategic assets that offer the owners a strong competitive advantage due to a high
entry barrier (e.g., monopoly) or a low cost structure.
Industry attractiveness based on a growing profit pool as a function of asset
expansion, revenue growth, or profitability improvement.
Within this context, we have ranked Wanhua Chemical a "3" and weight our M&A
value by 0% (reflecting the probability implied by this ranking) within our target price
methodology.
图表 62: Summary of M&A score
Appendix
Publishing
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
信息披露附录
本人，朱金巧，在此申明，本报告所表述的所有观点准确反映了本人对上述公司或其证券的个人看法。此外，本人薪金的任何部分不曾与，不与，也将不
会与本报告中的具体推荐意见或观点直接或间接相关。
投资摘要
投资摘要部分通过将一只股票的主要指标与其行业和市场相比较来评价该股的投资环境。所描述的四个主要指标包括增长、回报、估值倍数和波动性。增
长、回报和估值倍数都是运用数种方法综合计算而成，以确定该股在地区研究行业内所处的百分位排名。
每项指标的准确计算方式可能随着财务年度、行业和所属地区的不同而有所变化，但标准方法如下:
增长是下一年预测与当前年度预测的综合比较，如每股盈利、EBITDA 和收入等。 回报是各项资本回报指标一年预测的加总，如CROCI、平均运用资本
回报率和净资产回报率。 估值倍数根据一年预期估值比率综合计算，如市盈率、股息收益率、EV/FCF、EV/EBITDA、EV/DACF、市净率。 波动性根据
12个月的历史波动性计算并经股息调整。
并购评分
在我们的全球覆盖范围中，我们使用并购框架来分析股票，综合考虑定性和定量因素（各行业和地区可能会有所不同）以计入某些公司被收购的可能性。
然后我们按照从1到3对公司进行并购评分，其中1分代表公司成为并购标的的概率较高(30%-50%)，2分代表概率为中等(15%-30%)，3分代表概率较低
Quantum
Quantum是提供具体财务报表数据历史、预测和比率的高盛专有数据库，它可以用于对单一公司的深入分析，或在不同行业和市场的公司之间进行比
GS SUSTAIN
GS SUSTAIN是一项侧重于通过发现优质行业领先企业而实现长期超额收益的全球投资策略。GS SUSTAIN 50关注名单列出了我们认为凭借出色的资本
回报、具有可持续性的竞争优势和对ESG（环境、社会和企业治理）风险的有效管理而有望在长期内相对于全球同业表现出色的行业领军企业。候选企
业主要基于对企业在这三方面表现的综合量化分析筛选而出。
相关的股票研究范围
朱金巧: 亚洲化工行业。
亚洲化工行业: Daoming Optics & Chemical、Hengli Petrochemical Co.、Lomon Billions Group、Rongsheng Petrochemical Co.、Sinopec Shanghai
Petrochemical (A)、Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical (H)、Tongkun Group Co.、Wanhua Chemical Group、Weihai Guangwei、Yantai Tayho、
Zhejiang Satellite。
信息披露
与公司有关的法定披露
的公司之间的关系。
高盛高华在今后3个月中预计将从下述公司获得或寻求获得投资银行服务报酬: Wanhua Chemical Group (Rmb41.82)
公司评级、研究行业和相关定义
回报决定。任何未获得买入或卖出评级且拥有活跃评级（即不属于暂停评级、暂无评级、暂停研究或没有研究的股票）的股票均被视为中性评级。每个地
区投资评估委员会管理着地区强力买入或卖出名单，该名单以总体潜在回报规模和/或实现回报的可能性为主要依据确立各自研究范围内的投资建议。将
以除去。 暂停评级(RS)：由于缺乏足够的基础去确定投资评级或价格目标，或在发表报告方面存在法律、监管或政策的限制，我们已经暂停对这种股票
给予投资评级和价格目标。此前对这种股票作出的投资评级和价格目标(如有的话)将不再有效，因此投资者不应依赖该等资料。 暂停研究(CS)：我们已经
暂停对该公司的研究。 没有研究(NC)：我们没有对该公司进行研究。 不存在或不适用(NA)：此资料不存在或不适用。 无意义(NM)：此资料无意义，因
此不包括在报告内。
一般披露
本报告在中国由高华证券分发。高华证券具备证券投资咨询业务资格。
本研究报告仅供我们的客户使用。除了与高盛相关的披露，本研究报告是基于我们认为可靠的目前已公开的信息，但我们不保证该信息的准确性和完整
性，客户也不应该依赖该信息是准确和完整的。报告中的信息、观点、估算和预测均截至报告的发表日，且可能在不事先通知的情况下进行调整。我们会
高盛高华为高华证券的关联机构，从事投资银行业务。高华证券、高盛高华及它们的关联机构与本报告中涉及的大部分公司保持着投资银行业务和其它业
务关系。
我们的销售人员、交易员和其它专业人员可能会向我们的客户及自营交易部提供与本研究报告中的观点截然相反的口头或书面市场评论或交易策略。我们
的资产管理部门、自营交易部和投资业务部可能会做出与本报告的建议或表达的意见不一致的投资决策。
2019年8月5日
全球投资研究
万华化学 (600309.SS)
该股的基本评级，此类评级反映了某只股票相对于报告中描述的研究范围内股票的回报潜力。
具持有多头或空头头寸，担任上述证券或衍生工具的交易对手，或买卖上述证券或衍生工具。
在高盛组织的会议上的第三方演讲嘉宾（包括高华证券或高盛其它部门人员）的观点不一定反映全球投资研究部的观点，也并非高华证券或高盛的正式观
在任何要约出售股票或征求购买股票要约的行为为非法的地区，本报告不构成该等出售要约或征求购买要约。本报告不构成个人投资建议，也没有考虑到
个别客户特殊的投资目标、财务状况或需求。客户应考虑本报告中的任何意见或建议是否符合其特定状况，以及(若有必要)寻求专家的意见，包括税务意
见。本报告中提及的投资价格和价值以及这些投资带来的收入可能会波动。过去的表现并不代表未来的表现，未来的回报也无法保证，投资者可能会损失
本金。
某些交易，包括牵涉期货、期权和其它衍生工具的交易，有很大的风险，因此并不适合所有投资者。外汇汇率波动有可能对某些投资的价值或价格或来自
这一投资的收入产生不良影响。
当前期权和期货的披露文件。对于包含多重期权买卖的期权策略结构产品，例如，期权差价结构产品，其交易成本可能较高。与交易相关的文件将根据要
求提供。
全球投资研究部提供的不同服务层级：根据您对接收沟通信息的频率和方式的个人偏好、您的风险承受能力、投资重心和视角（例如整体市场、具体行
业、长线、短线）、您与高华证券的整体客户关系的规模和范围、以及法律法规限制等各种因素，高华证券全球投资研究部向您提供的服务层级和类型可
能与高华证券提供给内部和其他外部客户的服务层级和类型有所不同。例如，某些客户可能要求在关于某个证券的研究报告发表之时收到通知，某些客户
的所有客户大范围发布之前，不得向任何客户透露。
所有研究报告均以电子出版物的形式刊登在高华客户网上并向所有客户同步提供。高华未授权任何第三方整合者转发其研究报告。有关一个或多个证券、
市场或资产类别（包括相关服务）的研究报告、模型或其它数据，请联络您的高华销售代表。
2019年8月5日